--- Page 1 ---
WS0101.36205449.4
Base Prospectus dated 22 June 2023
BANQUE PALATINE
(société anonyme à conseil d’administration)
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Banque 
Palatine (the "Issuer" or "Banque Palatine"), may subject to compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives, issue notes 
(the "Notes") from time to time. The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes outstanding under the Programme will not at any 
time exceed €5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies on the date of issue of any Notes).
An application may, under certain circumstances, be made for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris 
("Euronext Paris") and listed and/or admitted to trading on any other regulated market within the meaning of Directive 2014/65/EU of 15 
May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities 
Market Authority (each such market being, a "Regulated Market") located in any Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), 
in accordance with the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Notes issued under 
the Programme may also be listed on a non-regulated market, or may be unlisted. The Final Terms (as defined in section "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes", the form of which is set forth in this Base Prospectus), prepared in respect of any issue of Notes shall specify 
whether an application has been or shall be made for such Notes to be admitted to trading and, if so, on which relevant Regulated Market(s) 
and/or whether such Notes shall be offered to the public in one or more EEA Member States.
This Base Prospectus, as may be supplemented from time to time, has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") 
in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation and received approval no. 23-240 on 22 June 2023. 
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
This Base Prospectus shall be valid until 22 June 2024, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the Notes 
and supersedes the base prospectus dated 24 June 2022 and supplements thereto. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
Payment of principal and/or interest under the Notes may be linked to one or more Underlying(s), as more fully described in the section 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes".
The Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form and may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form (au porteur) or in registered 
form (au nominatif), as more fully described in this Base Prospectus. The Notes will at all times be in book-entry form in compliance with 
Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical document of title or representing 
ownership of the Notes shall be issued. Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) shall be inscribed, as from their date of issue, in the books 
of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary), which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined under section "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes - Form, denomination and title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream"). Notes issued in registered form may, at the option of the Noteholder (as defined under section 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, denomination and title") of the relevant Notes, be either in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), in which case they shall be inscribed in an account with the Account Holder appointed by the relevant Noteholder or 
in fully registered form (au nominative pur), in which case they shall be inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or the registration 
agent (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on behalf of the Issuer.
The long-term debt of the Issuer is rated "A1 (stable outlook)" and its short-term debt is rated "P-1" by Moody’s France SAS ("Moody's") 
and its long-term debt is rated "A+ (negative outlook)" and its short-term debt "F1" by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus, each of these agencies is established in the European Union and is registered pursuant to Regulation (EC) 
no1060/2009 of the European Parliament and Council dated 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation") and appears on the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The rating of the Notes (if 
any) will be specified in the Final Terms. Notes issued under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. The rating of the Notes, if any, shall 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The ratings of the Notes issued under the Programme are expected to be endorsed by Moody's and 
Fitch Ratings Limited, in accordance with Regulation (EC) no 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, the ratings to be issued by Moody's and Fitch may be 
used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. The rating of the Notes will not necessarily 
be identical to the rating of the Issuer, and a rating shall not be construed as a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any Notes, and a rating 
may be revised or withdrawn by the credit rating agency at any time. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms related to Notes that are listed and/or admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market in the EEA are or will be available on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and the Issuer 
(www.palatine.fr). For as long as any Notes are outstanding, all documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be 
obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and will be available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.palatine.fr) and on the following website : www.info-financiere.fr. 
Investors are invited to consider the risks described in the section "Risk factors" before making any decision to invest in Notes issued 
under this Programme. This Base Prospectus (and any related supplements that may by published from time to time) constitutes a

--- Page 2 ---
2.
WS0101.36205449.4
base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation containing or incorporating by reference all necessary 
information on the Issuer and the group formed by the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the "Group") which 
is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, profit and losses, financial position and 
prospects of the Issuer, the right attaching to the Notes, the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. Any conditions 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined herein) which are not included in this Base Prospectus shall be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) at the time of issue of the relevant Tranche based on the market conditions prevailing on 
such date and shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated by reference and may only be used for 
the purpose for which it has been published.
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see section "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinized or approved by the AMF.
There are no Dealers appointed permanently in respect of the Programme. The Issuer may from time to time appoint one or more 
dealers (each a "Dealer") in respect of any Tranches of Notes. References in this Base Prospectus to "Dealers" are to all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of any Tranches.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this 
Base Prospectus nor any sale of Notes made in connection herewith shall under any circumstances imply that there has not been any 
change in the Issuer’s or the Group’s affairs since the date of this document or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented, or any change in the financial situation of the Issuer or the Group since the date of this 
document or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that any other 
information provided in connection with this Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which it was provided or 
the date specified in the document containing such information, if different.
Legal restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, any offering materials under the Programme and the 
offering or sale of Notes may apply in certain countries. In particular, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers have taken any action with 
a view to offering Notes to the public or distributing this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for such purpose is 
required. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other 
offering material may be distributed or published, in any jurisdiction, except in compliance with any applicable laws or regulations. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may fall, must familiarise themselves with and comply with such 
restrictions.
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or with 
any authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or 
sold, or in the case of bearer Notes, delivered, in the United States, or to, or for the account or benefit of, "US persons" (as defined in 
Regulation S of the Securities Act ("Regulation S") or, in the case of bearer Notes, "United States persons", as defined in the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended). The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States in offshore transactions 
to non-U.S. persons in accordance with Regulation S.
This Base Prospectus constitutes neither an invitation nor an offer by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to subscribe for or 
acquire Notes.
For a description of various restrictions applicable to the offering, sale and transfer of Notes and distribution of this Base Prospectus, 
please refer to the section "Subscription and Sale" herein. In particular, restrictions apply to the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Notes in the United States of America, in the United Kingdom, in the European Economic Area and in 
Italy.
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers makes any representation to any prospective investor in the Notes as to the legality of his 
investment under applicable laws. All prospective investors in the Notes must be capable of assuming the economic risk of their 
investment in the Notes for an unlimited period of time.
None of the Dealers to be appointed from time to time has verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, with respect to, or accepts responsibility for, the accuracy or completeness of 
any of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information provided in 
connection with the Programme are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as 
a recommendation by either the Issuer or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements 
should purchase Notes. All prospective investors in the Notes shall determine for themselves the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and base their decision to purchase Notes on such investigations as they deem necessary. None of 
the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer whilst this Base Prospectus remains in effect, or to 
advise investors or prospective investors of any information of which it becomes aware.

--- Page 3 ---
3.
WS0101.36205449.4
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account 
the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the ESMA on 5 February 2018 and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in 
financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. A 
determination will be made in relation to each issue as to whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under 
EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment, taking into account the five (5) categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement 
entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue as to whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT - EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 dated 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of such an investment in light of its own particular 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:
-
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Notes and the information contained in this Base Prospectus or in any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus and in the relevant Final Terms;
-
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its own particular situation, 
an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;
-
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including Notes 
with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for principal or interest payments 
is different from the potential investor's currency;
-
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial 
markets;

--- Page 4 ---
4.
WS0101.36205449.4
-
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate 
and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear applicable risks; and
-
be aware, in terms of legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor of the applicable restrictions on its 
ability to invest in the Notes and in any particular type of Notes.
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield 
with an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest 
in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment 
will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.
Independent review and advice
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional advice as it deems 
appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives and 
condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper 
and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes.
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection with its 
determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above.
Legality of purchase
Neither the Issuer, the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the 
acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or 
regulatory policy applicable to it.
Taxation
Potential purchasers and sellers of Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary charges or duties 
in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some 
jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available in relation to the tax treatment of 
innovative financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their 
individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only such adviser is in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the potential investor. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks
The Notes issued under the Programme may or may not be rated. Nevertheless, one or more independent credit rating agencies 
may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.
The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those arising from the offered Notes. 
Consequently, actual or anticipated declines in the credit ratings of the Issuer may affect the market value of the relevant Notes.
Any such ratings may not continue for any period of time or may not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by 
the relevant rating agencies as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the rating agencies' judgment, 
circumstances so warrant. Any rating agency other than Moody’s and Fitch could seek to rate the Notes and if such unsolicited 
ratings are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to the Issuer by Moody’s and Fitch, such unsolicited ratings could have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Notes.
Investment laws and regulations may restrict certain investments
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to laws and regulations on investment criteria, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. All potential investors should consult their legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent, (1) they are 
authorised to invest in the Notes, (2) the Notes may or may not be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and, (3) other 
restrictions apply to the purchase or pledge of the Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. Neither the Issuer, nor any Dealer(s), or any of their respective affiliates assume or have assumed responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of any Notes by a potential investor, whether pursuant to the laws in force in the jurisdiction in which 
they are incorporated or (if different) where they conduct their activities, or for compliance by any potential investor with all 
applicable laws, regulations or rules of any relevant regulator.

--- Page 5 ---
5.
WS0101.36205449.4
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME...........................................................................................6
RISK FACTORS........................................................................................................................................................13
CONDITIONS RELATING TO THE ISSUER’S CONSENT TO USE THIS BASE PROSPECTUS .............47
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE..........................................................................................49
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................................51
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES.....................................................................................................52
TECHNICAL ANNEX ............................................................................................................................................100
TECHNICAL ANNEX 1 SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO INFLATION INDEX LINKED 
NOTES ......................................................................................................................................................................101
TECHNICAL ANNEX 2 SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO INDEX LINKED NOTES .........108
TECHNICAL ANNEX 3 SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO EQUITY LINKED NOTES.......143
TECHNICAL ANNEX 4 SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO FUND LINKED NOTES ...........166
TECHNICAL ANNEX 5 SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO COMMODITY LINKED NOTES
....................................................................................................................................................................................178
TECHNICAL ANNEX 6 SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO EXCHANGE RATE (FX) LINKED 
NOTES ......................................................................................................................................................................191
TECHNICAL ANNEX 7 SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED NOTES .....................................................................................................................................................200
TECHNICAL ANNEX 8 SUPPLEMENTAL PAYOUT TERMS ......................................................................207
USE OF PROCEEDS...............................................................................................................................................259
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ....................................................................................................................................260
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER.........................................................................................................................320
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE.................................................................................................................................335
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................341
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT........................................................................................................................344

--- Page 6 ---
6.
WS0101.36205449.4
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following General Description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in 
this Base Prospectus. This section is subject to the other information provided elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and is to be read as such.
This General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25.1(b) Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, 
constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation 
or any implementing regulation thereof.
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below and in the relevant Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings in this General Description.
Issuer:
Banque Palatine
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Programme Limit:
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount 
of the Programme.
Risk Factors:
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks which 
should be assessed prior to making any investment decision.
For any information on the risks relating to the Issuer and the 
Notes, investors and/or Noteholders should refer to section 
"Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus.
Dealers:
There are no Dealers appointed permanently in respect of the 
Programme. The Issuer may from time to time appoint one or 
more dealers (each a "Dealer") in respect of any Tranches of 
Notes. References in this Base Prospectus to "Dealers" are to 
all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of any Tranches.
Fiscal and Paying Agent:
Banque Palatine
Distribution:
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") 
having one or more issue dates (each an "Issue Date") and on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of 
the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
"Tranche") on the same or different Issue Dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which will be supplemented, where 
necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, save 
in respect of the Issue Date, issue price, first payment of 
interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical 
to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set 
out in the relevant final terms to this Base Prospectus (the 
"Final Terms").

--- Page 7 ---
7.
WS0101.36205449.4
Form of Notes:
The Notes shall be issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in 
bearer form (au porteur), entered in the books of Euroclear 
France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the 
accounts of the account holders with Euroclear France (the 
"Account Holders"), or in registered form and, in such case, 
at the option of the relevant holder, either in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré), inscribed in the 
books of an Account Holder nominated by the relevant 
noteholder, or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur), 
entered in an account held by the Issuer or by a registration 
agent acting on behalf of the Issuer.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount 
or premium to their nominal amount.
Currencies:
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Notes may be issued in euro, U.S. dollar, Japanese 
yen, Swiss franc, Sterling and in any other currency specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealers.
Denominations:
The Notes of a single Series shall be issued in the specified 
denomination as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Denomination"), provided that there may only be one single 
Denomination per Series.
Maturity:
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as 
provided below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the 
maturity date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Maturity Date").
Status of the Notes:
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4 (Negative pledge)) and rank equally 
amongst themselves and (subject to mandatory exceptions 
under French law) equally with all other unsubordinated and 
unsecured present or future debt of the Issuer.
Negative Pledge: 
So long as any Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not 
create or permit to subsist any mortgage over its real estate 
assets or rights that it does or may possess and shall not grant 
or permit to subsist any pledge over its business (fonds de 
commerce) to secure other obligations, unless the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Notes, are secured equally and rateably 
therewith.
This obligation relates solely to issues of Notes by the Issuer 
and shall not prevent the Issuer from disposing of title to its 
property or granting any security over such property in any 
other circumstances.
Events of Default:
The Notes may become due and payable early if so requested 
by the holders or their Representative if:

the Issuer is in default in the payment of principal of, 
or interest on, any Note when due and payable and

--- Page 8 ---
8.
WS0101.36205449.4
such default continues for more than 45 days;

the Issuer is in default in the performance of any of its 
other obligations under the Notes and such default has 
not been cured within 60 calendar days; or

the Issuer makes a proposal for a general standstill in 
respect of its debts; enters into a safeguard procedure; 
or into an accelerated safeguard procedure; or a 
judgment is entered for the judicial liquidation, or for 
a transfer of the whole of the business, of the Issuer; 
or, to the extent permitted by law, the Issuer is the 
subject of any other liquidation or bankruptcy 
procedure.
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed-rate interest shall be payable in arrears on the date or 
dates in respect of each year specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes shall bear interest at the rate determined 
for each Series as follows:
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate applicable to a 
notional interest rate swap agreement in the relevant 
Specified Currency, in accordance with the 2013 
FBF Master Agreement as published by the 
Fédération 
Bancaire 
Française 
relating 
to 
transactions on forward financial instruments, as 
supplemented 
by 
the 
Technical 
Schedules, 
published by the FBF, or
(b)
on the same basis as the floating rate applicable to a 
notional interest rate swap agreement in the relevant 
Specified Currency, in accordance with an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
as published, supplemented and amended by the 
International Swap and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. ("ISDA") or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by ISDA, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, or
(c)
on the basis of a Relevant Rate (including 
EURIBOR, TEC10, CMS Rate, SOFR or €STR) 
appearing on an agreed screen page of an official 
quotation service or financial database, subject to 
the application of the provisions relating to 
benchmark discontinuation of Conditions 5.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions, if applicable,
in each case, as adjusted upwards or downwards by reference 
to any applicable margin, and calculated and payable in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms. Floating Rate 
Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, minimum 
interest rate, or both. Unless a higher minimum interest rate is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the minimum interest

--- Page 9 ---
9.
WS0101.36205449.4
rate shall be deemed equal to zero.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes:
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes for which a change of interest is 
specified to be applicable may be issued by the Issuer.
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes do not bear interest except in the case of 
late payment.
Underlying Notes:
The payment of interest on Underlying Linked Notes may be 
linked to various types of Underlyings, such as one or more 
index/indices, 
shares, 
inflation 
index/indices, 
funds, 
commodities, exchange rates, interest rates, or any 
combination of such Underlyings.
Benchmark discontinuation:
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate 
of interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be 
determined by reference to the original benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant Final Terms, then 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
independent adviser to determine a successor or an alternative 
benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent amendments 
to the terms of such Series of Notes and, potentially, the 
application of an adjustment spread which could be negative 
or positive).
Redemption:
Subject to purchase and cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The redemption amount may be below par.
For Underlying Linked Notes, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be calculated by reference to the following calculation 
formulas (each a "Final Payout") as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms:
SPS Fixed Percentage Notes, SPS Reverse Convertible Notes, 
SPS Reverse Convertible Standard Notes, Vanilla Call Notes, 
Vanilla Call Spread Notes, Vanilla Put Notes, Vanilla Put 
Spread Notes, Vanilla Digital Notes, Knock-Out Vanilla Call 
Notes, Asian Notes, Capped Asian Notes, Himalaya Notes, 
Autocall Notes, Autocall One Touch Notes, Autocall 
Standard Notes, Booster Notes, Bonus Notes, Leveraged 
Notes, Twin Win Notes, Sprinter Notes, Generic Notes, 
Digital-A Generic Notes, Digital-B Generic Notes, Ratchet 
Notes, Sum Notes, Max Notes, FI FX Vanilla Notes, FI 
Digital Floor Notes, FI Digital Cap Notes, FI Digital Plus 
Notes or FI Inflation Linked Notes.
Early Redemption:
The Early Redemption Amount payable under the Notes shall 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For Underlying Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount 
(where applicable) shall be calculated by reference to the 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout or Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate.

--- Page 10 ---
10.
WS0101.36205449.4
Optional Redemption:
The Final Terms prepared in respect of each issue of Notes 
shall specify whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to 
the scheduled Maturity Date at the option of the Issuer (in 
whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders and, if so, the terms 
of such redemption by reference to the Call Payout or Put 
Payout, as the case may be.
Redemption for tax reasons:
The Notes may be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer 
for tax reasons.
Representation of Noteholders:
The Noteholders of all Tranches of the same Series shall be 
automatically grouped together for the defence of their 
common interest in a masse (in each case, the "Masse") and 
the provisions of Articles L. 228-46 and seq. of the French 
Code de commerce relating to the Masse, as amended (except 
with respect to Notes issued with a denomination of less than 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency)) and 
supplemented by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, shall 
apply. 
The Masse will act in part through the intermediary of a 
representative (the "Representative") whose identity and 
remuneration for performing such function shall be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and in part through collective 
decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions"). 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting 
or through a written decision. If and for so long as the Notes 
of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, 
such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Representative and to the 
Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the 
provisions of the French Code de commerce.
Taxation:
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for 
any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected or withheld by or within France or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.
If French law should require that payments of principal or 
interest in respect of any Note be subject to deduction or 
withholding in respect of any taxes or duties, present or future, 
whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted 
by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt 
by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required.
All payments under the Notes are subject to all tax and other 
laws, regulations and directives, as provided in Condition 7.2 
(Payments subject to tax laws).

--- Page 11 ---
11.
WS0101.36205449.4
Rating:
The long-term debt of the Issuer is rated "A1 (stable outlook)" 
and for its short-term debt is rated "P-1" by Moody’s France 
SAS ("Moody’s") and its long-term debt is rated "A+ 
(negative outlook)" and its short-term debt is rated "F1" by 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). 
As of the Date of this Base Prospectus, Moody’s and Fitch are 
established in the European Union and are registered under 
Regulation (EC) n° 1060/2009 of the European Parliament 
and Council dated 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is included 
in the list of rating agencies published by the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk), in accordance with the CRA Regulation.
The rating of the Notes, if any, shall be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The ratings of the Notes issued under 
the Programme are expected to be endorsed by Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd and Fitch Ratings Limited, in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"). As such, the ratings to be issued by Moody's 
and Fitch may be used for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.
The rating of the Notes may not necessarily be the same as the 
rating of the Issuer, and a rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating 
agency.
Listing and Admission to Trading:
The Notes may be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or any other regulated market and/or non-regulated 
market, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. A Series of 
Notes may also not be admitted to trading.
Governing Law:
French law
Settlement:
The Notes will be accepted for clearance through Euroclear 
France and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream.
Method of Publication of this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms:
This Base Prospectus and any supplement shall be published 
on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and of the 
Issuer (www.palatine.fr). The Final Terms related to Notes 
traded on a Regulated Market in any Member State of the 
EEA will be published, so long as such Notes are admitted to 
trading on any such Regulated Market, on the websites of (a) 
the AMF (www.amf-france.org) or (b) any relevant 
administrative authority.
Selling Restrictions:
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in various jurisdictions, in particular, those of the

--- Page 12 ---
12.
WS0101.36205449.4
United States, the United Kingdom, the European Economic 
Area and Italy, see "Subscription and Sale".
United 
States 
Selling 
Restrictions/TEFRA:
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S 
under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

--- Page 13 ---
13.
WS0101.36205449.4
RISK FACTORS
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes and may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes to be 
issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. 
The risk factors may concern the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries.
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer, the Group and/or the Notes and material 
for an informed investment decision with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme 
are described below.
The inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any 
Notes may occur for other reasons than those identified below and the Issuer does not represent that 
the risks of holding any Notes as identified below are exhaustive. The risks described below are not 
the only risks to which the Issuer may be exposed. Other risks and uncertainties which today are 
unknown to the Issuer or which the Issuer does not currently consider to be significant may also 
have a significant impact on its business. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and reach their 
own views prior to making any investment decision. In particular, investors should form their own 
opinion as to the risks associated with the Issuer before investing in Notes issued under the 
Programme. The attention of investors is drawn to the fact that they may lose all or part, as the case 
may be, of the value of their investment.
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking 
into account the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence.
Terms in capital letters and not defined in this section shall have the meaning given to them in the 
section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes".
1.
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1.
Credit and counterparty risks
A substantial increase in new asset impairment charges or a shortfall in the level of previously 
recorded asset impairment charges in respect of Banque Palatine’s loan and receivables portfolio 
could have significant adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition
In connection with Banque Palatine’s lending activities, Banque Palatine periodically establishes 
asset impairment charges, whenever necessary, to reflect actual or potential losses in respect of its 
loans and receivables portfolio, which are recorded in its profit and loss account under "cost of risk". 
Banque Palatine’s overall level of such asset impairment charges is based upon Banque Palatine’s 
assessment of prior loss experience, the volume and type of lending being conducted, industry 
standards, past due loans, economic conditions and other factors related to the recoverability of 
various loans. Although Banque Palatine uses its best efforts to establish an appropriate level of asset 
impairment charges, Banque Palatine’s lending businesses may have to increase their charges for 
loan losses in the future as a result of increases in non-performing assets or for other reasons, such 
as deteriorating market conditions or factors affecting particular countries (please also refer to the 
risk factor entitled "Unforeseen events may cause an interruption of Banque Palatine’s operations 
and cause substantial losses as well as additional costs"). Any significant increase in charges for 
loan losses or a significant change in the estimate of the risk of loss inherent in Banque Palatine’s 
portfolio of non-impaired loans, as well as the occurrence of loan losses in excess of the charges 
recorded with respect thereto, could have a significant adverse effect on Banque Palatine’s results of 
operations and financial condition.
As of 31 December 2022, the annual cost of risk came to €56.2 million in 2022, up €17.2 million

--- Page 14 ---
14.
WS0101.36205449.4
from its 2021 level. However, it reflects a prudent provisioning policy with an allocation to 
provisions on healthy outstandings (status 1 and 2) of €10.8 million compared to a net reversal of 
€14.6 million in 2021. At the same time, the affected cost of risk (Status 3) fell by 15% compared to 
2021 to €45.4 million (vs. €53.6 million in 2021). 
Consequently, the risk associated with a significant increase in asset impairment expenses recorded 
on the Issuer’s loan and receivable outstandings is significant for the Issuer in terms of impact and 
probability, and is therefore carefully and proactively monitored.
The financial soundness and behavior of other financial institutions and market participants could 
have a significant adverse impact on Banque Palatine
Banque Palatine’s ability to carry out its operations could be negatively affected by the financial 
soundness of other financial institutions and market participants. Financial institutions are closely 
interconnected as a result, notably, of their trading, clearing, counterparty and financing operations. 
The default of a sector participant, or even simple rumors or questions concerning one or more 
financial institutions or the finance industry more generally, have led to a widespread contraction in 
liquidity in the market and in the future could lead to additional losses or defaults. Banque Palatine 
is exposed to several financial counterparties such as investment service providers, commercial or 
investment banks, mutual funds and hedge funds, as well as other institutional clients, with which it 
conducts transactions in the usual manner, thus exposing Banque Palatine to a risk of insolvency if 
a group of Banque Palatine’s counterparties or customers should fail to meet their commitments. In 
addition, due to the health crisis which occurred in 2020, many state-guaranteed loans were granted 
by the Groupe BPCE (including Banque Palatine) and the repayment of such state-guaranteed loans 
may lead to defaults on the part of borrowers and financial losses for Banque Palatine up to the 
portion not guaranteed by the State. 
As of 31 December 2022, in terms of assets, Banque Palatine is exposed to financial counterparties 
up to €4,259.3 million. In terms of liability, Banque Palatine is exposed to financial counterparties 
up to €4,383 million.
This risk would be aggravated if the assets held as collateral by Banque Palatine were unable to be 
sold or if their price was unable to cover all of Banque Palatine’s exposure relating to loans or 
derivatives in default. In addition, fraud or misappropriations committed by financial sector 
participants may have a significant adverse impact on financial institutions such as the Issuer as a 
result, notably, of interconnections between institutions operating in the financial markets. 
The losses that could result from the above-mentioned risks could have a negative impact on Banque 
Palatine’s results.
Banque Palatine may be negatively affected by political, macroeconomic and financial environments 
or to specific circumstances in the countries it operates
Banque Palatine’s main market is France, with no workforce presence outside of this country. 
However, Banque Palatine is exposed directly or indirectly through its own financial activities or its 
client activities to foreign countries political, macroeconomic and financial context. Banque Palatine 
is then exposed to the risk that economic, financial, political or social conditions in a foreign country 
became unfavorable and negatively affect the Issuer's business, financial position and results. 
The geographical exposure of the outstanding loans mainly relates to the Eurozone and more 
specifically to France, which represented 92.76% of Banque Palatine’s exposures at 31 December 
2022.
The balance sheet main exposure of Banque Palatine is located in France (with a book value of 
€15,490 million), followed by Spain (€277 million), Portugal (€209 million), Luxembourg (€182 
million) and Italy (€90 million).

--- Page 15 ---
15.
WS0101.36205449.4
Since 2011, European markets have experienced significant disruptions that have affected economic 
growth. Initially originating from concerns regarding the ability of certain countries in the euro-zone 
to refinance their debt obligations, these disruptions have created uncertainty more generally 
regarding the near-term economic prospects of countries in the European Union, as well as the 
quality of debt obligations of sovereign debtors in the European Union. There has also been an 
indirect impact on financial markets in Europe and worldwide. While Banque Palatine’s holdings of 
sovereign bonds affected by the crisis has been limited, Banque Palatine has been indirectly affected 
by the spread of the consequences of the euro-zone crisis, which has affected most countries in the 
euro-zone, including the Banque Palatine’s home market of France. The credit ratings of French 
sovereign obligations were downgraded by certain rating agencies in recent years, in some cases 
resulting in the mechanical downgrading of the credit ratings by the same agencies of French 
commercial banks’ senior and subordinated debt issues. For instance, Banque Palatine suffured from 
two downgradings of its long-term rating from Moody’s in 2012 and one from Fitch in 2013. More 
recently, anti-austerity sentiment has led to political uncertainty in certain European countries, and 
financial and banking markets have been affected by other factors, such as the many unconventional 
economic support programs introduced by the European Central Bank (the "ECB") and other central 
banks. 
More generally, several factors could affect the economy and the financial markets, such as high 
inflation due to a number of factors, including abundant liquidity resulting from monetary policy and 
public aid during the health crisis or the consequences of invasion of Ukraine, particularly on the 
energy market. Such inflation has the effect of increasing costs for the Banque Palatine's customers 
and for the Banque Palatine itself. In addition, a significant and rapid monetary tightening affecting 
the financial markets and the economy and increasing the cost of financing for companies and 
individuals may lead to a sharp decline in growth or even a global or regional recession. If economic 
or market conditions in France or elsewhere in the geographic area in which the Banque Palatine 
operates, continue to deteriorate or become increasingly volatile, the Banque Palatine's operations 
could be disrupted, and its business, results of operations and fnancial condition could be materially 
and adversely affected. 
Any of the above macroeconomic or market factors could negatively affect the Issuer's business, 
financial position and results.
2.
Financial risks
Banque Palatine needs imperatively to maintain a permanent access to liquidity sources or funding 
that may be reduced for exogenous reasons 
To run its own businesses, Banque Palatine needs absolutely to have a permanent access to funding 
sources, short term or long term. In addition to customer deposit, Banque Palatine issues NEU-CP 
on short-term and use BCE ressources on long-term to assure its funding. Banque Palatine also adjust 
its short-term and long-term funding using the Groupe BPCE capacity. 
As a member of Groupe BPCE, Banque Palatine is a participant of BPCE's guarantee and solidarity 
mechanism and can request for the use of the mutualised funds of the guarantee and solidarity 
mechanism in last resort. The guarantee and solidarity mechanism aims to safeguard the liquidity 
and capital adequacy of the Groupe BPCE and BPCE’s affiliates, and to organise financial support 
between them. 
If Banque Palatine or Groupe BPCE were unable to access their funding sources at normal 
conditions, or if an unexpected outflow of cash or collateral happens, Banque Palatine liquidity 
would be materially negatively affected. The market is competitive on deposit conditions and if 
Banque Palatine’s customer satisfaction were to decline, Banque Palatine and Groupe BPCE would 
be forced to find funding at higher rates that could also materially negatively affect Banque Palatine 
results. Exogenous unforeseen events could also significantly adversely affect Banque Palatine’s

--- Page 16 ---
16.
WS0101.36205449.4
liquidity: in case of a downgrading of Banque Palatine credit rating, a sharp increase in Banque 
Palatine credit spread, a market disruption which may in particular be related to geopolitical or health 
crisis, operational issues on Banque Palatine side, Groupe BPCE side or a third party side, or any 
serious economic disruption, such as current inflation and its impact on the economy or major 
geopolitical crisis, this access to liquidity can be significantly limited and could generate material 
adverse impact on Banque Palatine financial position, results and ability to meet its obligations to its 
counterparties and its payment obligations to the Noteholders. Similarly, a change in the monetary 
policy stance, in particular that of the ECB, may impact Banque Palatine's financial position. 
The Issuer's LCR (Liquidity Coverage Ratio) amounted to 111.9% as of 31 December 2022. 
Any restriction on the Issuer’s access to funding and other sources of liquidity could have a material 
adverse impact on its results. Given the significance these risks hold for the Issuer in terms of impact 
and probability, these risks are carefully and proactively monitored. 
Significant interest rate changes could adversely affect Banque Palatine’s net banking income or 
profitability
The amount of net interest income earned by Banque Palatine during any given period significantly 
adversely affects its overall net banking income and profitability for that period. Interest rates are 
highly sensitive to many factors beyond the control of Banque Palatine. 
After a decade of low or even negative interest rates, a sharp and rapid rise in interest rates and strong 
inflationary pressures have emerged, reinforced by the consequences of the health crisis and the 
conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Due to the fact that the market interest rates have rapidly 
increased in 2022, a portfolio featuring significant amounts of lower interest loans as a result of an 
extended period of low interest rates could decline in value. In addition, increases in the interest rates 
at which short-term funding is available and maturity mismatches could adversely affect the 
profitability of the Issuer. Similarly, in the future, any adverse change in the yield curve could cause 
a decline in net interest income from the Issuer's lending activities. In addition, significant changes 
in credit spreads, can impact the results of operations of the bank. Changes in market interest rates 
could affect the interest rates charged on interest-earning assets differently than the interest rates 
paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 
For example, the sensitivity of the net present value of Banque Palatine’s balance sheet to a +/-200 
bp variation in interest rates remains below the 15% Tier 1 limit. At December 31, 2022, Banque 
Palatine’s sensitivity to interest rate increases stood at -5.25% compared to Tier 1 versus -4.55% at 
December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the small downward shock (-25 bps) would have a 
negative impact of 0.45% on the projected net interest margin (expected loss of €0,8 million) over a 
rolling year, whereas the small upward scenario (+25 bps) would have a positive impact of 0.41% 
(expected gain of €0,8 million).
The exposure to interest rate risk was increased by the combination of unfavorable elements, namely 
the increase in inflation (major impact on regulated rates), the rapid exit from the negative interest 
rate policy (deposit arbitrage), the rise in interbank spreads, while, conversely, new loan production 
is constrained by the attrition rate and the competitive environment. 
If Banque Palatine’s hedging strategies are ineffective or provide only a partial hedge against such 
a change in value, Banque Palatine could incur losses (please also refer to the risk factor entitled 
"The hedging strategies implemented by Banque Palatine do not eliminate all risks of loss"). As a 
result, increases in interest rates, high interest rates, low interest rate levels and/or widening credit 
spreads, especially if such changes occur rapidly and/or persist over time, could have a significant 
adverse effect on the Issuer's banking business. At the level of Banque Palatine, the hedging strategy 
is implemented with the entry into interest rate swaps within the management levels desired by the 
Group.

--- Page 17 ---
17.
WS0101.36205449.4
Investment activities may be negatively impacted by market fluctuation and volatility
For its own account, Banque Palatine holds net long positions in the bond and equity markets, as 
well as in unlisted securities, real estate assets and other asset classes. These investments are mainly 
driven by liquidity reserve concerns. Any market correction would lead to losses due to a decrease 
in the value of these positions. High price fluctuation on the markets (especially the financial 
markets) may also negatively impact these positions. Similarly, extended market declines and/or 
major crises may reduce the liquidity of certain asset classes, making it difficult to sell certain assets 
and in turn generating material losses.
As shown in the asset side of Banque Palatine’s balance sheet, the investment portfolio is composed 
of:

Treasury bills and similar securities (€1,011.7 million);

Bonds and other fixed-income securities (€192,8 million); and

Investments in subsidiaries and long-term equity investments (€9 million).
Then sovereign bond is the first asset class represented in Banque Palatine’s portfolio, and corporate 
bond is the second. Other asset classes are less significant. Banque Palatine is supposed to hold bonds 
to the maturity but, if Banque Palatine has to sell these assets, the market fluctuations of prices of 
sovereign or corporate bonds can adversely impact the exit price. Moreover, a price deterioration of 
these assets may result in a liquidity issue for Banque Palatine.
The losses that could result from the above-mentioned risks could have a negative impact on Banque 
Palatine’s results.
The hedging strategies implemented by Banque Palatine do not eliminate all risks of loss
Banque Palatine uses hedging strategies to diminish its exposure to various kinds of risks. However 
these strategies are typically calibratred on historic market behavior and may provide a partial or 
ineffective hedge, especially if unforeseen trends appear in the markets. Moreover, these strategies 
may not effectively mitigate Banque Palatine’s total risk exposure in all market configurations or 
may not be effective against all types of future risks. The accounting recognition of gains and losses 
from ineffective hedges may increase the volatility of results of Banque Palatine.
In addition, hedging strategies used by Banque Palatine consist of asset swapping debt instruments 
and macro hedging for the loans portfolio. Hedging derivatives are classified as "Fair Value Hedge". 
As of 31 December 2022, the total notional amount of hedging derivatives of the Issuer was €458 
million with a positive fair value of €17.2 million and a negative fair value of €5.7 million. 
Nonetheless, any unforeseen trend could negatively impact this adequation in the future and results 
in losses for the Issuer.
Changes in the fair value of Banque Palatine’s securities and derivatives portfolios and its own debt 
could have a negative impact on the carrying value of such assets and liabilities, and thus on net 
income and shareholders’ equity
The carrying value of Banque Palatine’s securities and derivatives portfolios and certain other assets, 
as well as its own debt in Banque Palatine’s balance sheet is adjusted as of each financial statement 
date. Most of the adjustments are made on the basis of changes in fair value of the assets or debt 
during an accounting period, with the changes recorded either in the income statement or directly in 
shareholders’ equity. Changes that are recorded in the income statement, to the extent not offset by 
opposite changes in the value of other assets, affect net banking income and, as a result, net income. 
All fair value adjustments affect shareholders’ equity and, as a result, Banque Palatine’s capital 
adequacy ratios. The fact that fair value adjustments are recorded in one accounting period does not 
mean that further adjustments will not be needed in subsequent periods. Any degradation of market 
condition may degrade assets and liabilities valued at fair value and then negatively impact Banque

--- Page 18 ---
18.
WS0101.36205449.4
Palatine’s results or ratios.
As of 31 December 2022, financial assets at fair value totaled €1,356.2 million (with approximately 
€608 million in financial assets at fair value held for trading purposes) and financial liabilities at fair 
value totaled €557.4 million (with approximately €557.4 million in financial liabilities at fair value 
held for trading purposes).
Banque Palatine may generate lower revenues from commission and fee-based businesses during 
market downturns
Market downturns are likely to lead to a decline in the volume of transactions that Banque Palatine’s 
entities execute for their customers, and, therefore, to a decline in net banking income from these 
activities. In addition, because the fees that Banque Palatine’s entities charge for managing their 
customers’ portfolios are in many cases based on the value or performance of those portfolios, a 
market downturn that reduces the value of its customers’ portfolios or increases the amount of 
withdrawals would reduce the revenues such entities receive from the distribution of mutual funds 
and other financial savings products (for the Banque Palatine’s branches), or from asset management 
businesses (for Banque Palatine Asset Management). 
Even in the absence of a market downturn, below-market performance by the Issuer’s entities mutual 
funds and other products may result in increased withdrawals and reduced inflows, which would 
reduce the revenues the Issuer receives from its asset management business.
As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer's total net fees and commissions amounted to €103.9 millions 
whereas it was €95.7 million as of 31 December 2021, an increase of 8.5% resulting in particular 
from the strong rebound in structured finance advisory revenues in a buoyant market environment.
An extended market decline may reduce the liquidity of assets and make it more difficult to sell them 
and give rise to losses
In some of Banque Palatine’s businesses, a prolonged fall in asset prices could threaten the level of 
activity or reduce liquidity in the market concerned. This situation would expose Banque Palatine to 
significant losses if it was unable to rapidly close out its potentially loss-making positions. This is 
particularly true in relation to assets that are intrinsically illiquid. Certain assets that are not traded 
on a stock exchange or on a regulated market, such as derivatives traded between banks, are generally 
valued using models rather than market prices. Given the difficulty in monitoring changes in prices 
of these assets, Banque Palatine could suffer unforeseen losses. These losses could have a negative 
impact on Banque Palatine’s results.
The Issuer's level 3 products (i.e. financial assets and liabilities considered to be the most illiquid 
and hardest to value under IFRS standards) consist principally of debt securities. The amount of level 
3 products is decreasing in 2022 (with €1.3 million as of 31 December 2022 whereas it was €2.2 
million as of 31 December 2021) and low compared to the total balance sheet of Banque Palatine.
Banque Palatine must maintain high credit ratings or its business and profitability could be 
adversely affected
The long-term debt of the Issuer is rated "A1 (stable outlook)" and its short-term debt is rated "P-1" 
by Moody’s and its long-term debt is rated "A+ (negative outlook)" and its short-term debt "F1" by 
Fitch. 
Credit ratings are important to the liquidity of the Issuer. A downgrade in credit ratings could 
adversely affect the liquidity and competitiveness of the Issuer. It could increase borrowing costs, 
limit access to the capital markets or trigger obligations under certain bilateral provisions in some 
trading, derivatives and collateralised financing contracts. Banque Palatine’s cost of obtaining long-
term unsecured funding is directly related to its credit spreads (the amount in excess of the interest

--- Page 19 ---
19.
WS0101.36205449.4
rate of government securities of the same maturity that is paid to debt investors), which depends in 
large part on its credit rating. Increases in credit spreads can significantly increase Banque Palatine’s 
cost of funding. Changes in credit spreads are permanent, market-driven, and subject at times to 
unpredictable and highly volatile movements. Credit spreads are also influenced by market 
perceptions of creditworthiness. In addition, as a fully integrated entity of Groupe BPCE, Banque 
Palatine’s credit spreads may be influenced by movements in the cost to purchasers of credit default 
swaps referenced to BPCE’s or Natixis’ debt obligations, which are influenced both by the credit 
quality of those obligations, and by a number of market factors that are beyond the control of Groupe 
BPCE.
Significant foreign exchange rate changes could adversely affect Banque Palatine’s net banking 
income or profitability
Banque Palatine could carry out a part of its activity in currencies other than the euro (US Dollar, 
Pound Sterling, Swiss Franc, Yen and others). Fluctuations in exchange rates may adversely affect 
the net banking income and results of Banque Palatine. 
Nonetheless, such impact would be limited on the Issuer as Euro is significantly the most represented 
currency of the balance sheet of the Issuer as of 31 December 2022. In addition, this exposure is 
hedged by Banque Palatine according to its risk management policy. However, this financial hedging 
may be partial in regards to the impact of unfavorable exchange rates on operating income.
3.
Non-financial risks
Any interruption or failure of Banque Palatine’s information systems, or those of third parties, could 
result in significant business losses and other losses
Like most of its competitors, Banque Palatine relies heavily on its communication and information 
systems as its operations require it to process a large number of increasingly complex transactions. 
Any malfunction, interruption or failure of these systems could result in errors or interruptions to 
customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, transaction and/or loan processing 
systems. If, for example, Banque Palatine’s information systems failed, even for a short period of 
time, it would be unable to meet customers’ needs in a timely manner and could thus lose transaction 
opportunities. Likewise, a temporary breakdown of Banque Palatine’s information systems, despite 
back-up systems and contingency plans, could result in considerable information retrieval and 
verification costs. The inability of Banque Palatine system to adapt to increasing volumes of 
transactions may compromise its business development.
Banque Palatine is also exposed to the risk of an operational failure or interruption by one of its 
clearing agents, foreign exchange markets, clearing houses, custodians or other financial 
intermediaries or external service providers that it uses to execute or facilitate its securities 
transactions. As its interconnectivity with its customers grows, Banque Palatine may also be 
increasingly exposed to the risk of operational failure of its customers’ information systems. Banque 
Palatine’s communication and information systems, and those of its customers, service providers 
and counterparties may also be subject to malfunctions or interruptions resulting from cybercrime or 
cyber terrorism.
Any malfunction in Banque Palatine information systems, or in the information system of third 
parties linked to Banque Palatine, could have a significant adverse effect and generate losses (in 
particular commercial losses) due to the disruption of its operations and the possibility that its 
customers may turn to other financial institutions during and/or after any such interruptions or 
failures.
The risk associated with any interruption or failure of the information systems belonging to Banque 
Palatine or to third parties is significant for Banque Palatine in terms of impact and probability, and

--- Page 20 ---
20.
WS0101.36205449.4
is therefore carefully and proactively monitored. 
Banque Palatine’s profitability and business outlook could be materially adversely affected by 
reputational and legal risk
Banque Palatine’s reputation is essential in attracting and retaining its customers. The use of 
inappropriate means to promote and market its products and services, inadequate management of 
potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, ethical issues, money laundering 
laws, data security policies, sales and trading practices, and inadequate customer protection systems 
could adversely affect Banque Palatine’s reputation. Its reputation could also be harmed by any 
inappropriate employee behavior, fraud, cybercrime or cyber terrorist attacks on Banque Palatine’s 
information and communication systems, or any fraud, embezzlement or other misappropriation of 
funds committed by participants in the financial sector to which Banque Palatine is exposed, any 
decrease, restatement or correction of the financial results, or any legal or regulatory action that has 
a potentially unfavorable outcome. Any damage caused to Banque Palatine’s reputation could be 
accompanied by a material loss of business likely to threaten its results and its financial position. 
Inadequate management of these issues could also give rise to additional legal risk for Banque 
Palatine and cause an increase in the number of legal proceedings and the amount of damages 
claimed against Banque Palatine, or expose Banque Palatine to sanctions from the regulatory 
authorities. The financial consequences of these disputes may have an impact on the financial 
position of Banque Palatine, in which case may also adversely impact Banque Palatine's profitability 
and business outlook.
In that respect, the inventory of loans in dispute at the end of 2022 was 101 loans totalling €33.8 
million (excluding non-quantified claims). The new disputes in 2022 amounted to 17 claims for €9.7 
million and 11 claims filed by lawyer for €817,000 (excluding non-quantified cases).
Unforeseen events may cause an interruption of Banque Palatine’s operations and cause substantial 
losses as well as additional costs
Banque Palatine remains dependent on its environnement. Unforeseen events, such as a serious 
natural disasters, new pandemics or health crisis, events related to climate risk (physical risk directly 
associated with climate change), major social unrest, terrorist attacks, large scale armed conflicts, or 
other states of emergency can lead to an abrupt interruption of operations of entities in Banque 
Palatine, and, to the extent not partially or entirely covered by insurance, could create economic and 
financial disruptions or lead to operational difficulties and cause substantial losses. Such losses can 
relate to property, financial assets, trading positions and key employees. Such unforeseen events may 
additionally disrupt Banque Palatine’s infrastructure, or that of third parties with which it conducts 
business, and can also lead to additional costs (such as relocation costs of employees affected) and 
increase costs (such as insurance premiums). 
For example in 2020 and 2021, the sanitary measures (lockdown, curfew,…) following the 
development of the sanitary crisis related to Covid-19 caused a sharp contraction of the economy in 
2021. The confinement made for instance the management of medium-sized businesses, Banque 
Palatine's core target clients, very difficult. This situation constitutes a risk that may further occur in 
the future and adversely affect the results and solvency metrics (CET1 ratio) of Banque Palatine.
Besides, the invasion of Ukraine and the reaction of the international community in 2022 and 2023 
have been, and may continue to be, a source of instability in global markets, impacting stock market 
indices, increasing the price of raw materials (such as electricity, oil, gas etc.) or causing fears of 
shortages, thereby aggravating inflation. Such events may also make insurance coverage for certain 
risks unavailable and thus increase the Issuer’s global risk. 
A failure of or inadequacy in Banque Palatine’s risk management policies, procedures and methods 
may leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks, which could lead to losses

--- Page 21 ---
21.
WS0101.36205449.4
The risk management techniques and strategies of Banque Palatine may not effectively limit its risk 
exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that 
Banque Palatine fails to identify or anticipate. The Issuer’s risk management techniques and 
strategies may also not effectively limit its risk exposure in all market fluctuations. These techniques 
and strategies may not be effective against certain risks, particularly those that the Issuer has not 
previously identified or anticipated. Some of the Issuer’s qualitative tools and metrics for managing 
risk are based upon its use of observed historical market behavior. Banque Palatine's risk managers 
apply statistical and other tools to these observations to arrive at quantifications of its risk exposures. 
These tools and metrics may fail to predict future risk exposures. These risk exposures could, for 
example, arise from factors Banque Palatine did not anticipate or correctly evaluate in its statistical 
models or from unexpected and unprecedented market movements. This would limit the Issuer’s 
ability to manage its risks and could adversely affect the Issuer's activity. The Issuer could suffer 
losses significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. In addition, the Issuer’s quantified 
modeling does not take all risks into account. The Issuer’s qualitative approach to managing those 
risks could prove insufficient, exposing it to material unanticipated losses. In addition, while no 
material issue has been identified to date, the risk management systems are subject to the risk of 
operational failure, including fraud. 
As of 31 December 2022, Banque Palatine’s cost of risk for operational risk amounted to €5.8 million 
compared to €3.5 millions as of 31 December 2021.
4.
Strategic, business and ecosystem risks
Risks related to the structure of Groupe BPCE and the guarantee and solidarity mechanism
All establishments affiliated to the central body of Groupe BPCE – including Banque Palatine – 
benefit from a guarantee and solidarity system whose purpose, in accordance with Articles L. 511-
31, L. 512-107, 5° and L. 512-107, 6° of the French Code monétaire et financier, is to guarantee the 
liquidity and solvency of all affiliated entities and to organize financial solidarity within the Groupe 
BPCE.
This financial solidarity is based on legislative provisions establishing a legal mechanism of 
solidarity with obligation of results requiring the central body to restore the liquidity or the solvency 
of affiliates in difficulty, and/or of all the affiliates of the Groupe BPCE. Given the unlimited nature 
of the principle of solidarity, BPCE may require at any time from any, several or all of its affiliates 
to provide financial support which would be required to restore the situation, and may if necessary 
mobilize up to all the cash and cash equivalents of the affiliates if one or several of them is in 
difficulty. 
Thus, in the event of Banque Palatine' difficulties, BPCE shall do anything necessary to restore the 
situation of Banque Palatine and may in particular implement the solidarity mechanism that it put in 
place: (i) BPCE will first mobilize its equity as part of its duty as a shareholder; (ii) if its equity is 
not enough, BPCE could call on the mutual guarantee fund created by BPCE, endowed at 31 
December 2022 with a total of €314 million in assets contributed equally by the two networks 
Banque Populaire and Caisse d'Epargne and which is set to grow by annual matching contribution 
(subject to the amounts that would be used in the event of a call on the fund); (iii) if BPCE's own 
funds and this mutual guarantee fund were not sufficient, BPCE could call (in equal shares) on the 
guarantee funds specific to each of the two Banque Populaire and Caisse d'Epargne networks for a 
total amount of €900 million and to the mutual guarantee fund of the Banques Populaires and Caisse 
d'Epargne, made up of deposits made by the Banques Populaires and the Caisses d'Epargne in the 
books of BPCE in the form of term accounts of a term of ten years and indefinitely renewable; and, 
lastly, (iv) if the call on BPCE's own funds and these three guarantee funds were not sufficient, 
additional sums would be requested from all the Banques Populaires and Caisses d'Epargne and (v) 
in addition BPCE may also mobilize without limitations the resources of any, several or all of its 
affiliates. It is specified that the guarantee funds referred to above constitute an internal guarantee

--- Page 22 ---
22.
WS0101.36205449.4
mechanism of Groupe BPCE activated at the initiative of the management board of BPCE, or of an 
authority competent in matters of banking crisis, which may request that it be implemented if deemed 
necessary.
Due to this legal, full and complete solidarity, one or more affiliates cannot find themselves in 
judicial liquidation, or be affected by resolution measures within the meaning of the BRRD (as 
defined below), without all affiliates also being so.
In accordance with Article L. 613-29 of the French Code monétaire et financier, any judicial 
liquidation procedure would be implemented in a coordinated manner with regard to the central body 
and all of its affiliates. 
In the event of compulsory liquidation thus necessarily involving all the affiliates, the external 
creditors of the same rank or enjoying identical rights of all the affiliates would be treated in the 
order of the hierarchy of creditors in an equal manner, regardless of their attachment, to a particular 
affiliated entity. This has the consequence in particular that the holders of Additional Tier 1 
instruments, and other pari passu securities, would be more affected than the holders of Tier 2 
instruments, and other pari passu securities, themselves more affected than the holders of non-
preferred senior external debt, them themselves more affected than holders of preferred senior 
external debt. Similarly, in the event of resolution and in accordance with Article L. 613-55-5 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, identical depreciation and/or conversion rates would be applied 
to debts and receivables of the same rank, regardless of their attachment to a particular affiliated 
entity in the order of the hierarchy recalled above.
Due to Banque Palatine' affiliation with the BPCE central body and the systemic nature of Groupe 
BPCE and the assessment currently made by the resolution authorities, resolution measures would, 
if necessary, be more likely to be taken than the initiation of judicial liquidation proceedings. A 
resolution procedure may be initiated against BPCE and all the affiliated entities if (i) the failure of 
BPCE and all the affiliated entities is proven or foreseeable, (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that 
other action can prevent such failure within a reasonable time and (iii) remediation action is required 
to achieve the remediation objectives: (a) ensure continuity of critical functions, (b) avoid adverse 
effects on financial stability, (c) protect State resources by minimizing recourse to exceptional public 
financial support and (d) protect customer funds and assets, in particular those of depositors. An 
institution is considered to be in default when it does not comply with the conditions of its approval, 
when it is unable to pay its debts or other commitments when due, when it requests exceptional 
public financial support (subject to limited exceptions) or that the value of its liabilities is greater 
than that of its assets.
In addition to the bail-in power, the resolution authorities are granted extended powers to implement 
other resolution measures with regard to failing institutions or, in certain circumstances, their groups, 
which may include, inter alia: the sale all or part of the institution's activity to a third party or to a 
bridge institution, separation of assets, replacement or substitution of the institution as debtor of the 
debt instruments, changes to the terms of the debt instruments (including modification of the maturity 
and/or amount of interest payable and/or temporary suspension of payments), suspension of 
admission to trading or official listing of financial instruments, dismissal management or the 
appointment of a temporary administrator (special administrator) and the issue of capital or equity.
Should any other entity of the Groupe BPCE need the support of the guarantee and solidarity 
mechanism, it implies that Banque Palatine will have much more difficulty to finance itself from the 
Groupe BPCE and that could have a significant adverse impact on Banque Palatine's liquidity, 
financial position and results. 
In addition, as a participant of the guarantee and solidarity mechanism of Groupe BPCE, Banque 
Palatine could be required to provide financial support to that other entity of the Groupe BPCE and 
as a result could have its financial position and results materially negatively impacted.

--- Page 23 ---
23.
WS0101.36205449.4
Banque Palatine is subject to significant regulation in France and in several other countries; 
regulatory actions and changes in these regulations could materially adversely affect Banque 
Palatine’s business and results
A variety of supervisory and regulatory regimes apply to Banque Palatine even in jurisdictions in 
which it does not operate. This is due to the fact that it belongs to a wider group, Groupe BPCE, 
which is present in various countries around the world. For example, Banque Palatine is subject to 
the Volker Rule due to the fact that some Groupe BPCE’s entity have activities in the United State 
of America. Non-compliance could lead to significant intervention by regulatory authorities and 
fines, public reprimand, damage to reputation, enforced suspension of operations or, in extreme 
cases, withdrawal of authorisation to operate. The financial services industry has experienced 
increased scrutiny from a variety of regulators in recent years, as well as an increase in the penalties 
and fines sought by regulatory authorities, a trend that may be accelerated in the current financial 
context. The businesses and earnings of Banque Palatine can be materially adversely affected by the 
policies and actions of various regulatory authorities of France, other European Union or foreign 
governments and international organisations. Such constraints could limit the ability of Banque 
Palatine to expand its businesses or to pursue certain activities. Such changes could include, but are 
not limited to, the following:
-
the monetary, interest rate and other policies of central banks and regulatory authorities;
-
general changes in government or regulatory policy liable to significantly influence investor 
decisions, in particular in markets where entities of the Groupe BPCE operate;
-
general changes in regulatory requirements, notably prudential rules relating to the 
regulatory capital adequacy framework and the recovery and regulation regime;
-
changes in rules and procedures relating to internal controls;
-
changes in the competitive environment and prices;
-
changes in financial reporting rules;
-
expropriation, nationalisation, price controls, exchange controls, confiscation of assets and 
changes in legislation relating to foreign ownership rights; and
-
any adverse change in the political, military or diplomatic environments creating social 
instability or an uncertain legal situation capable of affecting the demand for the products 
and services offered by Groupe BPCE.
For example, legislation and regulations have recently been enacted or proposed in recent years with 
a view to introducing a number of changes, some permanent, in the global financial environment. 
These new measures, aimed at avoiding a new global financial crisis, have significantly altered the 
operating environment, and may continue to alter this environment in the future. The Issuer is 
exposed to the risk associated with changes in legislation and regulations. These include the new 
prudential backstop rules, which measure the difference between the actual provisioning levels of 
defaulted loans and guidelines including target rates, depending on the age of the default and the 
presence of guarantees.
As a result of some of these measures, the Issuer’s funding costs and the compliance costs have 
already increased and may further increase. This could lead to reduced consolidated revenues and 
profits in the relevant activities, the reduction or sale of certain operations and asset portfolios, and 
asset-impairment charges and materially adversely affect the Issuer's business and results.
The European Parliament and the Council of the European Union have adopted Directive no. 
2019/878/EU dated 20 May 2019 amending the CRD IV (the "CRD IV Revision" and together with 
the CRD IV, the "CRD V Directive") and Regulation no. 2019/876/EU dated 20 May 2019 
amending the CRR (the "CRR Revision" and together with the CRR, the "CRD V Regulation"and 
together with the CRD V Directive, the "CRD V package"). The CRD IV Revision was 
implemented under French law by the Ordonnance n°2020-1635 portant diverses dispositions 
d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union Européenne en matière financière dated 21 
December 2020 and the Décret n°2020-1637 portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation au droit de 
l'Union européenne en matère financière et relative aux sociétés de financement dated 22 December

--- Page 24 ---
24.
WS0101.36205449.4
2020. The CRD V package intends to, among other things, give effect to the FSB TLAC Term Sheet 
and modify the requirements applicable to the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities" (MREL). The whole CRR Revision is currently applicable and the implementation of the 
CRD V package and its application to Banque Palatine or the taking of any action thereunder is 
currently uncertain.
Moreover, the general political environment has evolved unfavorably for banks such as the Issuer 
and the financial industry, resulting in additional pressure on legislative and regulatory bodies to 
adopt more stringent regulatory measures, despite the fact that these measures can have adverse 
consequences on lending and other financial activities, and on the economy.
In today’s evolving legislative and regulatory environment, the impact of these new measures on the 
Issuer may not be foreseeable. The development of programs aimed at complying with these new 
legislative and regulatory measures (and updates to existing programs), and changes to the Groupe 
BPCE’s information systems in response to or in preparation for new measures generates significant 
costs for the Issuer, and may continue to do so in the future. Despite its best efforts, the Issuer may 
also be unable to fully comply with all applicable laws and regulations and may thus be subject to 
financial or administrative penalties. Furthermore, new legislative and regulatory measures may 
require the Issuer to adapt its operations and/or may affect its results and financial position. Lastly, 
new regulations may require the Issuer to strengthen its capital or increase its total funding costs.
The risk associated with regulatory measures and subsequent changes to such measures is significant 
for the Issuer in terms of impact and probability, and is therefore carefully and proactively monitored.
 
Banque Palatine may not realise the objectives in its 2021-2024 Strategic Plan
Banque Palatine launched in 2021 its strategic plan "UP 2024". This plan, within the framework of 
Groupe BPCE's "BPCE 2024" plan, covers the 2021-2024 period. The main directions of the UP 
2024 strategic plan were presented to the board of directors on 17 September 2021. UP 2024 brings 
together 2 strategic orientations: (i) accelerate the conquest of targeted midsize companies and 
private clients; (ii) adapt Banque Palatine to its environnement by centering the commercial network 
around the corporate market and taking advantage of the modernization of tools and the evolution of 
Banque Palatine commercial strategy to increase the operational efficiency of central functions. It is 
also based on three cross-functional markers: strengthening employee engagement; modernize and 
digitize uses; strengthen Banque Palatine's involvement in Social and Environmental Responsibility. 
This plan contains forward looking information, which is necessarily subject to uncertainty. In 
particular, in connection with the UP 2024 strategic plan, Banque Palatine announced a number of 
financial targets, including for revenue growth and cost reduction, as well as targets for liquidity and 
regulatory capital ratios. The financial objectives, established primarily for purposes of planning and 
allocation of resources, are based on a number of assumptions, and do not constitute projections or 
forecasts of anticipated results. The actual results of Banque Palatine are likely to vary (and could 
vary significantly) from these targets for a number of reasons, including the materialisation of one 
or more of the risk factors described in the section "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus. If Banque 
Palatine does not realize its objectives, then its financial condition and the value of the Notes could 
be adversely affected. 
Intense competition in Banque Palatine’s main market of France could negatively affect its net 
revenues and profitability
Competition is intense in all of Banque Palatine’s primary business areas in where it has significant 
operations. The Issuer’s main activities are retail banking (with a net income of €52.7 million as of 
31 December 2022 in comparison to a global net income of €42.4 million at the same date in 2021) 
and asset management (with a net income €4.7 million as of 31 December 2022). Consolidation, 
both in the form of mergers and acquisitions and through alliances and cooperation, is increasing 
competition in these sectors. Consolidation has created a number of firms that have the ability to 
offer a wide range of products and services, ranging from insurance, loans and deposits to brokerage,

--- Page 25 ---
25.
WS0101.36205449.4
investment banking and asset management. These big banking groups, which usually used to 
concentrate their commercial efforts on large capitalized companies, are more and more interested 
in the medium sized companies, the main clients of Banque Palatine. If Banque Palatine is unable to 
maintain its competitiveness in France with attractive and profitable product and service offerings, 
it may lose market share in important areas of its business or incur losses on some or all of its 
operations. In addition, downturns in the global economy or in the economies in which Banque 
Palatines's main markets are located are likely to increase competitive pressure, notably through 
increased price pressure and lower business volumes for Banque Palatine and its competitors. More 
competitive new competitors, such as fintechs or neobanks, could also enter the market, subject to 
separate or more flexible regulation, or other requirements relating to prudential ratios. These new 
market participants may therefore be able to offer more competitive products and services. 
Technological advances and the growth of e-commerce have made it possible for non-deposit taking 
institutions to offer products and services that traditionally were banking products, and for financial 
institutions and other companies to provide electronic and Internet-based financial solutions, 
including electronic securities trading. These new players may exert downward price pressure on 
Banque Palatine’s products and services or may negatively affect Banque Palatine’s market share. 
Technological advances may lead to rapid and unforeseen changes in the markets in which Banque 
Palatine operates. If Banque Palatine is unable to appropriately adapt its operations or strategy in 
response to any such developments, its competitive position and results of operations may be 
negatively affected.
Banque Palatine’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to the success of its 
business and any failure to do so may adversely affect its performance
The employees of Banque Palatine are its most valuable resource. Competition to attract qualified 
employees is fierce in many areas of the financial services sector. Banque Palatine’s results depend 
on its ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. Changes in 
the business environment (including taxes or other measures aimed at limiting the pay of banking 
sector employees) may cause Banque Palatine to move employees from one business to another or 
to reduce the number of employees in certain of its business lines, which may cause temporary 
disruptions due to the time required for employees to adapt to their new duties and may limit Banque 
Palatine's ability to benefit from improvements in the economic environment. This may prevent the 
Issuer’s from taking advantage of business opportunities or potential efficiencies. Any failure to do 
so may adversely affect its performance on the long term.
With regard to permanent contracts, 177 departures in 2022 compared to 132 in 2021 were recorded, 
i.e., an increase of 34%. These higher levels of departures from permanent contracts in 2022 are part 
of the Bank’s workforce reduction trajectory as part of the UP 2024 strategic plan. More than 40% 
of these departures concern the sales network, notably as part of the voluntary departure plan, and 
60% of departures concern central functions, with almost 30 retirements as part of the downsizing.
2.
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES
2.1
Risks relating to particular issues of structured Notes
A wide range of Notes may be issued under this Programme. Certain Notes may have features which 
involve specific risks for potential investors. The most common features of these Notes are set forth 
below:
2.1.1
Risks related to redemption and interest rates
Notes with an Issuer redemption option 
Pursuant to Condition 6.3, if an Issuer Redemption Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may redeem all or some of the Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
26.
WS0101.36205449.4
The existence of an optional redemption provision is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes will 
not generally rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This may also apply 
prior to any redemption period.
In general, the Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. In such circumstances, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds in financial securities that have a yield as high as the yield on the Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in financial securities that 
have a significantly lower yield.
Fixed Rate Notes
Condition 5.2 allows for the issuance of Fixed Rate Notes. Investment in Notes which bear interest 
at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may have a 
significant adverse effect on the value of the relevant tranche of Notes. As a consequence, part of 
the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the 
Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested.
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have 
a significant adverse effect on the price of the Notes and cause Noteholders who sell Notes on the 
secondary market to lose part of their initial investment.
Floating Rate Notes
Condition 5.3 allows for the issuance of Floating Rate. Investment in Floating Rate Notes involves 
(i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such reference 
rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be 
a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (for example, 
every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general market 
conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, 
particularly short-term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can 
only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant 
reference rate. Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the 
existence of the relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and 
the relevant margin, be lower than the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant 
interest amount be less than zero.
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include caps 
or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, their market value 
may be even more volatile than that of Notes without such features. It is difficult to anticipate future 
market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the 
yield of Floating Rate Notes and give rise to reinvestment risk.
Investor will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes
Conditions 5.2 and 5.3 allows respectively for the issuance of Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate 
to Noteholders. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest 
income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are 
not able to determine a definitive yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so 
that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed 
interest periods. If the terms and conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, 
investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may 
reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In 
addition, the Issuer’s ability to also issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and the 
secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa).

--- Page 27 ---
27.
WS0101.36205449.4
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5.13 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed to Floating Rate Notes to 
be issued. Fixed to Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a rate that, automatically or if so elected by 
the Issuer, converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such 
conversion (whether automatic or optional), may affect the secondary market and the market value 
of the Notes since the conversion may result in a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer 
converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread between the fixed rate and the floating rate 
may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable floating rate Notes tied to the 
same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on 
other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower 
than the then prevailing rates on its Notes and any such volatility may have a significant adverse 
effect on the market value of the Notes.
Zero Coupon Notes
Condition 5.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. 
Changes in market interest rates generally have a much greater impact on the price of Zero Coupon 
Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or with an issue premium than on the price of 
ordinary securities because the issue price of securities issued at below par are well below par. If 
interest rates rise, Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or with an issue 
premium may suffer greater losses than other securities with the same maturity or credit rating.
Zero Coupon Notes tend to fluctuate in value more than Notes that are not issued below par. Any 
such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes 
or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and 
where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes may be determined by reference to Relevant Rates 
that constitute "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR and CMS rate), investors should be aware that 
such "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory reforms. 
Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. Following their 
implementation, the manner of the administration or determination of such benchmarks may change 
with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or their calculation method may be 
revised, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be anticipated. Any such 
consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity, value and/or the return on any 
Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices 
used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance 
of investment funds, as amended from time to time (the "Benchmarks Regulation") was published 
in the European official journal on 29 June 2016 and most of provisions of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply since 1 January 2018. The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the 
EU. Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the United Kingdom ("UK"). 
Among other things, the Benchmarks Regulation, inter alia, (i) requires benchmark administrators 
to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed). Similarly, Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law

--- Page 28 ---
28.
WS0101.36205449.4
by virtue of the EUWA prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") or registered on 
the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which 
seek to offset any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a 
material impact on the market value and return of any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", 
in particular if the methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark" are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility 
of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.
Either of the above could potentially lead to the Floating Rate Notes or the Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes being adjusted or otherwise impacted depending on the particular "benchmark" and the 
applicable terms of the Floating Rate Notes or the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes or have other adverse 
effects or unforeseen consequences.
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering 
or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations 
or requirements.
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in the benchmarks; or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the 
benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, 
national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes or any Fixed to Floating Rated 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.
The Benchmarks Regulation has been amended several times, notably by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which applies as from 13 
February 2021 and introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of 
certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national authority, such 
replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued under 
the Programme) which contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback provisions before the 
date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision 
included in the Condition 5.3(c)(iii) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a benchmark is 
replaced by a benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the 
underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a 
statutory replacement of such benchmark may be designated. This replacement could have a negative 
impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked 
to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may 
perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark. 
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the 
end of 2023. The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary.
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate 
of interest on Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which 
reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes (please refer to the risk factor 
entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such

--- Page 29 ---
29.
WS0101.36205449.4
"benchmarks" below). Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, this may (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination is 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, be relying upon the provision by reference banks of offered 
quotations for the relevant benchmark which, depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination is applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark was available. 
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such 
"benchmarks"
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, Condition 5.3(iii)(H) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, 
including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate, and/or 
any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate 
interest on any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes by reference to such benchmark 
under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility 
that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), with or without the application of an adjustment 
spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a view to reducing 
or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant 
benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the 
proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent 
Adviser and without the consent of the Noteholders.
In certain circumstances, including where (i) no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) 
is determined, (ii) due to uncertainty relating to the availability of a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be), or (iii) if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or, if an 
Independent Adviser is appointed, such Independent Adviser is unable to act, the fallback rules may 
not apply as expected at the relevant time. In such a scenario, alternative fallback rules may be 
applied, resulting in, the rate of interest for such Interest Period be based on the rate which applied 
for the immediately preceding Interest Period.
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes.
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly 
its general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult 
to determine or measure. In addition, the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may perform differently 
from the discontinued benchmark. This could significantly affect the performance of an alternative 
rate compared to the historical and expected performance of the relevant benchmark. Any adjustment 
factor applied to any Series of Notes may not adequately compensate for this impact. This could in 
turn impact the rate of interest on, and trading value of, the affected Notes. Moreover, any holders 
of such Notes that enter into hedging instruments based on the relevant Screen Page may find their 
hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate.
Any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant

--- Page 30 ---
30.
WS0101.36205449.4
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark" or could have a material adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed 
to Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". Investors should note that, the 
Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected 
consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may 
not be favourable to each Noteholder. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates such as 
€STR) as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes
Condition 5.3(iii)(G) allows Notes referencing the Euro Short Term Rate ("€STR"), to be issued. 
Currently, the market continues to develop in relation to the adoption of €STR as alternative 
reference rate in the capital markets for euro bonds and its adoption as alternative to the relevant 
interbank offered rates. The market may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs 
significantly from the provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (see Condition 
5.3(iii)(G)) and used in relation to Notes that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus. 
The nascent development of €STR as interest reference rate for the euro bond markets, as well as 
continued development of €STR-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for 
adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect 
the market price of the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes. The return on and value 
of Notes that reference €STR may fluctuate more than Notes that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Since overnight risk-free rates are relatively new market indexes, the Notes will likely have no 
established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or 
may not be very liquid. Investors in the Notes may not be able to sell the Notes at all or may not be 
able to sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments 
that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing 
volatility and market risk.
Interest on Notes which reference €STR is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant 
interest period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date and it could be difficult 
for investors to estimate in advance the interest amount which will be payable on such Notes.
In addition, as €STR is published by the European Central Bank, the Issuer has no control over its 
determination, calculation or publication. €STR may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a 
manner that is materially adverse to the interests of Noteholders.
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection 
with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes. 
To the extent the €STR reference rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described in the 
Terms and Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on the Notes 
will be determined using the alternative methods described in the Condition 5.3(iii)(G) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes. Such methods may result in interest payments that are lower than, or 
do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payment that would have been made on the Notes if 
the €STR reference rate had been provided by the European Central Bank in its current form. 
Accordingly, an investment in any such Floating Rate Notes or Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may 
entail material risks not associated with similar investments in conventional debt securities.

--- Page 31 ---
31.
WS0101.36205449.4
The use of SOFR as a reference rate is subject to important limitations
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated on the basis of the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate ("SOFR") (as further described under Condition 5.3(iii)(F)).
As SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR-based Notes with interest periods longer 
than overnight will be calculated on the basis of either the arithmetic mean of SOFR over the relevant 
interest period or compounding SOFR during the relevant interest period. As a consequence of this 
calculation method, the amount of interest payable on each interest payment date will only be known 
a short period of time prior to the relevant interest payment date. Noteholders therefore will not know 
in advance the interest amount which will be payable on such Notes.
Although the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published historical indicative SOFR 
information going back to 2014, such prepublication of historical data inherently involves 
assumptions, estimates and approximations. Noteholders should not rely on any historical changes 
or trends in the SOFR as an indicator of future changes in the SOFR.
Also, since the SOFR is a relatively new market index, the Notes will likely have no established 
trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be 
very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed on SOFR, may evolve over time, and trading 
prices of the Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. 
Similarly, if the SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price 
of the Notes may be lower than those of debt securities linked to indices that are more widely used. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell the Notes at all or may not be able to sell the Notes at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk.
The Federal Reserve Bank of New York notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of the SOFR 
is subject to important limitations and disclaimers, including that the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or 
availability of the SOFR at any time without notice. In addition, SOFR is published by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York based on data received from other sources. SOFR may be discontinued 
or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. If 
the manner in which the SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or 
discontinuance may result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on the 
Notes and a reduction in the trading prices of the Notes which would have an adverse effect on the 
Noteholders who could lose part of their investment.
Notes issued at a substantial premium 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market 
value of Notes issued below par or with an issue premium tends to fluctuate more in relation to 
changes in interest rates than is the case for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the 
longer the remaining term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a 
substantial premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of 
conventional interest-bearing securities
Partly Paid Notes
Pursuant to Condition 5.5 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes for 
which the issue price is payable by the Noteholder in two or more instalments, after the Issue Date, 
on the dates set forth in the Final Terms. Partly Paid Notes shall be redeemed, either at maturity, or 
early or in any other manner, in accordance with the terms of Condition 6 and/or as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Failure to pay any subsequent instalment may constitute an early 
redemption event and could result in an investor losing some or all of its initial investment depending

--- Page 32 ---
32.
WS0101.36205449.4
on market conditions. In addition, in case of early redemption of Partly Paid Notes, the Noteholders 
may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in financial securities that have a yield as high 
as the yield on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
in financial securities that have a significantly lower yield.
Underlying Linked Notes
Condition 5.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Underlying Linked Notes to be 
issued. If payments (whether of principal and/or interest, and whether at maturity or otherwise) on 
Underlying Linked Notes are calculated by reference to one or more Underlying(s) (as defined in 
Condition 1 of the Terms and Conditions), the return on the Notes is based on changes in the value 
of the Underlying, which itself fluctuates. Fluctuations in the value of the Underlying are 
unpredictable and unforeseeable. Any such fluctuation may adversely affect the yield and market 
value of the Notes. As a result, Noteholders may (i) receive no interest or only receive a limited 
amount of interest and (ii) lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. Although it may be 
possible to obtain historic data on the Underlying, historic performance of the Underlying should not 
be taken as an indication of future performance.
Furthermore, unlike conventional fixed or floating rate debt securities, Underlying Linked Notes, 
whose payments (whether of principal and/or interest, and whether at maturity or otherwise) are 
calculated by reference to an index, may not provide investors with periodic interest payments. 
Furthermore, with respect to the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, the 
effective yield to maturity of the Notes may be less than that which would be payable on a 
conventional fixed rate or floating rate debt security. The return of only the Final Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount on each Note at maturity may not compensate the holder for 
any opportunity cost implied by inflation and other factors relating to the value of money over time.
Refer to the "Technical Annex" for more detailed information on Underlying Linked Notes.
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes 
Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section 
entitled "Technical Annex 7 Supplemental Terms Applicable to Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Notes", allows for Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes to be issued. Noteholders should be aware 
that depending on the terms and conditions of the Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes (i) they 
may receive no interest or only receive a limited amount of interest (in particular if Knock-In Event 
or Knock-Out Event are specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), (ii) payment of principal 
or interest may occur at a different time than expected (in particular if Automatic Early Redemption 
Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), and (iii) they may lose all or a 
substantial portion of their investment (including the capital invested). Further, changes in rates may 
be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies 
or other indices; and the timing of changes in a relevant rate may affect the actual yield to investors, 
even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in 
the relevant rate, the greater the effect on yield.
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable is determined in conjunction with a rate multiplier 
greater than one, or by reference to any other leverage factor, the impact of any movements in the 
factor on the principal or interest payable is likely to be magnified.
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and depend on the residual term to maturity and 
price volatility. Price movements may be affected by economic, financial and political events 
occurring in one or more countries.

--- Page 33 ---
33.
WS0101.36205449.4
Index Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of an index or basket of indices in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 2 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Index Linked Notes".
A decision to purchase Index Linked Notes involves complex financial analysis and risks associated 
with movements in the index which cannot be predicted with certainty. The yield on Index Linked 
Notes may be adversely affected and be less than the yield on Notes not linked to an index.
(a)
Return does not reflect dividends
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of an index or basket of indices in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 2 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Index Linked Notes". 
Depending upon the calculation methodology of an index, where the performance of an index forms 
part of the calculation of payments due under the Index Linked Notes, the payment of income (such 
as dividends for indices with stocks as underlyings) may not be reflected as the index may be 
calculated by reference to the prices of the underlyings comprised in the index without taking into 
consideration the value of any income paid on those underlying assets. Therefore, the yield to 
maturity of Index Linked Notes referring to an index may be adversely affected and be less than the 
yield that would be produced if such underlying assets were purchased and held for a similar period.
(b)
Index-related risks 
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of an index or basket of indices in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 2 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Index Linked Notes". 
Index Linked Notes are subject to risks broadly similar to those associated with any investment in a 
diversified portfolio of assets including, without limitation, the risk that the general level of prices 
for such assets may decline. The following is a list of some of the significant risks associated with 
an index:

historical performance of the index is not indicative of the future performance of the index. Index 
Linked Notes expose investors to a risk of loss to the extent that it is difficult to assess, anticipate or 
predict whether the value of the underlying index will fall or rise during the term of the Index Linked 
Notes;

if the index comprises underlying stocks, the trading price of such underlying stocks will be 
influenced by political, economic, financial, market and other factors. 
It is impossible to predict the impact that such factors will have on the value of any asset associated 
with the index, and, accordingly, the yield generated by the Notes.
The policies of the sponsor of an index (including a sponsor that is affiliated with the Issuer) as 
regards additions, deletions and substitutions of the assets underlying the index and the manner in 
which the index sponsor takes account of certain changes affecting such underlying assets may affect 
the value of the index. The policies of an index sponsor with respect to the calculation of an index 
could also affect the value of the index. An index sponsor may discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of information relating to its index. Any such actions could affect the market value of 
the Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
34.
WS0101.36205449.4
In addition, indices may be subject to management fees and other fees as well as charges that are 
payable to the index sponsor(s) and which can reduce the Early or Final Redemption Amounts 
payable to Noteholders. Such fees may be paid to index sponsors that are affiliates of the Issuer.
Equity Linked Notes 
(a)
No ownership rights over underlying shares 
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of of a share or basket of shares in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 3 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Equity Linked Notes".
A Noteholder will not be the owner of the underlying shares and therefore will not be entitled to 
receive any dividends or similar amounts paid on the underlying shares. Further, Noteholders will 
not be entitled to any voting rights or other control rights that holders of the underlying shares have 
with respect to the issuer of such underlying shares. The Early or Final Redemption Amount will not 
reflect the payment of any dividends on the underlying shares. Accordingly, the return on the Notes 
will not reflect the return that would be expected if the investor actually owned the underlying shares 
and received dividends, if any, paid on those shares. Therefore, the yield to maturity based on the 
methodology for calculating the Early or Final Redemption Amount, may be adversely affected and 
be less than the yield that would be produced if the underlying shares were purchased directly and 
held for a similar period.
(b)
Limited anti-dilution protection
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of of a share or basket of shares in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 3 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Equity Linked Notes".
The Calculation Agent may make adjustments to elements of the Notes as described in the Technical 
Annex. The Calculation Agent is not required to make an adjustment for every capital or corporate 
restructuring event that may affect the underlying shares. Those events or other actions by the issuer 
of underlying shares or a third party may nevertheless adversely affect the market price of the 
underlying shares and, therefore, adversely affect the value of the Notes. The issuer of underlying 
shares or a third party could make an offering or exchange offer or the issuer of underlying shares 
could take other action that adversely affects the value of the underlying shares and the Notes but 
does not result in an adjustment.
(c)
Risks arising from conduct of issuers of shares 
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of of a share or basket of shares in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 3 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Equity Linked Notes".
The issuers of underlying shares are not in any way involved in the offer of the Notes and have no 
obligation to consider the interests of the Noteholders in taking any corporate actions that might 
affect the value underlying shares and therefore of the Notes. These actions include in particular (i) 
the commencement of insolvency proceedings or any similar proceedings against the company 
issuing the Shares, (ii) the de-listing of the underlying shares, (v) any modification of the listing of 
the underlying shares and (vi) a consolidation, merger, absorption or mandatory exchange of the 
underlying shares (as more fully described in clause 2.2.(a) of the section entitled "Technical Annex 
3 Supplemental Terms Applicable to Equity Linked Notes").
In addition, if such actions occurs, the Calculation Agent may (i) either adjust the terms of

--- Page 35 ---
35.
WS0101.36205449.4
redemption and payment of the Notes or (ii) request that the Issuer redeem partially or, as the case 
may be, all of the Notes. The adjustment of the terms of the Notes by the Calculation Agent may 
have a negative impact on the interest amounts, early redemption amounts or final redemption 
amounts as well as the value of indexed Notes. Moreover, the early redemption amount may be less 
than the redemption amount initially specified in the terms of the Notes. As a result, the return on 
the Notes may be less than initially anticipated and investors may lose all or some of their investment.
Fund Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of a fund or basket of funds in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 4 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Fund Linked Notes". This section relating to funds and fund 
managers also applies to any portfolio or basket of funds and to any associated portfolio manager.
The fund units may be issued by hedge funds, mutual funds or private equity funds (hereafter, 
"underlying funds").
(a)
Risks relating to underlying funds that are hedge funds
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of a fund or basket of funds in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 4 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Fund Linked Notes". 
Fund units, and investments in hedge funds generally, are speculative and involve a high degree of 
risk. 
To the extent that the underlying funds of a Series of Notes include(s) a hedge fund as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Notes of such Series will be subject to some of the risks associated with 
an investment in a hedge fund. The lack of oversight and regulation associated with funds that are 
hedge funds may increase the likelihood of fraud and negligence by the fund's managers and/or the 
investment advisers, their brokerage firms or banks.
Hedge funds may involve complex tax structures and delays in distribution of important tax 
information and may have high fees and expenses that may offset the hedge fund's trading profits.
Changes to the current regulatory environment may affect the investment, operations and structure 
of the underlying fund(s) and adversely affect the performance of the underlying fund(s). 
Substantial redemptions on a hedge fund on a particular day could require such funds to liquidate 
positions more rapidly than otherwise would be desirable.
Hedge funds, including the funds to which the Notes may be linked, generally do not make 
information about their operations and holdings public. Even if the Issuer or any of its affiliates may 
have arrangements with fund managers to obtain information required to calculate the value of the 
fund, it may not have access to the activities of the fund on a continuous basis or at all. There are 
currently no regulatory requirements compelling funds to release information of the kind that would 
allow the Issuer or any of its affiliates to value a fund or to accurately determine the value of the 
fund units and, consequently, the relevant Early or Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Notes.
During the ordinary course of their business, the Issuer or any of its affiliates may recommend, or 
determine not to recommend, specific hedge funds to their clients. Hedge funds as to which the Issuer 
or any of its affiliates have formed investment recommendations may, now or in the future, be among 
the underlying funds used in the redemption formula for Notes. Any views that may be held by the 
Issuer or any of its affiliates with respect to the expected future performance of one or more of the 
funds (including in respect of funds that are managed by managers affiliated with the Issuer) would

--- Page 36 ---
36.
WS0101.36205449.4
not be an indication of the future expected performance of the fund, and neither the Issuer nor any 
of its affiliates has formed a view with respect to the expected future performance of a fund.
Taking these circumstances into account, compared to other types of investment, there is a greater 
risk associated with an investment in Fund Linked Notes where the underlying funds are hedge funds 
that the value of the Notes may be adversely affected (and could fall to zero) and the return an 
investor can expect to receive may be less (and could be significantly less) than expected.
(b)
Volatility of the markets may adversely affect the value of fund units
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of a fund or basket of funds in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 4 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Fund Linked Notes". 
Volatility is the term used to describe the size and frequency of market fluctuations. Market volatility 
may produce significant losses on the underlying fund(s) unit specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the volatility of the underlying fund(s) increases or decreases, the market value of the Notes may 
be affected. As a result, Noteholders may (i) receive no interest or only receive a limited amount of 
interest and (ii) lose all or a substantial portion of their investment (including the capital invested).
Fund performances (especially hedge funds) may be highly volatile. The net asset value of the fund, 
reflected by the fund units, may vary significantly from month to month. Trades made by fund 
managers may be based upon their expectation of price movements as the relevant investments 
approach and reach maturity several months after initiation of the trades. In the meantime, the market 
value of positions may not increase, and may in fact decrease, and this will be reflected in the net 
asset value per unit or share.
Investments made by the underlying funds can involve substantial risks. The nature of these 
investments means that the value of the fund units may fluctuate significantly during a day or over 
longer periods. Consequently, the performance of the fund units over a given period will not 
necessarily be indicative of future performance.
(c)
The use of leverage may increase the risk of loss in the value of the fund units
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of a fund or basket of funds in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 4 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Fund Linked Notes". 
The underlying fund(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms may use leverage techniques, in other 
words borrow amounts that represent more than 100% of the value of their assets to invest further in 
assets that involve additional risks. Accordingly, a small downward movement in the value of a 
fund's assets may result in a significantly larger loss for the underlying fund(s) and affect the market 
value of the the underlying fund(s) and of the Notes. As a result, Noteholders may (i) receive no 
interest or only receive a limited amount of interest and (ii) lose all or a substantial portion of their 
investment (including the capital invested).
(d)
Fund managers’ investments are not verified
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of a fund or basket of funds in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 4 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Fund Linked Notes". 
None of the Issuer or its affiliates are or will be responsible for verifying or ensuring that fund 
manages comply with ther stated trading strategies (including managers affiliated to the Issuer).

--- Page 37 ---
37.
WS0101.36205449.4
The underlying funds may invest in assets that involve further risks and such risks may not be fully 
disclosed at the time of investment by the relevant Issuer. The fund managers and/or the investment 
advisers to hedge funds may invest in and trade in a variety of financial instruments using 
sophisticated investment techniques for hedging and non-hedging purposes. Such financial 
instruments and investment techniques include, without limitation, leverage (i.e. borrowing money 
for investment purposes), short-selling of securities, the use of derivatives such as swaps, stock 
options, index options, futures contracts and options on futures, securities lending, repurchase and/or 
reverse repurchase agreements and investment in foreign securities and foreign currencies. 
Furthermore, hedge funds may borrow an amount of more than 100% of its assets to increase its 
leverage. While these investment strategies and financial instruments provide the fund managers 
and/or investment advisers with the flexibility to implement a range of strategies in an attempt to 
generate positive returns for the fund, they also involve the risk of significant losses that may 
adversely affect the underlying fund and therefore affect the market value of the Notes. As a result, 
Noteholders may (i) receive no interest or only receive a limited amount of interest and (ii) lose all 
or a substantial portion of their investment (including the capital invested).
(e)
Reliance on fund managers and/or investment advisers of the underlying fund(s)
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of a fund or basket of funds in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 4 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Fund Linked Notes". 
Investment in the Fund Linked Notes is speculative and involves substantial risks. The Early 
Redemption Amount and/or the Final Redemption Amount are based on changes in the value of the 
underlying fund(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms, which fluctuates and cannot be predicted. 
Moreover, anyone relying on the performance of the underlying fund(s) should note that such 
performance will depend to a considerable extent on the performance of the fund's managers and/or 
investment advisers. Neither the Issuer nor its subsidiaries are in a position to protect Noteholders 
against fraud or misrepresentation by fund managers or the investment advisers affiliated to the fund. 
Investors should understand that they could be materially adversely affected by any such acts. 
Noteholders do not have and are not entitled to any beneficial interests in the underlying fund(s) and 
as such, have no recourse against the underlying fund(s), any investment adviser or manager either 
contractually or statutorily. Furthermore, as a practical matter, it may be difficult to bring an action, 
or to seek to enforce a judgment obtained in an action, against any of the above-mentioned entities. 
In addition, the fund managers and/or the investment advisers may be removed or replaced, the 
allocation of assets may vary from time to time and the various positions of the investments of the 
underlying fund(s) may be economically offsetting, all of which may affect the performance of the 
underlying fund(s) and therefore reduce the Early Redemption Amount and/or the Final Redemption 
Amount of the Notes. As a result, Noteholders may lose all or a substantial portion of their 
investment (including the capital invested).
(f)
Net Asset Value
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of a fund or basket of funds in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 4 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Fund Linked Notes". 
The market value of the Notes is likely to depend substantially on the then current net asset value of 
the underlying fund(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. If an investor chooses to sell its Notes, 
such investor may receive substantially less than the amount that would be payable at any relevant 
payment date based on that net asset value because of, for example, possible market expectations 
that the net asset value of the underlying fund(s) will continue to fluctuate between such time and 
the time when the final net asset value of the underlying fund(s) is determined. Political, economic 
and other developments that affect the investments underpinning the underlying fund(s) may also

--- Page 38 ---
38.
WS0101.36205449.4
affect the net asset value of the underlying fund(s) and, thus the value of the of the underlying fund(s) 
and of the Notes. As a result, Noteholders may (i) receive no interest or only receive a limited amount 
of interest and (ii) lose all or a substantial portion of their investment (including the capital invested).
(g)
No ownership rights in any underlying funds 
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of a fund or basket of funds in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 4 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Fund Linked Notes".
An investment in the Notes does not entitle Noteholders to any ownership interest or rights in any 
underlying fund(s), such as voting rights or rights to any payments made to investors in the 
underlying fund(s). Instead, a Note represents a notional investment in the underlying fund(s). The 
term "notional" is used because although the value of the underlying fund(s) will be used to calculate 
payments under the Notes, the investment in the Notes will not be used to purchase interests in the 
underlying fund(s) on behalf of the holders of the relevant Notes.
The Issuer, or any subsidiary of the Issuer, may purchase interests in the underlying fund(s) in order 
to hedge its obligations under the Notes but it is under no obligation to do so. Such interests, if any, 
are the separate property of the Issuer or such subsidiary and do not secure, or in any event underpin, 
the Notes. Therefore, in the event of a failure by the Issuer to pay the Early or Final Redemption 
Amount under the Notes, the Noteholders will have no beneficial interest in or claim to any such 
interests in the underlying fund(s).
(h)
Risks associated with the occurrence of Fund Disruption Events
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of a fund or basket of funds in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 4 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Fund Linked Notes". 
The occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event (as defined in section entitled "Technical Annex 4 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Fund Linked Notes") in respect of such Notes may lead to (i) 
adjustment(s) to all or any Funds, Units of the Fund and/or any of the other terms of these Terms 
and Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms, (ii) the substitution of the affected Fund (including, 
if no alternative fund can be determined, with an index selected by the Calculation Agent) or (iii) the 
early redemption of the Notes. Any of these consequences is likely to have an adverse effect on the 
value and liquidity of the Notes and/or the return a Noteholder can expect to receive on their 
investment.
Inflation Index Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of one or more inflation index/indices in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 
5.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical 
Annex 1 Supplemental Terms Applicable to Inflation Index Linked Notes".
Noteholders should be aware that depending on the terms and conditions of the Inflation Index 
Linked Notes (i) they may receive no interest or only receive a limited amount of interest (in 
particular if Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event are specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms), (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time than expected (in particular 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), and 
(iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment (including the capital invested). 
Further, changes in the level of the inflation index/indices may be subject to significant fluctuations 
that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of

--- Page 39 ---
39.
WS0101.36205449.4
changes in any relevant inflation index/indices may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the level of 
an inflation index or the result of a formula, the greater the effect on yield.
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable is determined in conjunction with a rate multiplier 
greater than one, or by reference to any other leverage factor, the impact of any movements in the 
level of the inflation index/indices on the principal or interest payable is likely to be magnified.
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and depend on the residual term to maturity and the 
volatility of the level of the inflation index/indices. Inflation index levels may be affected by 
economic, financial and political events occurring in one or more countries.
Commodity Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the price or fluctuations in the price of commodities and/or commodity indices in 
accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented 
by the section entitled "Technical Annex 5 Supplemental Terms Applicable to Commodity Linked 
Notes". An investment in Commodity Linked Notes may involve market risks similar to those of a 
direct investment in the relevant commodities, and potential investors should therefore take 
appropriate advice. Noteholders should be aware that depending on the terms and conditions of the 
Commodity Linked Notes (i) they may receive no interest or only receive a limited amount of interest 
(in particular if Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event are specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms), (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time than expected (in particular 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), and 
(iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment (including the capital invested). 
Further, changes in the price of the commodity and/or level of the commodity index may be subject 
to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other 
indices and the timing of changes in the price of the commodity and/or level of the commodity index 
may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
In general, the earlier the change in the price of the relevant commodity and/or level of the relevant 
commodity index, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable is determined in conjunction with a rate multiplier 
greater than one, or by reference to any other leverage factor, the impact of any movements in the 
the price of the relevant commodity and/or level of the relevant commodity index on the principal 
or interest payable is likely to be magnified.
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and depend on the residual term to maturity and 
volatility of the price of the relevant commodity and/or level of the relevant commodity index. The 
price of the relevant commodity and/or level of the relevant commodity index may also be affected 
by economic, financial and political events occurring in one or more countries, including factors 
affecting the exchanges or quotation systems on which such commodities or components of such 
commodity indices may be traded.
Exchange Rate Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of which the amount of principal and/or interest payable 
depends on the level of one or more exchange rates in accordance with Conditions 1.1 and 5.3 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as supplemented by the section entitled "Technical Annex 5 
Supplemental Terms Applicable to Exchange Rate (FX) Linked Notes". Noteholders should be 
aware that depending on the terms and conditions of the Exchange Rate Linked Notes (single 
exchange rate or basket of exchange rates) (i) they may receive no interest or only receive a limited 
amount of interest (in particular if Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event are specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms), (ii) payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time than 
expected (in particular if Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the relevant

--- Page 40 ---
40.
WS0101.36205449.4
Final Terms), and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment (including the 
capital invested). Further, changes in the level of the rate(s) of exchange may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the 
timing of changes in the rate(s) of exchange may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price, 
level or rate, as the case may be, of one or more rates of exchange, the greater the effect on yield.
If the amount of principal and/or interest payable is determined in conjunction with a rate multiplier 
greater than one, or by reference to any other leverage factor, the impact of any movements in the 
price, level or rate, as the case may be, of the rate(s) of exchange on the principal or interest payable 
is likely to be magnified.
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and depend on the residual term to maturity and 
volatility of the price, level or rate, as the case may be, of the relevant rate(s) of exchange. The level 
of the rate(s) of exchange may also be affected by economic, financial and political events occurring 
in one or more countries.
2.2
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer and legal risks
A brief presentation of certain credit and legal risks relating to the Notes is set forth below:
Credit Risk
An investment in the Notes involves taking a credit risk on the Issuer. The value of the Notes will 
depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the long-term 
debt of the Issuer is rated "A1 (stable outlook)" and its short-term debt is rated "P-1" by Moody’s 
and its long-term debt is rated "A+ (negative outlook)" and its short-term debt "F1" by Fitch). If the 
financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on the Noteholder could be 
significant because: (i) the Issuer may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under 
the Notes, (ii) the market value of the Notes may decrease, and (iii) investors may lose all or part of 
their investment.
The Notes may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity
Directive (EU) No. 2014/59 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014, 
establishing an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (the "BRRD" as amended by Directive (EU) No. 2019/879 dated 20 May 2019 
(which was implemented under French law by Ordinance No. 2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 
which entered into force on 28 December 2020) (the "BRRD Revision" and together with BRRD, 
"BRRD II"))) provides relevant resolution authorities (the "Relevant Resolution Authorities") 
with common tools and powers to address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard 
financial stability and minimize taxpayers’ exposure to losses.
The Relevant Resolution Authority may commence resolution proceedings in respect of an 
institution such as the Issuer and the Groupe BPCE when it determines that: 

the institution is failing or likely to fail; 

there is no reasonable prospect that another action will prevent the failure within a 
reasonable time; and 

a resolution measure is required, and a liquidation procedure would fail, to achieve the 
objectives of the resolution: (i) to ensure the continuity of critical functions, (ii) to avoid a 
significant adverse effect on the financial system, (iii) to protect public funds by minimizing 
reliance on extraordinary public financial support, and (iv) to protect client funds and assets, 
and in particular those of depositors.
All entities affiliated with the central institution of Groupe BPCE, such as the Issuer, benefit from a 
guarantee and solidarity mechanism, the aim of which, in accordance with Articles L.511-31, L. 512-

--- Page 41 ---
41.
WS0101.36205449.4
107, 5° and L.512-107-6 of the French Code monétaire et financier, is to ensure the liquidity and 
solvency of all affiliated entities and to organise financial solidarity throughout the Groupe BPCE. 
This financial solidarity is rooted in legislative provisions instituting a legal solidarity system 
requiring the central institution to restore the liquidity or solvency of struggling affiliates and/or of 
all Groupe BPCE’s affiliates, by mobilising if necessary up to all cash and cash equivalents and 
capital available to all contributing affiliates. As a result of this complete legal solidarity, one or 
more affiliates may not find itself subject to court-ordered liquidation, or be affected by resolution 
measures within the meaning of BRRD II, without all affiliates also being affected. 
In the event of court-ordered liquidation thus necessarily affecting all affiliates, the external creditors 
of all affiliates would be addressed identically according to their rank and in the order of the ranking 
of creditors, irrespective of their ties with any specific entity. 
Should any other entity of the Groupe BPCE need the support of the guarantee and solidarity 
mechanism, Banque Palatine could be required to provide, through the guarantee and solidarity 
mechanism, financial support to that entity and as a result could have its financial position and results 
materially negatively impacted. Please also refer to the risk factor entitled "Risks related to the 
structure of Groupe BPCE and the guarantee and solidarity mechanism".
After resolution proceedings are commenced, the Relevant Resolution Authority may use one or 
more of several resolution tools with a view to recapitalizing or restoring the viability of the 
institution.
Capital instruments may be written down or converted into equity or other instruments either in 
connection with and prior to the opening of a resolution proceeding, or in certain other cases without 
a resolution proceeding. The Relevant Resolution Authority may permanently write-down capital 
instruments or convert capital instruments into equity (or other instruments of ownership) at the point 
of non-viability of the Issuer or Groupe BPCE. Capital instruments for these purposes include 
common equity tier 1, additional tier 1 and tier 2 instruments. 
The powers provided to the Relevant Resolution Authority once a resolution procedure is initiated 
include the "Bail-in Tool", meaning the power to write down (including to zero) eligible liabilities 
of a credit institution (such as the Issuer) or its group in resolution (such as the Groupe BPCE), or to 
convert them to equity. Eligible liabilities include subordinated debt instruments not qualifying as 
capital instruments, senior unsecured debt instruments (such as the Notes) and other liabilities that 
are not excluded from the scope of the Bail-in Tool pursuant to the BRRD, such as non-covered 
deposits or financial instruments that are not secured or used for hedging purposes. 
Any write-down or conversion of capital instruments shall be effected in order of seniority, so that 
common equity tier 1 instruments are to be written down first, then additional tier 1 instruments are 
to be written down or converted to equity or other instruments, followed by tier 2 instruments. If the 
write-down or conversion of capital instruments is not sufficient to restore the financial health of the 
institution, the Bail-in Tool held by the Relevant Resolution Authority may be applied to write down 
or convert eligible liabilities, such as the Notes. The Bail-in Tool may also be applied to any 
liabilities that are capital instruments and that remain outstanding at the time the Bail-in Tool is 
applied. 
After a resolution proceeding is initiated and in addition to the Bail-in Tool, the Relevant Resolution 
Authority is provided with broad powers to implement other resolution tools with respect to failing 
institutions or, under certain circumstances, their groups. The powers of the Relevant Resolution 
Authorities include the total or partial sale of the issuing institution's business, the separation of 
assets, the replacement or substitution of the issuing institution as obligor in respect of the issuing 
institution's debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the 
maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments 
and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments and could result in 
the partial or total write-down or conversion to equity of the Notes issued by Banque Palatine). 
Alongside those resolution tools, the Relevant Resolution Authority can temporarily suspend any

--- Page 42 ---
42.
WS0101.36205449.4
payment obligation or delivery obligation under a contract entered into by the relevant entity, so long 
as the payment and delivery obligations and the provision of collateral continue to be performed. In 
addition, if Banque Palatine’s financial condition, or that of Groupe BPCE, deteriorates or is 
perceived to deteriorate, the exercise of these powers could cause the market value of the Notes 
issued by Banque Palatine to decline more rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such 
powers.
In accordance with BRRD II, if a resolution proceeding is opened in respect of the Issuer, holders of 
the Notes will not have the right to declare an event of default, to accelerate the maturity of the Notes, 
to modify the terms of the Notes or to exercise other enforcement rights in respect of the Notes so 
long as the Issuer continues to meet its payment obligations.
The taking of any action under BRRD II in relation to the Issuer could materially and adversely 
affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes and/or the ability 
of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. The exercise of any power under the BRRD 
or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, 
the price or value of their investment in the Notes, which could decline more rapidly than would be 
the case in the absence of such powers, and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under 
the Notes. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes.
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a proposal to adjust and further strengthen the 
EU’s existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance (CMDI) framework, with a focus on 
medium-sized and smaller banks (the "European Commission Proposal"). The final reform may 
have an impact on the current supervisory and resolution powers applicable to credit institutions 
(such as the Issuer and Groupe BPCE). If implemented as proposed, one element of the proposal 
would mean that senior preferred obligations will no longer rank pari passu with any deposits of the 
Issuer. Therefore, in the event of the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or if 
the Issuer were to be liquidated for any other reason, senior preferred obligations, if any, would rank 
junior in right of payment to the claims of all depositors of the Issuer and Groupe BPCE. As such, if 
the European Commission Proposal were to be implemented, there would be an increased risk of an 
investor in senior preferred obligations, if any, losing all or some of its investment. The European 
Commission Proposal, if implemented, may also lead to a rating downgrade for senior preferred 
obligations. In this respect, please also refer to the risk factor entitled “Banque Palatine must 
maintain high credit ratings or its business and profitability could be adversely affected". 
French insolvency law
The Issuer, being a credit institution having its registered office in France, may be subject to French 
insolvency law. Under French insolvency law, as amended by the newly enacted ordinance No 2021-
1193 dated 15 September 2021 implementing EU directive 2019/1023 of the European Parliament 
and the Council of 20 June 2019 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 (the "Ordinance"), in 
the event of a safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure 
(procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de 
redressement judiciaire) with a view to restructuring the Issuer’s indebtedness is opened in France 
with respect to the Issuer, the Noteholders shall be treated as Affected Parties (as defined below) to 
the extent their rights are impacted by the draft plan and assigned to a class of Affected Parties, 
provided (save in respect of an accelerated safeguard procedure) that the Issuer has more than 250 
employees and a net turnover of more than EUR 20 million, or, alternatively, a net turnover of more 
than EUR 40 million (assessed on aconsolidated basis) at the time of opening of the relevant 
procedure. Under these circumstances, the following provisions (including the cross-class cram 
down mechanism) would apply to the Noteholders. 
Under the Ordinance, are deemed to be Affected Parties and therefore entitled to vote on the draft 
plan (i) those creditors (including the Noteholders) whose pre-petition claims or rights are directly 
affected by the draft plan (such as the repayment terms of the Notes) (the "Affected Creditors") and 
(ii) those shareholders and holders of security granting access to the debtor’s share capital, provided

--- Page 43 ---
43.
WS0101.36205449.4
that their equity interests in the debtor, debtor’s bylaws or their rights are affected/amended by the 
draft plan (the "Equity Holders" and together with the Affected Creditors, the "Affected Parties")). 
They will be gathered in classes of Affected Parties reflecting a sufficient commonality of economic 
interests on the basis of objective and verifiable criteria set by the court-appointed administrator, 
which must at a minimum comply with the following conditions:

unsecured creditors and secured creditors benefiting from a security interest (sûreté réelle) over 
a debtor’s asset shall be split in different classes;

existing subordination agreements are to be complied with (to the extent they have been notified 
in due course by the Affected Parties to the court-appointed administrator);

Equity Holders form one or several distinct classes.
The draft safeguard plan prepared by the debtor, with the assistance of the court-appointed 
administrator, is submitted to the vote (at a two-third majority in value) of the classes of Affected 
Parties, which cannot propose their own competing plan in safeguard (as opposed to judicial 
reorganisation proceedings).
The contents of the draft plan remain flexible as was the case in the previous regime and may, inter 
alia, include a rescheduling, partial or total debt write-off, and/or debt-for-equity swaps. 
If the draft safeguard plan has been approved by each class of Affected Parties, the Court approves 
the plan after verifying that certain statutory protections to dissenting Affected Parties are complied 
with, including in particular (i) that the Affected Parties which share a sufficient commonality of 
interest within the same class are treated equally and proportionally to their claims or rights; (ii) that 
where certain Affected Parties (within one class) have voted against the draft plan, none of these 
Affected Parties is in a less favourable situation (as a result of the plan) than it would be in judicial 
liquidation, in the context of a court-ordered disposal plan or in the context of a better alternative 
solution if the plan was not approved; and (iii) as the case may be, that any new financing is necessary 
to implement the plan and does not unduly prejudice the Affected Parties’ interests. Once approved, 
the plan is binding on all parties.
The court can refuse to approve the plan if there is no reasonable prospect that it would enable the 
debtor to avoid cash-flow insolvency or ensure the sustainability of its business.
If the draft plan has not been approved by all classes of Affected Parties, such plan may (at the 
request of the debtor or of the court-appointed administrator subject to the debtor’s approval (or at 
the request of an Affected Party’s in judicial reorganisation proceedings only)) be imposed on the 
dissenting class(es) of Affected Parties subject to the satisfaction of certain statutory conditions 
(known as the "cross-clam cramdown mechanism") in addition to the afore-mentioned conditions, 
including in particular:

approval of the plan (i) by a majority of classes of Affected Parties comprising a class of 
creditors ranking above the unsecured creditors or, failing that, (ii) by one of the classes of 
Affected Parties entitled to vote, other than an Equity Holders class and any other class which 
one could reasonably assume, based on the enterprise value of the debtor assessed as a going 
concern, that it would not be entitled to any payment if the order of priority applicable in judicial 
liquidation or in the context of a court-ordered disposal plan were to be applied;

satisfaction in full by the same or equivalent means of the claims of the Affected Parties 
belonging to a dissenting class where a lower-ranking class is entitled to payment or to keep an 
interest (intéressement) under the draft plan (the "absolute priority rule"). By exception, at the 
debtor’s or the court-appointed administrator’s request (with the agreement of the debtor), the 
Court may decide to set aside the absolute priority rule if it is necessary to achieve the plan’s 
objectives and subject to the plan not overly prejudicing the rights and interests of the Affected 
Parties.
In light of the above, the dissenting vote of the Noteholders within their class of Affected Parties

--- Page 44 ---
44.
WS0101.36205449.4
may be overridden within the said class or by application of the cross-class cramdown mechanism.
The risk of having the Noteholders’ claims termed out for up to 10 years by the Court would only 
exist if no class of Affected Parties is formed in safeguard or judicial reorganisation proceedings, or 
in case no plan can be adopted following the class-based consultation process in judicial 
reorganisation (only).
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the General Meetings of Noteholders set out 
in Condition 11 (Representation of Noteholders) will not be applicable to the extent that they are not 
in compliance with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances.
The procedures, as described above, could have an adverse impact on the Noteholders seeking 
repayment in the event that the Issuer is to be subject to French insolvency proceedings and the 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.
Please refer to the risk factor "The Notes may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to 
equity" for a description of resolution measures which can be implemented under French law.
Limited events of default
The holders of Notes may only give notice that such Notes are immediately due and repayable in a 
limited number of events of default. Such events of default do not include, for example, a cross-
default of the Issuer’s other debt obligations. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations 
under the Notes, investors will have the right of acceleration of principal only in limited situations. 
Otherwise, the sole remedy available to holders of Notes for recovery of amounts owing in respect 
of any payment of principal or interest on the Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce 
such payment.
Therefore, the liquidity and market value of the Notes may be adversely affected and Noteholders 
who sell Notes on the secondary market could lose all or part of their investment.
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse, as defined in Condition 11 (Representation of 
Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
permit in certain cases defined majorities in respect of all Tranches of any Series to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend or were not represented and did not vote at 
the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and 
Noteholders who did not respond to, or rejected, a Written Decision. Noteholders may through 
Collective Decisions deliberate on any proposed amendment to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes subject to the limitations provided by French law. If a proposal is duly adopted through such 
a Collective Decision and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of Noteholders, this 
may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest
There are no Dealers appointed permanently in respect of the Programme. The Issuer may from time 
to time appoint one or more dealers in respect of any Tranches of Notes. All or some of the Dealers, 
if any, the Calculation Agent, the Replacement Rate Determination Agent and their respective 
affiliates have and/or may in the future engage, in investment banking, commercial banking and 
other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates and in relation to 
securities issued by any entity of Group BPCE. They have or may (i) engage in investment banking, 
trading or hedging activities including activities that may include prime brokerage business, 
financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters in connection with 
offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of Groupe BPCE or (iii) act as financial 
advisers to the Issuer or other companies of Groupe BPCE. In the context of these transactions, 
certain of such Dealers or the Calculation Agent or the Replacement Rate Determination Agent have

--- Page 45 ---
45.
WS0101.36205449.4
or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of Groupe BPCE. Where applicable, they 
have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions.
Each of the Issuer, the Dealers or the Calculation Agent or the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives 
which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be 
adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the Calculation Agent or the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent, if any, for a Tranche of Notes and the Noteholders, including with respect to 
certain discretionary determinations and judgements that such calculation agent may make pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Notes that may influence the amount receivable upon redemption 
of the Notes.
2.3
Risks related to the market of the Notes
Market value of the Notes
The market value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus, the long-term debt of the Issuer is rated "A1 (stable outlook)" and its short-
term debt is rated "P-1" by Moody’s and its long-term debt is rated "A+ (negative outlook)" and its 
short-term debt "F1" by Fitch) and by other additional factors including the value of reference assets 
or an index, in particular the volatility of the reference assets or index, dividends payable on 
securities comprised in the index, interest rates or market yields or residual term to maturity. 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and admit Notes on Euronext Paris and 
application may be made for the listing and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
If the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment 
obligations under the Notes, and investors may lose all or part of their investment.
The value of the Notes, reference assets or the index are dependent on interrelated factors, including 
economic, financial or political factors in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting the capital 
markets in general and Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or the exchanges on which 
the Notes, the reference assets, the securities comprised in the index or the index are traded. The 
price at which a Noteholder may sell its Notes prior to the scheduled maturity date may be 
substantially less than the Issue Price or purchase price paid by such holder. Historic prices for the 
reference assets or index should not be considered as an indication of future performance of such 
reference assets or index up to the maturity date of any Note.
Absence of a secondary market
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. Even 
if a secondary market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Although particular series of Notes 
may specify in the relevant Final Terms that they are expected to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris and/or any other Regulated Market in the European Economic Area, any particular Tranche of 
Notes may not be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Therefore, investors may 
not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes 
that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. This type of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary 
market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse affect on the market value of the Notes.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls

--- Page 46 ---
46.
WS0101.36205449.4
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor's 
Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate, as well as the availability 
of specified currency in which a Note is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal 
in respect of such Note. As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than expected, 
or no interest or principal. This may result in a significant loss on any capital invested from the 
perspective of a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency.

--- Page 47 ---
47.
WS0101.36205449.4
CONDITIONS RELATING TO THE ISSUER’S CONSENT TO USE THIS BASE PROSPECTUS
In connection with any offer of Notes in France and/or in any other EEA Member State ("Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdiction") which is not exempt from the requirement to publish a prospectus in 
accordance with Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation (a "Non-Exempt Offer"), the Issuer 
consents to the use of the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (the "Prospectus") in 
connection with a Non-Exempt Offer of any Note during the offer period (the "Offer Period"), in 
the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions specified in the relevant Final Terms and has considered the 
relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels identified under the 
"MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the applicable Final Terms, by:
(a)
subject to the conditions specified in the Final Terms, any financial intermediary authorised 
to make such offers under Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as 
amended, and which satisfies the conditions referred to (if any) in the relevant Final Terms; 
or
(b)
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the 
following conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and 
guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), from time to time, including, 
without limitation and in each case, the Rules relating to both the appropriateness or 
suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential 
investor; (b) complies with the restrictions set forth under section "Subscription and Sale" 
of this Base Prospectus which shall apply as if it were a Dealer; (c) considers the relevant 
manufacturer’s target market assessment and distribution channels identified under the 
"MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the relevant Final Terms; (d) ensures that 
any fee (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by such financial 
intermediary in relation to the offering or sale of Notes is fully and clearly disclosed to 
investors or potential investors; (e) holds all licenses, authorisations, approvals and 
consents required in connection with solicitation of interests in, or offers or sales of, the 
Notes under the Rules; (f) complies with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, 
anti-corruption and "know your client" rules (including, without limitation, taking 
appropriate steps, in compliance with such rules, to establish and document the identity of 
each potential Investor prior to initial investment in any Notes by the Investor), and will 
not permit any application for Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has 
any suspicions as to the source of the application monies; (g) retains investor identification 
records for at least the minimum period required under the applicable Rules and shall, if 
so requested, make such records available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or 
directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer(s) to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" rules applying to the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer(s); (h) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, 
authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; and (i) satisfies any further conditions 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, (in each case an "Authorised Offeror"). For the 
avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have any obligation to ensure 
that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and, therefore, 
neither the Dealer(s) nor the Issuer shall have any liability in this respect.
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the Final 
Terms, for the content of the Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") in such Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) to whom an offer of any Notes is made by any Authorised Offeror and 
where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given. However, neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any actions of any Authorised Offeror, including 
compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local 
regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer.

--- Page 48 ---
48.
WS0101.36205449.4
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) ending no later than the date falling 
12 months from the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF.
In the event that the Final Terms designate financial intermediary(ies) to whom the Issuer has given 
its consent to use the Prospectus during the Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to 
additional Authorised Offerors after the date of the relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, it will 
publish any new information in relation to such Authorised Offerors who are unknown at the time 
of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the publication of the relevant Final Terms on the website: 
https://www.palatine.fr/.
If the Final Terms specify that any financial intermediary may use the Prospectus during the 
Offer Period, any such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to 
publish on its website that it is using the Prospectus for the relevant Non-Exempt Offer with 
the consent of the Issuer and in accordance with the conditions attached thereto.
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of 
any Non-Exempt Offer by any person under any circumstances and no such person is permitted to 
use the Prospectus in connection with the offer of any Notes. Such offers are not made on behalf of 
the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors and neither the Issuer nor any of the 
Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person 
making such offers.
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do 
so, and offers and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in 
accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror 
and such Investor including as to price, allocations, settlement arrangements and expenses 
relating to taxes invoiced to the investor (the "Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer"). 
The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in 
connection with the offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms will not contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt 
Offer shall be provided to Investors by that Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-Exempt 
Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility 
or liability for such information or the consequences of its use by the relevant Investors.

--- Page 49 ---
49.
WS0101.36205449.4
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the information which are 
identified in the cross reference table below contained in the following documents which shall be 
incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus:
(a)
the 2022 annual financial report (the "2022 Financial Report") of the Issuer in English 
language which includes the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended 31 
December 2022, together with the explanatory notes and the related auditors reports; 
https://www.img.palatine.fr/app/uploads/sites/35/2023/05/15143826/banque-palatine-
financial-report-2022.pdf 
(b)
the 2021 annual financial report (the "2021 Financial Report") of the Issuer in English 
language which includes the consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended 31 
December 2021, together with the explanatory notes and the related auditors reports; 
https://www.img.palatine.fr/app/uploads/sites/35/2022/05/16152942/banque-palatine-
financial-report-2021.pdf
(c)
the sections "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of the following base prospectuses: 
(i)
the base prospectus dated 24 June 2022 (pages 51 to 98) (the "2022 EMTN 
Conditions");
https://www.img.palatine.fr/app/uploads/sites/35/2022/06/27103151/banque-palatine-
2022-base-prospectus.pdf
(ii)
the base prospectus dated 25 June 2021 (pages 48 to 80) (the "2021 EMTN 
Conditions");
https://www.img.palatine.fr/app/uploads/sites/35/2022/03/11162304/banque-palatine-
2021-base-prospectus.pdf
(iii)
the base prospectus dated 25 June 2020 (pages 47 to 80) (the "2020 EMTN 
Conditions" and together with the 2021 EMTN Conditions, the "EMTN Previous 
Conditions").
https://www.img.palatine.fr/app/uploads/sites/35/2022/03/11163405/banque-palatine-
update-2020-base-prospectus.pdf
For the sake of clarity, sections not identified in the table below shall not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and are either not relevant for the investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement contained in the documents incorporated by reference shall be modified or superseded 
for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. Any websites included in this Base Prospectus are for information purposes only 
and do not form part of the Base Prospectus.
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the 
information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
any information on the websites which appear in the documents incorporated by reference) refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.

--- Page 50 ---
50.
WS0101.36205449.4
For as long as any Notes are outstanding, all documents incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus may be obtained, free of charge at the registered office of the Issuer during normal 
business hours, and will be available on the website of the Issuer (www.palatine.fr) and on the 
following website : https://www.info-financiere.fr/pages/home/.
Cross Reference Table - Annex VI of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended
2022 
Financial 
Report
2021 
Financial 
Report
7. TREND INFORMATION
7.2 Information of any known trends
Page 6 to 18
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE 
ISSUER’S 
ASSETS 
AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL 
POSITION 
AND 
PROFITS 
AND 
LOSSES
11.1 Historical Financial Information
11.1.1 Audited historical financial information
Pages 61 to 176 Pages 62 to 182
11.1.6 Consolidated financial statements
Pages 61 to 176 Pages 62 to 182
11.3 Auditing of historical annual financial information
Pages 177 to 
186
Pages 183 to 
195 
11.3.1 a Where audit reports on the historical financial 
information have been refused by the statutory auditors 
or where they contain qualifications, modifications of 
opinion, disclaimers or an emphasis of matter, the 
reason must be given, and such qualifications, 
modifications, disclaimers or emphasis of matter must 
be reproduced in full.
Page 178
Page 184
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus for the 
purpose only of further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single Series with 
Notes already issued under the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. 
EMTN Previous Conditions
2022 EMTN Conditions
Pages 51 to 98
2021 EMTN Conditions
Pages 48 to 80
2020 EMTN Conditions
Pages 47 to 80
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 24 June 2022, 25 June 2021 and 
25 June 2020 respectively are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 51 ---
51.
WS0101.36205449.4
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant 
to the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended, the Issuer will prepare and make available, on 
(a) its website (www.palatine.fr) and (b) the AMF (www.amf-france.org), an appropriate supplement 
to this Base Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market of a Member State of the European Economic Area or 
offer to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area, shall constitute a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation.
In accordance with and pursuant to Articles 23.2 and 23.2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation, where 
the Notes are offered to the public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for 
Notes before any supplement is published have the right, exercisable within two working days after 
the publication of such supplement, to withdraw their acceptance provided that the new factor, 
mistake or inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose before the final 
closing of the offer to the public and the delivery of the Notes. The period may be extended by the 
Issuer or, if agreed to by the Issuer, the relevant Authorised Offeror(s). The applicable period and 
the final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 22 June 2024. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus 
in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply 
when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 52 ---
52.
WS0101.36205449.4
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following provisions constitute, together with (if relevant) the technical annex set forth on pages 
100 to 258 (the "Technical Annex") and the relevant Final Terms, the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") which shall apply to the Notes. All expressions beginning with a capital letter and 
which are not defined in these Conditions or in the Technical Annex (if relevant) shall have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References herein to "Articles" shall, unless the 
context requires otherwise, be to the numbered paragraphs below. References in the Conditions to 
"Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.
The Notes are issued by Banque Palatine (the "Issuer" or "Banque Palatine") by series (each a 
"Series"), on the same date or on different dates. The Notes of a single Series shall have identical 
terms and conditions (in all respects other than the issue date, issue price, the aggregate nominal 
amount and the first interest payment), the Notes of each Series being fungible. Each Series may be 
issued in tranches (each a "Tranche"), with the same issue date or different issue dates. The specific 
terms and conditions of each Tranche (including, but without limitation, the aggregate nominal 
amount, the issue price, the redemption amount and interest, if any, payable on such Notes), shall be 
determined by the Issuer and set forth in the final terms (the "Final Terms").
The Issuer shall act as fiscal agent in respect of the Notes (payment of accrued interest and 
redemption of amortized Notes). The Issuer in its capacity as fiscal agent and paying agent shall be 
referred to herein as the "Fiscal Agent" and the "Paying Agent" (such expression including the 
Fiscal Agent). A fiscal agency agreement (the "Fiscal Agency Agreement") in respect of the Notes 
may be entered into between the Issuer and any third party acting as fiscal agent and paying agent.
Whenever it may be necessary or required for a calculation agent to determine an amount or make 
any calculation or adjustment under a Tranche of Notes (including, but without limitation, under a 
Tranche of Underlying Linked Notes and/or Physical Redemption Notes and/or Floating Rate Notes 
(as defined below)) in accordance with the Conditions and the Technical Annex, a calculation agency 
agreement (the "Calculation Agency Agreement") in respect of the relevant Notes shall be entered 
into between the Issuer and any third party acting as calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent").
For the purposes of these Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in 
a member state of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), as defined in the Directive 2014/65/EU 
on markets in financial instruments, as amended.
1.
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
1.1
Form
The Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form.
Title to the Notes shall be evidenced by account entry, in accordance with Articles L. 211-3 
et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical 
documents of title to the Notes (including representative certificates (Certificats 
représentatifs) in accordance with Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier shall be issued in respect of the Notes.
The Notes shall be issued, at the option of the Issuer, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, either in bearer form (au porteur), entered in the books of Euroclear France (acting 
as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in 
registered form and, in such case, at the option of the relevant holder, either in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré), inscribed in the books of an Account Holder 
nominated by the relevant holder, or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur), entered in 
an account held by the Issuer or by a registration agent (specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 53 ---
53.
WS0101.36205449.4
Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent").
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, the Issuer may, in accordance with the provisions of Article 
L. 228-2 of the French Code de commerce, at any time request from the central depositary 
identification information of the Noteholders such as the name or the company name, 
nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as the case may be, 
e-mail address of holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form.
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any intermediary 
authorised to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, and includes 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking 
S.A. ("Clearstream").
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes", "Zero Coupon Notes", "Underlying Linked Notes" (including "Underlying 
Linked Interest Notes" the interest in respect of which is calculated by reference to one 
or more Underlying(s) and "Underlying Linked Redemption Notes" the redemption of 
the principal of which is calculated by reference to one or more Underlying(s)), "Partly 
Paid Notes", "Physical Redemption Notes" or a combination thereof (in which case the 
Notes shall be called "Hybrid Notes"), depending on the Interest Basis and terms of 
redemption specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the purposes hereof, "Underlying" 
means a share in a company, any other equity security or security other than an equity 
security, index, currency, exchange rate, interest rate, dividend, fund unit, an investment 
company share or forward contract as specified in the relevant Final Terms, a basket of 
any of the above, or any formula or combination thereof, as more fully described in the 
Technical Annex.
Any reference in these Conditions to "Physical Redemption Notes" means any Tranche 
of Notes specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, provided however that in respect of 
such Notes the amount of principal and/or interest is payable by reference to one or more 
Underlying(s) and/or the amount calculated by reference to the number of Underlying(s) 
plus or minus any amount payable to the relevant Noteholder (the "Physical Redemption 
Amount") is deliverable and/or settled in accordance with the conditions specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
1.2
Denominations
The Notes of a single Series shall be issued in the specified denomination as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Denomination"), provided that there may only be one single 
Denomination per Series.
1.3
Title
Title to bearer and administered registered Notes is transferred, and the transfer of such 
Notes shall only take effect, by registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account 
Noteholders. Title to fully registered Notes is transferred, and the transfer of such Notes 
shall only take effect, by registration of the transfer in the accounts held by the Issuer or 
the Registration Agent.
Subject to any judicial or administrative decision rendered by a competent jurisdiction or 
to any applicable laws or regulations, the Noteholder (as defined below), shall be deemed, 
under all circumstances, to be the sole owner and may be treated as such, whether or not 
such Note has matured, irrespective of any declaration of ownership, any rights over such 
Note and without any liability attaching to any person for having treated the holder in such 
manner.

--- Page 54 ---
54.
WS0101.36205449.4
In these Conditions,
"Noteholder(s)" means the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant 
Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as holder of such 
Notes.
2.
CONVERSION AND EXCHANGE OF NOTES 
Notes issued in bearer form may not be converted into registered Notes, whether in fully 
registered or administered registered form.
Notes issued in registered form may not be converted into bearer form.
Notes issued in fully registered form may, at the option of the Noteholder, be converted 
into Notes in administered registered form and vice versa. Exercise of such option by the 
Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R. 211-4 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. Any costs relating to such conversion shall be borne by the relevant 
Noteholder.
3.
STATUS AND RANKING
The Notes constitute direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer (subject to Condition 4), and rank equally amongst themselves and (subject to 
mandatory exceptions under French law) equally with all other unsubordinated and 
unsecured debt present or future of the Issuer.
4.
NEGATIVE PLEDGE
So long as any Notes remain outstanding (as defined below), the Issuer shall not create or 
permit to subsist any mortgage over its real estate assets or rights that it does or may possess 
and shall not grant or permit to subsist any pledge over its business (fonds de commerce) 
to secure other obligations, unless the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, are secured 
equally and rateably therewith.
This obligation relates solely to issues of Notes by the Issuer and shall not prevent the 
Issuer from disposing of title to its property or granting any security over such property in 
any other circumstances.
For the purposes of this Condition:
"outstanding" means, in respect of the Notes of any Series, all Notes issued other than (a) 
Notes that have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) Notes in respect 
of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption amount (including 
interest accrued on such Notes up to the date of redemption and any interest payable after 
such date) has been duly paid in accordance with Condition 7, (c) Notes that have become 
void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) Notes that have been 
redeemed and cancelled pursuant to these Conditions.
5.
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
5.1
Definitions
In these Conditions, unless the context requires otherwise, the terms below shall have the 
following meanings:
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or

--- Page 55 ---
55.
WS0101.36205449.4
amended as at the Issue Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or 
amended as at the Issue Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Benchmark" means the benchmark rate EURIBOR, TEC10, CMS Rate, SOFR or €STR, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or any successor or replacement rate.
"Business Day" means a day which is both:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including foreign exchange transactions and 
currency deposits) in all Business Centres specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(b)
(i) in respect of any amount payable in a Specified Currency other than the Euro, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including foreign exchange transactions and currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the currency of the Specified Currency, 
(if this is not one of the Business Centres), or (ii) in respect of any amount payable 
in Euros, a day on which the Eurosystem's real-time gross settlement system (know 
as T2) ("T2 System"), or any successor system is operating 
"Day Count Fraction" means, for the purpose of calculating the amount of interest on any 
Note for a specific period (beginning on the first day (inclusive) of such period and ending 
on the last day (exclusive)) (whether or not such period is an Interest Period, hereafter the 
"Calculation Period"):
(a)
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/365 - FBF" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, this means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or if any portion of this Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in this Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(b)
if "Actual/Actual - ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
(i)
if the Calculation Period is of a duration equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period in which such Calculation Period falls, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in one year; and
(ii)
if the Calculation Period is of a duration greater than one (1) Determination 
Period, the sum of:
(x)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period during which such Calculation Period begins, 
divided by the product of (a) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (b) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in one year, and 
(y)
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period, divided by the product of (a) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (b) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in one year,

--- Page 56 ---
56.
WS0101.36205449.4
where, in each case, "Determination Period" means the period commencing 
on an Interest Determination Date (inclusive) in any year and ending on the 
next Interest Determination Date (exclusive) and "Interest Determination 
Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms, or if none is 
specified, the Interest Payment Date;
(c)
if "Actual/Actual - FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days in such period and whose denominator is 
365 (or 366 if 29th February is included in the Calculation Period). If the Calculation 
Period is of a duration greater than one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated as 
follows:
(x)
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the 
Calculation Period,
(y)
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period, 
calculated as described in the first paragraph of this definition;
(d)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365;
(e)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360;
(f)
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (in other words, the 
number of days to be calculated based on a year of 360 days comprising twelve (12) 
months of thirty (30) days each (unless (a) the last day of the Calculation Period is 
the 31st day of a month and the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than 
the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month comprising the last day 
shall not be shortened to a month of thirty (30) days or (b) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month 
of February shall not be lengthened to a month of thirty (30) days));
(g)
if "30/360 - FBF" or "Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, this means, for each Calculation Period, the fraction whose 
denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of days calculated in 
accordance with the 30E/360 – FBF basis, except:
where the last day of the Calculation Period is a 31st and the first day is neither a 
30th nor a 31st, the last month of the Calculation Period is deemed to be a month of 
thirty one (31) days,
using the same definitions as those set forth below for 30E/360 FBF, the fraction is:
if dd2 = 31 and dd1 # (30, 31),
then:
1
360 ×  [(yy2 - yy1) ×  360 +  (mm2 - mm1) ×  30 +  (dd2 - dd1)]
if not
1
360 ×  [(yy2 - yy1) ×  360 +  (mm2 - mm1) ×  30 +  Min(dd2,30) -  Min(dd1,30)]

--- Page 57 ---
57.
WS0101.36205449.4
(h)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated based on a year of 360 days comprising twelve (12) months of thirty (30) 
days, ignoring the date on which the first or the last day of the Calculation Period 
falls, unless, in the case of a Calculation Period ending on a Maturity Date, the 
Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of 
February shall not be extended to a month of thirty (30) days); and
(i)
if "30E/360 - FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, this means, for each 
Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is 
the number of days during such period, calculated on the basis of a year of twelve 
(12) months of thirty (30) days, except:
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, 
the number of days during such month is the actual number of days,
where:
D1 (dd2, mm1, yy1) is the period commencement date 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the period end date
the fraction is:
1
360 ×  [(yy2 - yy1) ×  360 +  (mm2 - mm1) ×  30 +  Min(dd2,30) -  Min(dd1,30)]
"Effective Date" means, in respect of a Floating Rate to be determined on any Interest 
Determination Date, the date specified in the relevant Final Terms, or, if no such date is 
specified, the first day of the Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination 
Date relates.
"Eurozone" means the region comprising the Member States of the European Union which 
have adopted the single currency.
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set forth in the 2013 version of the FBF Master 
Agreement relating to forward financial instruments, as may be supplemented by FBF 
Technical Schedules (additifs techniques), as published by the Fédération Bancaire 
Française (together, the "FBF Master Agreement").
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period commencing on the Interest Commencement 
Date (inclusive) and ending on the first Interest Period Date (exclusive) and each 
successive period commencing on an Interest Period Date (inclusive) and ending on the 
next Interest Period Date (exclusive).
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable for a particular period and, in 
the case of Fixed Rate Notes, the Fixed Coupon Amount or the Broken Amount, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or any other date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of a Rate of Interest and an Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such date is 
specified, (i) the day falling two (2) Business Days before the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is the Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is pounds Sterling or (iii) if the Specified

--- Page 58 ---
58.
WS0101.36205449.4
Currency is neither pounds Sterling nor the Euro, the day falling two (2) Business Days in 
the city specified in the relevant Final Terms for the Specified Currency before the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period.
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Interest Period" means the period commencing on the Interest Commencement Date 
(inclusive) and ending on the first Interest Payment Date (exclusive) and each successive 
period commencing on an Interest Payment Date (inclusive) and ending on the next Interest 
Payment Date (exclusive).
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date, unless specified otherwise in 
the relevant Final Terms.
"Local time" means, in the case of Europe and the Eurozone as Relevant Financial Centre, 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time).
"Maximum Rate of Interest" and "Minimum Rate of Interest" have the respective 
meanings given in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may be.
"Rate of Interest" means the interest rate applicable from time to time in respect of the 
Notes that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions, as completed by the relevant Final Terms.
"Reference Banks" means the entities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
no such entity is specified, four prime banks selected by the Calculation Agent on the 
interbank market (or if appropriate, the money market, the swaps market, or the OTC index 
options market) most closely associated with the Benchmark (which, if the relevant 
Benchmark is EURIBOR or €STR, shall be the Eurozone, and if the Benchmark is CMS 
Rate, shall be the swap market of the Relevant Financial Centre). 
"Relevant Date" means in respect of any Note, the date on which any payment to be made 
on such Notes becomes due and payable or (if any amount due is not paid or payment is 
improperly withheld) the date on which any outstanding amount is paid in full.
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, in respect of a Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the 
financial centre specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no financial centre is 
specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark is most closely 
associated (which in the case of EURIBOR or €STR, shall be the Eurozone, and if the 
Benchmark is CMS Rate, shall be the swap market of the Relevant Financial Centre) or, 
failing which, Paris.
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to the Specified Duration as from the Effective Date (if such 
period is applicable to, or compatible with, the Benchmark).
"Relevant Time" means, in respect of any Interest Determination Date, the local time in 
the Relevant Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, 
the local time in the Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid 
and offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in such 
Relevant Financial Centre. 
"Representative Amount" means in respect of any Floating Rate to be determined in 
accordance with Screen Rate Determination on any Interest Determination Date, the 
amount specified as such on such date in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the time.

--- Page 59 ---
59.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Screen Page" means any page, section, heading, column or other part of a document 
provided by an information service as may be specified for the purpose of providing a 
Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, heading, column or other part of a document of 
such information service, or any other replacement information service, in each case as 
may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information 
appearing on such service, for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to that 
Relevant Rate.
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated.
"Specified Duration" means, in respect of a Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with Screen Rate Determination on any Interest Determination Date, the period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, or if no period is specified, a period equal to the Interest 
Accrual Period, without any adjustments under Condition 5.3(b).
5.2
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note shall bear interest calculated on its outstanding nominal amount, 
from the Interest Commencement Date, at an annual rate (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date.
If a fixed coupon amount ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a reduced coupon amount (being 
calculated by reference to a shorter than normal interest period) ("Broken Amount") is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date shall be equal to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken 
Amount so specified and, in the case of a Broken Amount, it shall be payable on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.
5.3
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Underlying Linked Notes
(a) Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and each Underlying Linked 
Note shall bear interest calculated on its outstanding nominal amount, from the 
Interest Commencement Date, at an annual rate (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Rate of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
Such Interest Payment Date(s) shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
Scheduled Interest Payment Date(s) or, if no Scheduled Interest Payment Date is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date 
which falls at the end of such number of months or other period as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being the Interest Period, after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.
(b)Business Day Convention: if a date specified in these Conditions, expressed to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention, does not 
fall on a Business Day, and the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the 
relevant Final Terms is (A) "Floating Rate Business Day Convention", such date 
shall be postponed until the next following Business Day, unless such day would 
fall in the next calendar month, in which case (x) such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent payment date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen 
had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) "Following Business Day Convention", 
such date shall be postponed until the next following Business Day, (C) "Modified 
Following Business Day Convention", such date shall be postponed until the next 
following Business Day, unless such day falls in the next calendar month, in which 
case such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day,

--- Page 60 ---
60.
WS0101.36205449.4
or (D) "Preceding Business Day Convention", such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the above, if the 
relevant Final Terms specify that the applicable Business Day Convention is "non 
adjusted", the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be adjusted pursuant to 
any Business Day Convention.
(c) Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest applicable to 
Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in 
accordance with the method set forth below for FBF Determination, ISDA 
Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending on the option specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.
(i)
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
the applicable method for determining the Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Agent 
as being a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate, plus or minus, as the case may 
be (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Margin. For the purposes of 
this sub-paragraph (i), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate as would be determined by the Agent for a 
swap transaction entered into in the Specified Currency and incorporating the 
FBF Definitions under the terms of which:
(A)
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
(B)
the Floating Rate Determination Date is as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), "Floating Rate", "Agent" and 
"Floating Rate Determination Date" shall have the meanings ascribed 
thereto in the FBF Definitions.
(ii)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
(1) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being the applicable method for determining the Rate of Interest, and 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as being a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate, 
plus or minus, as the case may be (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), the Margin. For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii)(1), the 
"ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate as would be determined by the Calculation Agent for a 
Swap Transaction entered into under an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions and under the terms of which:
(A)
the "Floating Rate Option" is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
(B)
the "Designated Maturity", if applicable, is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;
(C)
the relevant "Reset Date" is the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period or any other date specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii)(1), "Floating Rate",

--- Page 61 ---
61.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated 
Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the 
meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA Definitions.
If the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" in the relevant Final 
Terms provides that the Rate of Interest will be determined by 
linear interpolation in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Accrual Period will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by linear interpolation 
between two (2) rates of interest based on the relevant Floating 
Rate, provided that the first rate of interest corresponds to a 
maturity immediately inferior to the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and the second rate corresponds to a maturity 
immediately superior to the same relevant Interest Accrual Period.
(2) Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" is pecified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus 
(as indiacted in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii)(2), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under 
the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and 
under which :
(A)
the "Floating Rate Option" is as specified in the relevant Final 
Term;
(B)
the "Designated Maturity", if applicable, is a period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;
(C)
the relevant "Reset Date" is the first day of that Interest Accrual 
Period or such other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
(D)
the relevant "Fixing Day" is the date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions;
(E)
the "Effective Date" is, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Interest Commencement Date; 
(F)
the "Termination Date" is, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period; 
(G)
the relevant "Calculation Period" is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions for which purpose references to "Effective 
Date" and "Period End Date" (in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall 
be deemed to be to, respectively, the Issue Date and any last day 
of the last occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these 
Conditions); and 
(H)
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an

--- Page 62 ---
62.
WS0101.36205449.4
Overnight Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms:
-
notwisthstanding sub-paragraph (C) above, the relevant 
Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms; 
-
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, and if so, the applicable number of 
days is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if 
no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, five 
(5); 
-
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms;
-
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, the 
“Lookback” is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, 
or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, 
the number specified as the “Lookback” for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) 
if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, five (5);
-
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, and if 
so, Set in Advance will be applicable if specified as such 
in the Final Terms, “Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Day” is as specified in the Final Terms, and the 
“Observation Period Shift” is either (x) as specified in the 
Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in 
the Final Terms, the number specified as the 
“Observation Period Shift” for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
five (5); and
-
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, “Lockout 
Period Business Day” is as specified in the Final Terms 
and the “Lockout” is either (x) as specified in the Final 
Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the Final 
Terms, the number specified as the “Lockout” for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, or (z) if no such number is specified for the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5).
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii)(2), except as otherwise 
defined 
in 
such 
sub-paragraph, 
“Calculation 
Agent”, 
“Compounding with Lockout”, “Compounding with Lookback”, 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, “Delayed 
Payment”, “Designated Maturity”, “Effective Date”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Floating Rate”, “Lockout Period Business Day”, 
“Lockout”, “Lookback”, “Observation Period Shift”, “OIS

--- Page 63 ---
63.
WS0101.36205449.4
Compounding”, “Overnight Floating Rate Option”, “Period End 
Date”, “Reset Date”, “Set in Advance” and “Swap Transaction” 
have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions. 
The provisions relating to “Linear Interpolation” set out in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where “2021 
ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. For such purpose, references to 
“Relevant Rate” under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be deemed 
to be references to the ISDA Rate.
(iii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the method to be used to determine the Rate of Interest and the Relevant Rate 
in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at (or about) the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance 
with the following:
(A)
if the Principal Source for the Floating Rate is a Screen Page, subject 
as provided below or (if applicable) in Condition 5.3(iii)(H) 
(Benchmark Discontinution), the Rate of Interest shall be:
I.
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Screen 
Page is a composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one 
entity), or
II.
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the institutions 
whose Relevant Rates appear on that Screen Page,
in each case as appearing on such Screen Page at the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any);
(B)
if the Principal Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if 
sub-paragraph (A)(I) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the 
Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
or if sub-paragraph (A)(II) applies and fewer than two Relevant Rates 
appear on the Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date then, subject as provided below, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that each of 
the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any);
(C)
if paragraph (B) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are quoting Relevant Rates, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the

--- Page 64 ---
64.
WS0101.36205449.4
Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest 
equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount in 
the Specified Currency that at least two out of five leading banks 
selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified Currency is 
the euro, in the Eurozone as selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
"Principal Financial Centre") are quoting at or about the Relevant 
Time on the date on which such banks would customarily quote such 
rates for a period commencing on the Effective Date and equivalent to 
the Specified Duration (I) to leading banks carrying on business in 
Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two of 
such banks are quoting such rates to leading banks in Europe) (II) to 
leading banks carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; it 
being understood that, if fewer than two such banks are quoting such 
rates to leading banks in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of 
Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (after adjustment for any difference between any 
Margin, Rate Multiplier, or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period);
(D)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the method to be used to determine the Rate of Interest and 
the Relevant Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as 
being CMS Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) in Condition 
5.3(iii)(H) (Benchmark Discontinution), be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:
CMS Rate + Margin
If the relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide it with its quotation for 
the Relevant Swap Rate at (or around) the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date. If at least three Reference Banks provide 
quotations to the Calculation Agent, the CMS Rate for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the highest quotations) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of 
equality, one of the lowest quotations).
If on any Interest Determination Date, less than three or none of the 
Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations 
as provided in the preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent on such commercial basis as 
considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent, in accordance with 
then prevailing standard market practice.
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (D):
"CMS Rate" means the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency with a maturity of the Specified Duration, 
expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Screen Page at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 65 ---
65.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Relevant Swap Rate" means where the Specified Currency is the 
Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis of the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro 
interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case 
calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) with a 
Designated Maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to then prevailing standard market practice and/or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions.
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(E)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the method to be used to determine the Rate of Interest and 
the Relevant Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as 
being TEC10, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following 
formula:
TEC 10 + Margin

"TEC 10" means the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the EUR-TEC10-CNO, calculated by the 
Comité de Normalisation Obligataire ("CNO"), which appears on 
the relevant Screen Page, being the caption "TEC10" on the Reuters 
Screen Page CNOTEC10 or any successor page, as at 10.00 a.m. 
Paris time on the relevant Interest Determination Date.

If, on any Interest Determination Date, TEC10 does not appear on 
the Reuters Screen Page CNOTEC or any successor page, (i) it shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the mid-
market prices for each of the two reference OAT (Obligation 
Assimilable du Trésor) that would have been used by the CNO to 
calculate the relevant rate, quoted in each case by five Spécialistes 
en Valeurs du Trésor (preferred counterparties of Agence France 
Trésor and the Caisse de la Dette Publique for all of their market 
activities, with responsibility for participating in auction sales, 
placing Trésor securities and providing liquidity in the secondary 
market) at approximately 10.00 a.m., Paris time, on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; (ii) the Calculation Agent will request 
each Spécialiste en Valeurs du Trésor to provide a quotation of its 
price; and (iii) TEC10 will be the redemption yield of the arithmetic 
mean of such prices as determined by the Calculation Agent after 
discarding the highest and lowest of such quotations. The above 
mentioned redemption yield shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula that would have been used by 
the CNO for the determination of the relevant rate.
For information purposes only, the EUR-TEC10-CNO, established in 
April 1996, is the percentage yield (rounded to the nearest second

--- Page 66 ---
66.
WS0101.36205449.4
decimal point, 0.005 per cent. being rounded upwards) of a notional 
10 year French Treasury Bond (Obligation Assimilable du Trésor, 
"OAT") corresponding to the linear interpolation between the yield to 
maturity of the two actual OATs (the "Reference OATs") whose 
periods to maturity are closest in duration to the notional 10 year OAT, 
one Reference OAT's duration being of less than 10 years and the other 
Reference OAT's duration being greater than 10 years.
(F)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Relevant Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified 
as being SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will be calculated in accordance with Condition 5.3(iii)(F)(I) or 
5.3(iii)(F)(II) below, subject to the provisions of Condition 
5.3(iii)(F)(IV) below.
I.
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being "SOFR Arithmetic Mean", the Rate of Interest 
will be the SOFR Arithmetic Mean plus or minus (as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded 
(if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards.
For the purpose of this Condition:
"SOFR Arithmetic Mean" means, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, the arithmetic mean of SOFR for each calendar 
day during such Interest Accrual Period, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent provided that, SOFR in respect of each 
calendar day during the period from (and including) the SOFR 
Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Interest 
Period Date will be SOFR on the SOFR Cut-Off Date. For these 
purposes, SOFR in respect of any calendar day which is not a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall, subject to the 
preceding provision, be deemed to be SOFR in respect of the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day.
"SOFR Cut-Off Date" means, unless specified as not applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the fourth U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to the next occurring Interest Period Date in such Interest 
Accrual Period (or such other number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms).
II.
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being "SOFR Compound", the Rate of Interest will be 
the Compounded Daily SOFR on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.
For the purpose of this Condition:

--- Page 67 ---
67.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest 
Accrual Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for each 
calendar day during the Interest Accrual Period, compounded 
daily, calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula:
(i)
if "SOFR Compound with Look-Back" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms:
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards.
Where:
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the number 
of calendar days in such Interest Accrual Period.
"d0" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period.
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period.
"SOFR Look-Back Period" or "p" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days.
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi, means the number of calendar days from (and including) 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi up to (but 
excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day.
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means, in respect of a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days equal to the SOFR Look-
Back Period prior to such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi ("pUSBD").
For the purposes of SOFR Compound with Look-Back, "Interest 
Determination Date" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual 
Period, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days before each Interest Payment Date.
(ii)
if "SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms:

--- Page 68 ---
68.
WS0101.36205449.4
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards.
Where:
"d" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of 
calendar days in such Observation Period.
"d0" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period.
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period;
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi, the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi up to (but excluding) 
the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day.
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling the 
number of Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period and ending on (but excluding) the date 
that is the number Observation Shift Days prior to the next 
occurring Interest Period Date in such Interest Accrual Period.
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, five U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days.
"SOFRi" means, in respect of each U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi, the SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi.
(iii)
if "SOFR Index with Observation Shift" is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms:
Where: 
"dc" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period.
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, two U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days.
"SOFR Index" means with respect to any U.S. Government

--- Page 69 ---
69.
WS0101.36205449.4
Securities Business Day, (i) the SOFR Index value as published 
by the NY Federal Reserve as such index appears on the NY 
Federal Reserve’s Website at the SOFR Determination Time; or 
(ii) if the SOFR Index specified in (i) above does not so appear, 
unless both a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred, the SOFR Index as published 
in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the SOFR Index was published on the 
NY Federal Reserve’s Website.
"SOFR IndexFinal" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the value of the SOFR Index on the date falling the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to 
the Observation Shift Days prior to the next occurring Interest 
Period Date in such Interest Accrual Period.
"SOFR IndexInitial" means, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the value of the SOFR Index on the date falling the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to 
the Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (or, in the case of the first Interest Accrual Period, the 
Interest Commencement Date).
III.
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 5.3(iii)(F)(III):
"Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page" means the Bloomberg 
screen designated "SOFRRATE" or any successor page or 
service;
"NY Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York;
"NY Federal Reserve’s Website" means the website of the NY 
Federal Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of 
any successor administrator of SOFR;
"Reuters Page USDSOFR=" means the Reuters page 
designated "USDSOFR=" or any successor page or service;
"SOFR" means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, in 
accordance with the following provisions:
(a) the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that appears at 
approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (the "SOFR 
Determination Time") on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website on 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as such rate is 
reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page for such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or, if no such rate is 
reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate that is reported on the Reuters 
Page USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is reported on the Reuters 
Page USDSOFR=, then the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
that appears at approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) 
on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; or

--- Page 70 ---
70.
WS0101.36205449.4
(b) if the rate specified in (a) above does not so appear and the 
Calculation Agent determines that a SOFR Transition Event and 
its related SOFR Replacement Date have not occurred, the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the NY Federal 
Reserve’s Website for the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate was published on the NY Federal Reserve’s 
Website; and
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the 
fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.
Notwithstanding paragraphs (i) to (iii) above, if the Calculation 
Agent determines on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time, 
that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the relevant SOFR 
Benchmark (as defined below), then the provisions set forth in 
Condition 6.2.3(d)(iv) below will apply to all determinations of 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period thereafter.
IV.
SOFR Replacement Provisions
If the Calculation Agent, failing which the Issuer, determines at 
any time prior to the SOFR Determination Time on any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day that a SOFR Transition 
Event and the related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred, 
the Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the "Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent") which will determine the SOFR 
Replacement. The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may 
be (i) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency as appointed 
by the Calculation Agent, (ii) an affiliate of the Calculation 
Agent or (iii) such other entity that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be competent to carry out such role.
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent will determine 
appropriate SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes.
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent or Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as 
the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will (in the 
absence of manifest error) be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders.
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent may subsequently determine that a SOFR 
Transition Event and a related SOFR Replacement Date have 
occurred in respect of such SOFR Replacement, provided that 
the SOFR Benchmark has already been substituted by the SOFR 
Replacement and any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes 
in connection with such substitution have been applied. In such 
circumstances, the SOFR Replacement shall be deemed to be the 
SOFR Benchmark and all relevant definitions shall be construed 
accordingly.

--- Page 71 ---
71.
WS0101.36205449.4
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, the 
following definitions shall apply:
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would 
apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor;
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
to be effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event 
with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the 
SOFR Benchmark means (i) if the SOFR Benchmark is SOFR, 
the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the SOFR Benchmark 
is not SOFR, the time determined by the Replacement Rate 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer after 
giving effect to the SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes;
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve 
(as defined above) or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor thereto;
"SOFR Benchmark" means initially (a) (unless SOFR 
Compound: SOFR Index with Observation Shift is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) SOFR or (b) SOFR Index (each as 
defined in Condition 6.2.3(d)(iii) above), provided that if a 
SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the SOFR or SOFR Index or the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark, then "SOFR Benchmark" means 
the applicable SOFR Replacement;
"SOFR Replacement" means any one (or more) of the SOFR 
Replacement Alternatives to be determined by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR Replacement Date if 
the Calculation Agent, failing which the Issuer, determines that 
a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement 
Date have occurred on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time 
in respect of any determination of the SOFR Benchmark on any 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in accordance with:
(a)
the order of priority specified in the relevant Final Terms 
("SOFR Replacement Alternatives Priority"); or
(b)
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance with 
the priority set forth below:
(i)
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement;
(ii)
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and
(iii)
Industry Replacement,
Provided, in each case, that, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement

--- Page 72 ---
72.
WS0101.36205449.4
Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the each subsequent SOFR 
Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is 
determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and each subsequent Interest Accrual Period, 
subject to the occurrence of a subsequent SOFR Transition Event 
and related SOFR Replacement Date;
"SOFR Replacement Alternatives" means:
(a)
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment (the "Relevant Governmental 
Body Replacement");
(b)
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement 
Adjustment 
(the 
"ISDA 
Fallback 
Replacement"); or
(c)
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the 
then- current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate securities at such time and (ii) 
the SOFR Replacement Adjustment (the "Industry 
Replacement");
"SOFR Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative 
set forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the applicable 
SOFR Replacement Date:
(a)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for 
the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement;
(b)
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or
(c)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) determined by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time;
"SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with 
respect to any SOFR Replacement, any technical, administrative 
or operational changes (including, but not limited to, changes to

--- Page 73 ---
73.
WS0101.36205449.4
timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each 
interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business day convention 
and other administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that adoption of any portion of 
such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no 
market practice for use of the SOFR Replacement exists, in such 
other manner as the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is 
reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner);
"SOFR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):
(a)
in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of 
"SOFR Transition Event" the later of (i) the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the 
SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or
(b)
in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of "SOFR 
Transition Event" the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein; or
(c)
in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such consecutive 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which the 
SOFR Benchmark has not been published,
provided that, in the event of any public statements or 
publications of information as referenced in sub-paragraphs (a) 
or (b) above, should such event or circumstance referred to in 
such a public statement or publication occur on a date falling 
later than three months after the relevant public statement or 
publication, the SOFR Transition Event shall be deemed to occur 
on the date falling three months prior to such specified date (and 
not the date of the relevant public statement or publication).
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, 
the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination.
"SOFR Transition Event" means the occurrence of any one or 
more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof):
(a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the

--- Page 74 ---
74.
WS0101.36205449.4
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant);
(b)
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Relevant 
Rate (or such component, if relevant), the central bank for 
the currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
SOFR (or such component, if relevant) or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over 
the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, 
if 
relevant), 
which 
states 
that 
the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant);
(c)
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing 
that the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) is no longer representative, the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has been or 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use has been 
or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Notes; or
(d)
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its administrator 
(or a successor administrator) for six consecutive U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days; and
"Unadjusted 
SOFR 
Replacement" 
means 
the 
SOFR 
Replacement prior to the application of any SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment.
Any replacement of SOFR, as specified above, will remain 
effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and 
shall be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.
(G)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and the Relevant Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified 
as being €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 75 ---
75.
WS0101.36205449.4
where the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards.
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) 
has occurred, the €STR for such Business Day shall be the rate equal 
to €STR in respect of the last Business Day for which such rate was 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank.
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for 
each Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate.
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end 
of the first Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each Business Day 
in the relevant Observation Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the Modified EDFR. 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date subsequently 
occur, then the rate of €STR for each Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate 
Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
€STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective 
for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published 
by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) 
the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
if the rate of €STR for each Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were 
references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR

--- Page 76 ---
76.
WS0101.36205449.4
is published on a later date than the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR. 
For the purpose of this paragraph (c):
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;
"do" is the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;
"ECB Recommended Rate" means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose 
of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced 
by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined 
by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent;
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events, as determined by 
the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent:
a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that 
it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or
b)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
the central bank for the currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate;
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, 
in respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the 
first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, 
as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation 
Agent;
"ECB €STR Guideline" means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the 
European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate 
(€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time;

--- Page 77 ---
77.
WS0101.36205449.4
"EDFR" means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the 
deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with 
the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank and the 
national central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank;
"EDFR Spread" means:
a)
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of 
the first Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index 
Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily 
difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 
Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the €STR 
Index Cessation Event occurred; or
b)
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the 
arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 Business 
Days immediately preceding the date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred;
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, the interest rate 
representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of 
banks located in the Euro area provided by the European Central Bank 
as administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator) and 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined 
below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro 
short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the 
ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such 
revised interest rate) on the Business Day immediately following such 
Business Day;
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the €STR for the Business Day falling "p" 
Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day "i";
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of 
the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the 
Issuer to the Calculation Agent:
a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of 
the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of 
€STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide €STR; or
b)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the 
currency of €STR, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of €STR, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease 
to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the

--- Page 78 ---
78.
WS0101.36205449.4
time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR;
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR 
Index Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer 
provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator 
of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent;
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but 
excluding, the Interest Payment Date corresponding to such Interest 
Accrual Period;
"Modified EDFR" means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the 
EDFR Spread;
"ni" for any Business Day "i" is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the 
immediately following Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period;
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;
"Observation Period" means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from and including the date falling "p" Business Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first 
Observation Period shall begin on and include the date falling "p" 
Business Days prior to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, 
but excluding, the date falling "p" Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" 
Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable);
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; and
"Website of the European Central Bank" means the website of the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
currently 
at 
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html or any successor 
source officially designated by the European Central Bank.
(H)
Benchmark Discontinuation
Where Screen Rate Determination is Specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate 
at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for 
any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following 
provisions shall apply and prevail over other fallbacks specified in 
Condition 5.3 and shall not apply to Floating Rate Notes which 
reference TEC10, SOFR or €STR.
I.
Independent Adviser

--- Page 79 ---
79.
WS0101.36205449.4
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5.3(iii)(H)(II)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 
5.3(iii)(H)(III)) and any Benchmark Amendments, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5.3(iii)(H)(IV)).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5.3(iii)(H) shall act in as an expert and (in the absence of manifest 
error or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent or any 
other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.3(iii)(H).
II.
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser determines that:
(a)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5.3(iii)(H)(IV)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) 
of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for 
all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5.3(iii)(H)); or 
(b)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 5.3(iii)(H)(IV)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 5.3(iii)(H)).
III.
Adjustment Spread
If the Independent Adviser, determines (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or 
a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).
IV.
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5.3(iii)(H) and the 
Independent Adviser determines (A) that amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation,

--- Page 80 ---
80.
WS0101.36205449.4
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business 
Days or relevant Screen Page) are strictly necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (B) the relevant terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 5.3(iii)(H)(V), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in 
such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this 
Condition 5.3(iii)(H), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading.
V.
Notices, etc.
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the 
Independent Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 15, the Noteholders, promptly of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and of the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under 
this Condition 5.3(iii)(H). Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
binding and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified 
in such notice will (in the absence of manifest error in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest, 
the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
VI.
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions 
of this Condition 5.3(iii)(H), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.3(iii) will continue 
to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the 
Rate of Interest has been notified of the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and of any Adjustment 
Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments.
VII.
Fallbacks
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation 
to the determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately 
following Interest Determination Date, no Independent Adviser 
has been appointed or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the fallback 
provisions relating to the Original Reference Rate specified in

--- Page 81 ---
81.
WS0101.36205449.4
condition 5.3(iii) will continue to apply to such determination.
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), 
at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this 
Condition 5.3(iii)(H), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions 
until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any 
associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) 
has been determined and notified in accordance with this 
Condition 5.3(iii)(H) (and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in 
these Terms and Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the fallbacks specified in Condition 5.3(iii), will continue to apply 
in accordance with their terms). This may result in the Rate of 
Interest for the immediately preceding Interest Period being the 
Rate of Interest for the Interest Period in question.
VIII.
Definitions
In this Condition 5.3(iii)(H):
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be 
positive or negative), or the formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines in accordance with customary market usage 
in the international debt capital market for such Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate and which is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to 
reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in 
the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which:
(a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, 
or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in 
relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; 
(b)
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (a) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor 
Rate); or
(c)
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or 
made available), or the Independent Adviser determines 
there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Independent Adviser 
determines to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Rate" means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an

--- Page 82 ---
82.
WS0101.36205449.4
alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 5.3(iii)(H) 
and which is customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest 
period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes. 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original 
Reference Rate:
(a)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be 
published; 
(b)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, 
on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference 
Rate 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely 
(in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) months 
prior to the specified date referred to in (b)(i);
(c)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate has been permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; 
(d)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified 
date, 
be 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior 
to the specified date referred to in (d)(i); 
(e)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means 
the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case within the following six (6) 
months; 
(f)
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as amended (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"), if applicable);
(g)
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or 
registration pursuant to Article 35 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has 
been adopted; or

--- Page 83 ---
83.
WS0101.36205449.4
(h)
that the making of a public statement by the supervisor of 
the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, 
is no longer representative of an underlying market or that 
its method of calculation has significantly changed. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser of 
recognised standing with appropriate expertise, at all times acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, appointed 
by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 5.3(iii)(H)(I).
"Original Reference Rate" means the Benchmark specified in the 
Final Terms for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes.
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable):
(a)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark 
or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank 
or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or
(b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or 
co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the central 
bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising 
the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central 
banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof.
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark Event, 
more than one successor or replacement rates are recommended 
by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser will 
determine, among those successor or replacement rates, those one 
which is the most appropriate, taking into consideration, without 
limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the 
nature of the Issuer.
(d)Rate of Interest for Underlying Linked Notes: The Rate of Interest applicable to 
Underlying Linked Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in 
accordance with the method specified in Technical Annex 8 and interest shall be 
calculated by reference to one or more Underlying(s) as specified in the 
Technical Annex and the relevant Final Terms and/or as the case may be, by 
reference to the provisions of Conditions 5.2 or 5.3.
5.4
Zero Coupon Notes
Where a Note whose Interest Basis is specified as being Zero Coupon and can be redeemed 
prior to its Maturity Date pursuant to an Option exercised by the Issuer or, if specified in

--- Page 84 ---
84.
WS0101.36205449.4
the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to Condition 6.5 or for any other reason, and is not paid 
on its due date, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount. As from the Maturity Date, the rate of interest on any overdue 
principal on such Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6.5(a)).
5.5
Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Notes), interest shall accrue as described above on the paid-up nominal amount of such 
Notes.
5.6
Physical Redemption Notes
In the case of Physical Redemption Notes (other than Physical Redemption Notes which 
are Zero Coupon Notes), the Rate of Interest and/or Interest Amount payable and the 
Physical Redemption Amount shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the 
Technical Annex.
5.7
Automatic Interest Basis Conversion Notes or Automatic Interest Rate Conversion 
Notes 
If Automatic Interest Basis Conversion is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
and an Interest Conversion Event occurs, the Interest Basis of the Note specified in the 
Final Terms shall be replaced by the Converted Interest Basis as from the Interest 
Conversion Date specified in the Final Terms.
If Automatic Interest Rate Conversion is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and an 
Interest Conversion Event occurs, the Rate of Interest of the Note specified in the Final 
Terms shall be replaced by the Converted Rate of Interest as from the Interest Conversion 
Date specified in the Final Terms.
Any Automatic Interest Basis Conversion or Automatic Interest Rate Conversion shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 within three (3) Business Days 
of the change if a "Notice of Automatic Interest Basis Conversion" or a "Notice of 
Automatic Interest Rate Conversion" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms.
"Interest Conversion Event" means that the SPS Interest Conversion Value is (i) 
"greater", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less" or (iv) "lower than or equal to", as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the SPS Interest Conversion Level, (a) on a SPS 
Interest Conversion Valuation Date or (b) on one or more SPS Interest Conversion 
Valuation Date(s) (as specified in the Final Terms) in respect of a SPS Interest Conversion 
Valuation Period;
"SPS Interest Conversion Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified as 
such with reference to the relevant Interest Conversion Event in the Final Terms;
"SPS Interest Conversion Valuation Date" means each date specified in the Final Terms, 
subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified in the Final Terms; and
"SPS Interest Conversion Value" means the value calculated in accordance with 
Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payment Terms, specified as such 
with reference to the relevant Interest Conversion Event, in the Final Terms;
"SPS Interest Conversion Valuation Period" means any such period specified in the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 85 ---
85.
WS0101.36205449.4
The Interest Rate Conversion mechanism described above may be applied more than once, 
subject to the Maximum Number of Interest Conversions specified in the Final Terms.
5.8
Accrual of interest
Subject to any redemption event, interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due 
date for redemption unless on such due date, repayment of the principal (or, in the case of 
a Physical Redemption Note, the transfer of the Underlying(s) representing the Physical 
Redemption Amount) is improperly withheld or refused, in which case interest shall 
continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner 
provided in this Condition up to the Relevant Date.
5.9
Margin, Minimum/Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts and Rounding
(a) If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (x) generally, or (y) 
in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods, an adjustment shall be made to 
all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified 
Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with Condition 
5.9 (c) below by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a 
negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the following paragraph.
(b)If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment 
Amount or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any 
Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be.
(c) Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed equal to zero. For the 
avoidance of doubt, "Minimum Rate of Interest" shall refer to the relevant rate plus 
any relevant margin.
(d)For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions 
(unless otherwise specified), (w) if FBF Determination is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest ten thousandth (with halves being rounded up), (x) in all 
other cases, all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven figures (with halves being rounded up to the next 
decimal place) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be 
rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in 
the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes 
"unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country(ies) of such currency.
5.10
Calculations
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such 
Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its 
calculation) is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be 
calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two or 
more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest 
Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those 
Interest Accrual Periods.

--- Page 86 ---
86.
WS0101.36205449.4
5.11
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts 
and Instalment Amounts
As soon as possible on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any 
rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for each Specified Denomination 
of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period. It shall also calculate the Final 
Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount 
or the Instalment Amount, obtain any necessary quotation or make any necessary 
determination or calculation. It shall then cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Period, and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if necessary, 
the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption 
Amount or any Instalment Amount, to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect 
of such Notes to make additional calculations upon receipt of such information. If the Notes 
are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such 
Regulated Market so require, it shall also notify such Regulated Market as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant 
Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such 
Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the 
fourth Business Day after such determination. If the Interest Payment Date or the Interest 
Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5.3(b), the Interest Amounts 
and Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, 
the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all 
parties.
5.12
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks
All calculations and determinations by the Calculation Agent shall be final and binding on 
the Issuer and the relevant Noteholders, in the absence of manifest or proven error. The 
appropriate market methods shall be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith, in light of market conditions prevailing on such date and in compliance with all 
applicable laws and regulations. The Noteholders may obtain detailed information on any 
adjustment made or decision taken by the Calculation Agent, upon request to the specified 
address of the Calculation Agent.
The Issuer shall ensure that there shall at all times be four Reference Banks (or such other 
number as may be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so 
long as any Note is outstanding (as defined above). If any Reference Bank (acting through 
its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference Bank, then the 
Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre 
to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect 
of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as 
each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, or 
to calculate an Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, is unable to 
make an adjustment following the occurrence of an event giving rise to an adjustment or a 
market disruption event affecting an Underlying, or cannot fulfil any other obligation, the 
Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank

--- Page 87 ---
87.
WS0101.36205449.4
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or OTC index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal Paris office or any other office actively involved in such 
market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without 
a successor having been appointed as described above. So long as the Notes are admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market 
so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance with 
Condition 15.
5.13
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which a change of interest basis (the "Change of 
Interest Basis") is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate 
(a)
that the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms (the 
"Switch Date") from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a 
Fixed Rate (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis"). The Issuer election to the 
change of interest basis should be deemed effective after a valid notification sent 
by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders within the period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(b)
that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis") on the 
date set out in the Final Terms (the "Automatic Switch Date").
6.
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS
6.1
Final redemption
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6 or 
its maturity is extended pursuant to any Issuer's option in accordance with Condition 6.3 
or any Noteholder's option in accordance with Condition 6.4, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the maturity date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Maturity Date") 
(i) at its Final Redemption Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if the 
relevant Final Terms so specify, by reference to the Technical Annex or (ii) in the case of 
Physical Redemption Notes, by the transfer of any Underlying representing the Physical 
Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or (iii) in the case of Notes 
to which Condition 6.2 below applies, at its last Instalment Amount.
6.2
Redemption by Instalments
Unless previously redeemed, purchased or cancelled as provided in this Condition 6 or the 
relevant Instalment Date (i.e. one of the dates so specified in the relevant Final Terms) is 
extended pursuant to the Issuer’s option or Noteholder’s option in accordance with 
Condition 6.3 or 6.4, each Note whose terms and conditions provide for Instalment Dates 
and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the (i) 
Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms (ii) in the case of Physical 
Redemption Notes, by transfer of any Underlying representing the Instalment Amount, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each of such 
Notes shall be reduced by the relevant Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount 
is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment 
of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused on the due date for such 
payment, in which case such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date for

--- Page 88 ---
88.
WS0101.36205449.4
the Instalment Amount.
6.3
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, Exercise of Issuer’s Options and Partial 
Redemption
If an Issuer Redemption Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and 
on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days irrevocable notice in 
accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem, or exercise any Option available in respect 
of, all or, as the case may be, some of the Notes, on the Optional Redemption Date. Any 
such redemption of Notes shall be made (i) at their Optional Redemption Amount specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if the relevant Final Terms so specify, by reference to the 
Technical Annex or (ii) in the case of Physical Redemption Notes, by transfer of any 
Underlying representing the Optional Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, together with, in each case, interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, 
if any. Any such redemption or exercise must be in respect of Notes with a nominal amount 
at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition.
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's Option, the redemption 
may be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all Notes in a Series in proportion to 
the aggregate nominal amount redeemed.
6.4
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders, Exercice of Noteholders’ Options 
If a Noteholder Redemption Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
shall, at the option of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than thirty (30) days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date(s) at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if 
the relevant Final Terms so specify, by reference to the Technical Annex or (ii) in the case 
of Physical Redemption Notes, by the transfer of any Underlying representing the Optional 
Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, together with, in each case, 
interest accrued up to the date fixed for redemption, if any.
To exercise such option, the Noteholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified 
office a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtained 
during normal business hours from the Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case 
may be, within the notice period. The Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, 
the Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent with a specified office in 
Paris, as specified in the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, 
no Note so transferred, may be withdrawn without the prior written consent of the Issuer.
6.5
Early redemption
(a)
Zero Coupon Notes
(i)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note, the amount of which is not linked to an Underlying, shall, upon 
redemption pursuant to Conditions 6.6, 6.7 or 6.11 upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9, be equal to the Amortised Nominal

--- Page 89 ---
89.
WS0101.36205449.4
Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note.
(ii) Subject as provided in sub-paragraph (iii) below, the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of any Note shall be equal to the Final Redemption Amount 
of such Note on the Maturity Date, discounted at a rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, unless specified 
otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an 
Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Note if it were to 
be discounted back to its issue price on the issue date), compounded annually.
(iii) If the Amortised Nominal Amount payable in respect of each Note 
upon redemption pursuant to Conditions 6.6, 6.7 or 6.11 or upon its early 
redemption as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early 
Redemption Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised 
Nominal Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) above, it being 
understood that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on 
which such Note becomes payable is the Relevant Date. The calculation of 
the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after any judgment) until the Relevant 
Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which 
case the amount payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date, plus any accrued interest, in accordance with 
Condition 5.4.
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it 
shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
(b)
Physical Redemption Notes
In the case of Physical Redemption Notes, the Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in the manner specified in the Technical Annex.
(c)
Other Notes
(i)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note 
(other than Notes referred to in paragraphs 6.5(a) and 6.5(b) above), upon its 
redemption pursuant to Conditions 6.6, 6.7 or 6.11 or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 9, shall be equal to the Final 
Redemption Amount, plus interest accrued up to the date fixed for 
redemption.
(ii) The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note 
(other than Notes referred to in paragraphs 6.5(a) and 6.5(b)) in respect of 
which the Final Redemption Amount is, or may be, less than or greater than 
the Specified Denomination, shall be equal to the percentage of the Specified 
Denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms or the Market Value Less 
Expenses if any Market Value Less Expenses is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"Market Value Less Expenses" means the amount determined in good faith 
by the Calculation Agent which on the due date for redemption of the Note 
shall represent the "fair" market value of the Note, the effect of which shall 
be to preserve for the benefit of the Noteholders the economic value of the 
Issuer’s payment obligations under the Note had it become due and payable 
on such Early Redemption Date, in the absence of an Event of Default.

--- Page 90 ---
90.
WS0101.36205449.4
Such market value shall be established after deduction of all expenses 
associated with unwinding all hedging transactions relating to the Note that 
would be borne by the Issuer in the event of such unwinding and ignoring the 
impact on the market value of the Note of the occurrence of the Event of 
Default in question on the credit rating of the Issuer.
6.6
Redemption for tax reasons 
(a) If, by reason of any change in French law or regulation, or any change in the 
official application or interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue 
Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest 
due in respect of the Notes, not be able to make such payment without having to pay 
additional amounts as specified under Condition 8.2 below, the Issuer may, at its 
option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
at any time, subject to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) 
days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance 
with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, 
any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest 
without withholding for French taxes.
(b)If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the 
Notes, be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders of the 
full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts contained in Condition 8.2 below, then the Issuer shall forthwith 
give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer shall upon giving not less 
than seven (7) days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding (as defined above) 
at their Early Redemption Amount together with, unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest 
practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the 
full amount then due and payable in respect of the Notes, provided that if such notice 
would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to 
such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on which 
the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect 
of the Notes and (ii) 14 days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or 
(B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, provided that the due 
date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest 
practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable 
in respect of the Notes or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter.
6.7
Partly Paid Notes
Partly Paid Notes shall be redeemed, either at maturity, or early or in any other manner, in 
accordance with the terms of this Condition 6 and/or as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
6.8
Automatic Final Payment Formula Conversion Notes
If Automatic Final Payment Formula Conversion is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms and a Final Payment Formula Conversion Event occurs, the Redemption/Payment 
Basis for the Notes specified in the Final Terms shall be replaced by the Converted 
Redemption/Payment Basis as from the Final Payment Formula Conversion Date specified 
in the Final Terms.

--- Page 91 ---
91.
WS0101.36205449.4
Any Automatic Final Payment Formula Conversion shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 within three (3) Business Days of the conversion if "Final 
Payment Formula Conversion Notice" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms.
"Final Payment Formula Conversion Event" means that the Final Payment Formula 
Conversion Value is (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less" or (iv) 
"lower than or equal to", as specified in the Final Terms, the Final Payment Formula 
Conversion Level, (a) on any Final Payment Formula Conversion Valuation Date or (b) on 
one or more Final Payment Formula Conversion Valuation Date(s) (as specified in the 
Final Terms) in respect of a Final Payment Formula Conversion Valuation Period;
"Final Payment Formula Conversion Level" means the percentage, amount or number 
specified by reference to the relevant Interest Conversion Event in the Final Terms;
"Final Payment Formula Conversion Valuation Period" means any such period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Final Payment Formula Conversion Value" means the value calculated in accordance 
with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payment Terms specified in 
the Final Terms;
"Final Payment Formula Conversion Valuation Date" means each such date specified 
in the Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified in the Final Terms; and
6.9
Purchases
The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise (including by 
tender offer) at any price, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. All Notes so 
purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations.
6.10
Cancellation or holding of Notes by the Issuer
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer may, at the option of the Issuer, unless 
provided otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, be held or cancelled in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations.
Notes purchased by the Issuer for cancellation, shall be so cancelled by transfer to an 
account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. Upon transfer 
and surrender, all such Notes shall, as with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be 
immediately cancelled (together with all rights relating to payment of interest and other 
amounts relating to such Notes). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred 
or surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged.
6.11
Illegality
If, by reason of the introduction of, or change in, any French law or regulation, or any 
change in the official application or interpretation of such law or regulation, becoming 
effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with any of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not 
more than forty five (45) nor less than thirty (30) days’ notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to 
the date set for redemption.

--- Page 92 ---
92.
WS0101.36205449.4
7.
PAYMENTS
For the purposes of this Condition 7, references to the payment of principal shall, if the 
context so permits, be deemed also to refer to the transfer of any Physical Redemption 
Amount.
7.1
Payment method
(a) Subject to the provisions below applicable to Physical Redemption Notes, all 
payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall be made (x) in the 
case of beareror administered registered Notes, by transfer to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency held with an Account Holder, for the benefit 
of the Noteholders, and (y) in the case of fully registered Notes, by transfer to an 
account denominated in the relevant currency, held with a Bank (as defined below) 
nominated by the relevant Noteholder. All payments validly made to such Account 
Holders or Bank shall release and discharge the Issuer from its payment obligations 
under the Notes.
(b)In the case of Physical Redemption Notes:
(i)
Transfer of the Underlyings representing the Physical Redemption 
Amount shall be made, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, (a) by 
delivery to the Noteholder, or to its order, of the relevant Underlyings or (b) 
in any other manner indicated by the Noteholder in the Transfer Notice (as 
defined below) and in each case subject to compliance with all applicable laws 
and regulations. Delivery shall be made by Euroclear, Clearstream or any 
other relevant clearing system (a "Clearing System"). The Transfer Notice 
shall be delivered in accordance with the transfer procedures currently used 
by the relevant Clearing System. The right of a Noteholder to receive any 
Physical Redemption Amount shall be represented by the balance on the 
account of such Noteholder appearing in the books of the relevant Clearing 
System.
(ii) The Underlying used to determine the Physical Redemption 
Amount shall be the Underlying specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
Physical Redemption Amount shall be determined subject to the adjustment 
and market disruption provisions of the Technical Annex. If, as a result of an 
adjustment or otherwise, the number of Underlyings to be delivered is not a 
whole number, any fraction thereof shall be payable in cash, based on the 
value of such Underlying, converted, where applicable, into the Specified 
Currency at the applicable rate of exchange at the relevant time.
(iii) Furthermore, if a Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) 
prevents delivery of the Physical Redemption Amount being made on the 
Maturity Date, such delivery shall take place on the next following date on 
which it is possible for delivery of the Physical Redemption Amount to be 
made through the intermediary of the relevant Clearing System (the 
"Settlement Date"), unless delivery is prevented by reason of a Settlement 
Disruption Event for a period of twenty (20) Clearing System Days (as 
defined below) immediately following the original date which would 
otherwise have been the Settlement Date (the "Delivery Period"). In such 
case, the Issuer shall, instead of delivering the Physical Redemption Amount, 
pay in respect of each Note an amount equal to the market value of the number 
of Underlying(s) to be delivered, converted, if necessary, into the Specified 
Currency at the applicable exchange rate on the relevant date (the 
"Replacement Value"). The Replacement Value shall be determined by the

--- Page 93 ---
93.
WS0101.36205449.4
Calculation Agent by reference to market conditions existing on the first 
Business Day following the Delivery Period.
(iv) All stamp duties or other taxes and/or similar duties in respect of 
the Physical Redemption of Underlyings shall be borne by the Noteholders. 
All Underlyings shall be delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholder, in 
such manner as may be specified in the Transfer Notice (as defined below) 
and any delivery of Underlyings shall be made in strict compliance with all 
applicable laws and regulations.
7.2
Payments subject to tax laws
All payments are subject to all applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
the place of payment or other laws and regultions to which the Issuer or its Agents are 
subject but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. No commission or expenses 
shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments.
7.3
Appointment of Agents
This Base Prospectus provides that the initial Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent will be 
the Issuer, as indicated at the end of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer may, from time to 
time appoint another Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent with respect to one or several issues 
of Notes. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in 
each such case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal 
Agent, any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the Registration Agent and to appoint 
any other or additional Fiscal Agent(s), Paying Agent(s), Calculation Agent(s) or 
Registration Agent(s), provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Paying Agent 
having specified offices in at least two major European cities (and providing fiscal agency 
services for the Notes in France for as long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Paris, and 
in any other city where the Notes are admitted to trading on another Regulated Market for 
so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on such other Regulated Market), (iv) in the 
case of Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur), a Registration Agent and (v) such 
other agents as may be required by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may 
be admitted to trading.
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.
7.4
Business Days for payments
If any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a Business Day, the Noteholder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment.
7.5
Definitions
For the purposes of this Condition 7:
"Bank" means a bank established in the principal financial centre where the Specified 
Currency is legal tender, or in the case of Euro payments, in a town in which banks have 
access to the T2 System;
"Clearing System Day" means, in respect of a Clearing System, a day on which such 
Clearing System is open to accept and execute settlement instructions;

--- Page 94 ---
94.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Delivery Date" means, as applicable, (a) the Maturity Date, or (b) if a Settlement 
Disruption Event has occurred, the Settlement Date (as defined above);
"Settlement Disruption Event" means any event outside the control of the Issuer, as a 
result of which the Clearing System is unable to clear the transfer of the Physical 
Redemption Amount;
"Transfer Notice" means an irrevocable notice of transfer sent by each Noteholder no later 
than five (5) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(or such earlier date as the Issuer considers necessary for it, the Paying Agents and the 
Clearing System to perform their respective obligations under the Notes and for the Paying 
Agent and Noteholder notices to be given) to the relevant Clearing System in accordance 
with its applicable procedural rules, a copy of which is sent to the Paying Agent; such 
irrevocable notice, in a form approved by the Issuer must:
(a)
specify the name and address of the relevant Noteholder;
(b)
specify the number of Notes held by the Noteholder;
(c)
specify the account number of the Noteholder’s account with the relevant Clearing 
System to be debited with such Notes, as applicable;
(d)
irrevocably instruct and authorise the Clearing System, where relevant, (A) to debit 
the account of the Noteholder with such Notes on the Delivery Date, if the Issuer 
elects (or has elected) for physical delivery on the Maturity Date and (B) in such 
manner as not to permit any other transfer of Notes under the Transfer Notice;
(e)
contain a representation and warranty by the relevant Noteholder that the Notes 
referred to in the Transfer Notice are free of any undertaking, obligation, security or 
third party rights;
(f)
specify the number and name of the account with the relevant Clearing System to be 
credited with the Underlyings, where applicable;
(g)
contain an irrevocable undertaking to pay all transfer expenses, where applicable;
(h)
authorise 
the 
disclosure 
of 
the 
Transfer 
Notice 
in 
any 
legal 
or 
administrative proceedings; and
(i)
more generally, contain any other terms necessary for the delivery of the 
Underlyings.
The Transfer Notice, once it has been received by the relevant Clearing System, is 
irrevocable and may not be withdrawn without the written consent of the Issuer. After 
delivery of the Transfer Notice to the relevant Clearing System, the relevant Noteholder 
may not transfer the Notes which are the subject of the Transfer Notice. A Transfer Notice 
shall only be valid to the extent that no prior contrary instructions have been received by 
the relevant Clearing System in respect of the Notes referred to in the Transfer Notice.
Any Transfer Notice that has not been correctly completed and delivered shall be treated 
as null and void. Any determination as to whether a Transfer Notice has been correctly 
completed and delivered shall be made by the Paying Agent Principal and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder.
The Paying Agent shall promptly send a copy of the Transfer Notice to the Issuer (or any 
other person previously specified by the Issuer), one business day after its receipt.

--- Page 95 ---
95.
WS0101.36205449.4
8.
TAXATION
8.1
Withholding taxes
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected or withheld by or 
within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.
8.2
Additional amounts
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note 
be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any taxes or duties, present or future, 
whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note where the Noteholder or, a 
third party acting on his behalf, is liable to such taxes or duties, in respect of such Note in 
the Republic of France other than by the mere fact of holding of such Notes.
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and 
all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any 
additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition.
9.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
Any Noteholder may, upon written notice addressed the Issuer (with a copy to the Fiscal 
Agent) given before the relevant breach has been cured, declare all (but not some only) 
Notes held by such Noteholder immediately due and payable, at the Early Redemption 
Amount together with all interest accrued thereon up to the effective date of payment, if 
any of the following events (each, an "Event of Default") occurs:
(a)
the Issuer is in default in the payment of principal of, or interest on, any Note 
(including the payment of any additional amounts mentioned in Condition 8) when 
due and payable and such default shall continue for more than forty five (45) days 
thereafter; or
(b)
the Issuer is in default in the performance of any of its other obligations under the 
Notes and such default has not been cured within sixty (60) days after the receipt by 
the Issuer of the written notice of such default by the Noteholder; or
(c)
the Issuer makes a proposal for a general standstill in respect of its debts, enters into 
a safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), or into an accelerated safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée); or a judgement is entered for the 
judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire), or for a transfer of the whole of the 
business (cession totale de l'entreprise), of the Issuer; or, to the extent permitted by 
law, the Issuer is the subject of any other liquidation or bankruptcy procedure.
10.
PRESCRIPTION
The prescription period for action to be commenced against the Issuer in respect of the

--- Page 96 ---
96.
WS0101.36205449.4
Notes shall be ten (10) years (in the case of principal) and five (5) years (in the case of 
interest) from the Relevant Date concerned.
11.
REPRESENTATION OF NOTEHOLDERS
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which 
will be governed by the provisions of Articles L. 228-46 et seq. of the French Code de 
commerce with the exception of Articles L. 228-59, R. 228-61 and R. 228-69 of the French 
Code de commerce and as amended by this Condition 11.
11.1
Legal Personality: The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the "Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the 
Noteholders (the "Collective Decisions").
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common 
rights, actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes.
11.2
Representative: The names and addresses of the Representative of the Masse will be set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be 
the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series.
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in 
relation to any subsequent Tranche of any given Series.
In the event of death, retirement, resignation, revocation, liquidation or dissolution of 
appointment of the Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate 
Representative (if any). Another Representative may be appointed.
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the registered office of the 
Issuer.
11.3
Powers of the Representative: The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective 
Decision to the contrary) have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order 
to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers.
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or 
against the Representative.
11.4
Collective Decisions: Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the 
"General Meeting") or by consent following a written consultation (the "Written 
Decision") (as further described in Condition 11.4(b) below). 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by entries in the books 
of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) 
of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in 
Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision.
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11.8.
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available,

--- Page 97 ---
97.
WS0101.36205449.4
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.
(a)
General Meeting: A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer 
or by the Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-
thirtieth of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer 
and the Representative a demand for the General Meeting to be called. If such 
General Meeting has not been convened within two (2) months after such demand, 
the Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent court 
in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting.
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The 
decisions of the General Meetings at meetings shall be taken by a simple majority 
of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented 
thereat.
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published 
as provided under Condition 15 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the 
date of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar 
days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second convocation.
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by 
proxy, correspondence.
Each Noteholder or Representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a 
copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, 
which will be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at 
any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen 
(15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the 
General Meeting on second convocation.
(b)
Written Decisions: Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce 
the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek 
approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Decision. Subject 
to the following sentence, a Written Decision may be contained in one document or 
in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 228-46-1 and R. 225-97 of the French Code de 
commerce, approval of a Written Decision may also be given by way of electronic 
communication allowing the identification of Noteholders ("Electronic Consent").
Written Decisions shall not have to comply with formalities and time limits referred 
to in Condition 11.4(a) above. Any Written Decision shall, for all purposes, have the 
same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders.
For the purpose hereof, a "Written Decision" means a resolution in writing signed 
by the Noteholders of not less than eighty five (85) per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes outstanding. 
11.5
Expenses: The Issuer will pay all reasonable and duly documented expenses relating to the 
operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating to the calling and holding of 
Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by 
Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against 
interest payable under the Notes.

--- Page 98 ---
98.
WS0101.36205449.4
11.6
Single Masse: The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any 
other Series which have been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in 
accordance with Condition 14, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, 
be grouped in a single Masse. 
11.7
Sole Noteholder: If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder 
and unless a Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder 
shall exercice all the powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Representative and to 
the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the French Code 
de commerce. 
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so 
long as the Notes of such Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall 
exercice all the powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Representative and to the 
Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce.
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity 
and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of 
such Series.
11.8
Notices to Noteholders: Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this 
Condition 11 shall be given in accordance with Condition 15 below.
11.9
Outstanding Notes: For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term 
"outstanding" shall not include those Notes purchased by the Issuer pursuant to applicable 
laws and regulations.
11.10
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000: For Notes issued with a denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) that are not issued outside 
France within the meaning of Article L.228-90 of the French Code de commerce, Condition 
11 shall apply to the Notes subject to the following modifications: 
(i)
the second paragraph of Condition 11.4(a) shall be deleted and replaced by the 
following paragraph:
"General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the 
Noteholders present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be 
required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) 
majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting or 
represented thereat."
(ii)
Condition 11.5 shall be deleted and replaced by the following:
"11.5 Expenses
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including 
all expenses relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more 
generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions."
12.
FINAL TERMS
These Conditions may in respect of any Series of Notes be supplemented by the terms of 
the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Series.

--- Page 99 ---
99.
WS0101.36205449.4
13.
ADJUSTMENTS AND DISRUPTIONS
In the case of Underlying Linked Notes, the terms relating to Underlying adjustments and 
settlement disruption and market disruption events are set forth in the Technical Annex.
14.
FURTHER ISSUES
The Issuer shall have the right, without the consent of the Noteholders, to create and issue 
additional notes which are fungible (assimilable for the purpose of French laws) with Notes 
already in issue, provided that such Notes and the additional notes confer on their 
Noteholders rights that are identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save for the 
aggregate principal amount, the issue date, the issue price and the first interest payment) 
and that the terms of such notes provide for fungibility and references to "Notes" in these 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly.
15.
NOTICES
For as long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, notices shall be 
deemed to be valid if published in a daily economic or financial newspaper with wide 
circulation in the town(s) in which the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are 
admitted to trading are located, which in the case of Euronext Paris, which is expected to 
be Les Echos, and in such other manner, if any, required by the applicable rules of such 
Regulated Market(s).
If the Notes are not admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notices to be addressed 
to Noteholders in accordance with these Conditions may (i) in all cases, be delivered to 
Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the 
Notes are cleared or (ii) in the case of holders of registered Notes, be delivered to their 
respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been delivered on the 
fourth weekday (other than Saturday or Sunday) after posting.
Notices of convocation to, and relating to decisions of, Noteholder general meetings shall 
be published in accordance with the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. and R.228-60 
et seq. of the French Code de commerce.
16.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
The Notes shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, French law.
Any claim against the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be submitted to the jurisdiction 
of the competent courts in Paris.

--- Page 100 ---
100.
WS0101.36205449.4
TECHNICAL ANNEX
The Technical Annex which follows, including Technical Annex 1, Technical Annex 2, Technical 
Annex 3, Technical Annex 4, Technical Annex 5, Technical Annex 6, Technical Annex 7 and 
Technical Annex 8 forms an integral part of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms.
Payment of principal and/or interest on Notes to which the Technical Annex applies shall be 
determined or calculated on the basis of, or by reference to, one or more Underlying(s).
For the purposes of this Technical Annex, "Underlying" means a share, an index, an exchange rate, 
an interest rate, a fund unit, a commodity, or an inflation index, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, a basket of any of the aforementioned, or any formula or combination thereof as more fully 
described in the Technical Annex.
This Technical Annex contains technical terms relating, inter alia, (i) to the adjustments that may be 
made by the Calculation Agent, (ii) the manner in which a market disruption event affecting an 
Underlying shall be treated for the purposes of the Notes, or (iii) the mathematical formulas applied 
for calculating amounts payable under the Notes.

--- Page 101 ---
101.
WS0101.36205449.4
TECHNICAL ANNEX 1
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO INFLATION INDEX LINKED NOTES
The terms applicable to Inflation Index Linked Notes include the terms and conditions of the Notes 
set forth on pages 52 to 99 (the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") and the supplemental terms 
described below (the "Inflation Index Linked Note Terms"), in each case, subject as provided in 
the relevant Final Terms. In the event of conflict between the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and 
the Inflation Index Linked Note Terms, the Inflation Index Linked Note Terms shall prevail.
All expressions beginning with a capital letter and not defined in these Inflation Index Linked Note 
Terms shall have the meanings given thereto in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the relevant 
Final Terms.
References herein to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered 
paragraphs below.
1.
DELAY IN PUBLICATION
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Level Publication Delay Event has 
occurred with respect to any Cut-Off Date, then the Relevant Level in respect of a 
Reference Month to be used for any calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Determination Date (the "Substitute Index Level") shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent (subject as provided in Condition 3.2 below), as 
follows:
(a) if "Related Bond" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the 
corresponding index level determined under the terms and conditions of the Related 
Bond; or
(b)if (a) "Related Bond" is specified as not-applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
or (b) the Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Index Level under 
(i) above, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level by 
reference to the following formula:
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level /Reference Level);
where:
"Base Level" means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior 
to the month for which the Substitute Index Level is being determined; 
"Latest Level" means the latest level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the 
Substitute Index Level is to be determined;
"Reference Level" means the level of the Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) 
published or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar 
months prior to the month referred to in the definition of Latest Level.
The Calculation Agent shall notify any Substitute Index Level to the Issuer which shall 
immediately notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes.
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant Cut-

--- Page 102 ---
102.
WS0101.36205449.4
Off Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, such Relevant Level shall not be used for 
the purpose of any calculation or determination under the Notes. The Substitute Index 
Level so determined in accordance with this Condition 1 shall be final and binding on the 
parties for the relevant Reference Month.
2.
SUCCESSOR INDEX
If (a) the Calculation Agent determines that the level of the Index is not calculated and/or 
published by the Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or (b) the Index Sponsor 
announces that it will no longer continue to publish and/or announce the Index and/or (c) 
the Index Sponsor cancels the Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
successor index (a "Successor Index") (in lieu of any previously applicable Index) for the 
purposes of the Notes as follows:
(a) if "Related Bond" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
and at any time (except if the Calculation Agent has determined an Index 
Cancellation pursuant to Condition 2(d) below) a successor index has been 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the terms and conditions of 
the Related Bond, such index shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as the 
"Successor Index", notwithstanding any other successor index that may previously 
have been determined pursuant to Conditions 2(b) and 2(c) below;
(b)if (x) "Related Bond" is specified as not-applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
or (y) a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred and "Fall-Back Bond" is 
specified as being not-applicable in the relevant Final Terms (and in the absence of 
a determination by the Calculation Agent of an Index Cancellation pursuant to 
Condition 2(d) below), and the Index Sponsor announces or notifies that it will no 
longer publish and/or announce the Index but that the Index shall be superseded by 
a replacement index specified by the Index Sponsor, and to the extent that the 
Calculation Agent considers that such replacement index is calculated by reference 
to the same, or a substantially similar, formula or calculation method as that used 
for calculating the Index, the Calculation Agent shall designate such replacement 
index as the Successor Index;
(c) if no Successor Index has been determined pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (b) 
above (and in the absence of a determination by the Calculation Agent of an Index 
Cancellation pursuant to Condition 2(d) below), the Calculation Agent shall request 
five leading, independent market operators to determine a replacement index for the 
Index; if between four and five responses are received, and of those four or five 
responses, three or more leading independent market operators choose the same 
index, such index shall be deemed to be the "Successor Index"; if three responses 
are received, and two or more leading independent market operators choose the same 
index, such index shall be deemed to be the "Successor Index"; if less than three 
responses are received by the Cut-Off Date, the Calculation Agent shall specify an 
appropriate alternative index for the relevant Determination Date, and such index 
shall be deemed to be the "Successor Index"; or
(d)if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, 
there shall be deemed to be no Successor Index and an Index Cancellation will be 
deemed to have occurred.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the 
Successor Index shall be deemed to replace the Index for the purposes of the Notes. Notice 
of the determination of a Successor Index, the effective date of the Successor Index or the 
occurrence of an Index Cancellation will be given by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
which shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and

--- Page 103 ---
103.
WS0101.36205449.4
Conditions of the Notes.
3.
ADJUSTMENTS
3.1
Successor Index
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with Condition 2 above, the Calculation 
Agent may make any consequential adjustment to any amount payable under the Notes 
and, to the extent possible, adjust the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
accordingly.
3.2
Substitute Index Level
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Index Level in accordance with Condition 
1 above, the Calculation Agent may make any consequential adjustment to any amount 
payable under the Notes and, to the extent possible, adjust the relevant Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes accordingly.
3.3
Index Level Correction and Adjustment 
(a) The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (disregarding 
estimates) by the Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and binding 
on the parties, subject as provided in Condition 3.3(b) below. No subsequent 
revision of the Relevant Level shall be used in any calculations or determinations in 
respect of the Notes, except in the case of Revisable Indices (as defined below), in 
respect of which any revision of the Relevant Level published or announced up to 
and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any relevant Determination 
Date shall be taken into account. The revised Relevant Level for the relevant 
Revisable Index shall be deemed to be the final and binding Relevant Level for the 
relevant Reference Month.
For the purposes of this Condition, "Revisable Index/Indices" means "ESP – Indice 
National des Prix à la Consommation Révisé (IPC)", "ESP – Indice des Prix à la 
Consommation Harmonisé Révisé IPCH" and/or "EUR – Indice des Prix à la 
Consommation Révisé Tous Postes" (as defined below).
(b)If, within thirty (30) days of publication of the Relevant Level or at any time prior 
to a Determination Date in respect of which a Relevant Level will be used, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has modified the Relevant 
Level to correct a manifest error in the original publication, the Calculation Agent 
may make any consequential adjustment to any amount payable under the Notes 
and, to the extent possible, adjust the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
accordingly.
3.4
Currency
If the Calculation Agent determines that, following the occurrence of an event preventing 
the Specified Currency from being converted into other currencies, it is necessary to adjust 
any amount payable under the Notes, and/or any other applicable condition of the Notes 
(including the date on which an amount is payable by the Issuer), the Calculation Agent 
may make any adjustment it considers necessary.
3.5
Rebasing of the Index
If the Index has been rebased, the rebased Index (the "Rebased Index") may be used for 
the purposes of determining the Relevant Level from the date the rebasing took effect; 
provided however that, (A) if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the relevant

--- Page 104 ---
104.
WS0101.36205449.4
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall make the same adjustments as those made 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, including if any, to the levels of 
the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the 
Index before it was rebased, or (B) if "Related Bond" is specified as being not-applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms or if a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent may make any adjustment to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the 
Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Index before it was rebased 
and in each case (A) or (B), the Calculation Agent shall make any adjustment to any 
amount payable under the Notes and, to the extent possible, adjust the relevant Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes accordingly to ensure that the Rebased Index levels reflect the 
same rate of inflation as the Index before it was rebased. If the Calculation Agent considers 
that neither (A) nor (B) above will produce a reasonable result, it may request, by notice 
to the Issuer, that the Issuer redeem the Notes. The Issuer shall redeem the Notes, on the 
early redemption date notified to the Noteholders, at their market value as determined by 
the Calculation Agent taking into account the rebasing of the Index, (less the cost of 
unwinding or amending any underlying hedging arrangements) plus all interest accrued, if 
any, up to the effective date of redemption.
3.6
Modification of the Index
(a) If on or prior to the Cut-Off Date, the Calculation Agent determines that an Index 
Modification has occurred, the Calculation Agent may (A) if "Related Bond" is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, make any adjustment to 
the Index, the Relevant Level or any amount payable under the Notes and, to the 
extent possible, adjust the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes accordingly, 
consistent with the adjustment terms and conditions of the Relevant Bonds 
applicable in the event of a modification of the Index or (B) if "Related Bond" is 
specified as not-applicable in the Final Terms or if a Related Bond Redemption 
Event has occurred, make such adjustments to the Index, the Relevant Level or any 
amount payable under the Notes, as the Calculation Agent deems necessary for the 
modified Index to continue to be used as the Index and to take into account the 
economic effect of the Index Modification and, to the extent possible, adjust the 
relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes accordingly.
(b)If an Index Modification occurs at any time after the Cut-Off Date, the 
Calculation Agent may decide (x) either to ignore such Index Modification for the 
purposes of any calculation or determination made by the Calculation Agent on such 
Determination Date, and in such case, the Index Modification shall be deemed to 
have occurred in respect of the immediately succeeding Determination Date, (y) or 
to make any adjustment in accordance with paragraph (a) above, notwithstanding 
that the Index Modification occurred after the Cut-Off Date.
3.7
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, it 
may request, by notice to the Issuer, that the Issuer redeem the Notes. The Issuer shall 
redeem the Notes, on the early redemption date notified to the Noteholders, at their market 
value as determined by the Calculation Agent taking into account the relevant Additional 
Disruption Event, (less the cost of unwinding or amending any underlying hedging 
arrangements) plus all interest accrued, if any, up to the effective date of redemption.
3.8
Index Cancellation
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has occurred, it may 
request, by notice to the Issuer, that the Issuer redeem the Notes. The Issuer shall redeem 
the Notes, on the early redemption date notified to the Noteholders, at their market value

--- Page 105 ---
105.
WS0101.36205449.4
as determined by the Calculation Agent taking into account the Index Cancellation, (less 
the cost of unwinding or amending any underlying hedging arrangements) plus all interest 
accrued, if any, up to the effective date of redemption. 
3.9
Notification
The Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer of any adjustment and/or revision 
under this Condition and the Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of any decision to redeem the Notes early under 
this Condition and the corresponding early redemption date.
4.
DEFINITIONS
"Additional Disruption Event" means any Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, as specified, where applicable, in the relevant Final Terms.
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (inclusive), due to (A) the 
adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any law and/or regulation relating to tax or to solvency and/or capital adequacy 
requirements), (B) the promulgation of, or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of, any applicable law or 
regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or financial supervisory 
authority), or (C) the combined effect of any of the events described in (A) and (B): 
(a) it has become illegal for the Issuer to hold, acquire or dispose of any hedging 
position in respect of the Notes; or 
(b) the Issuer would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, 
due to any tax, solvency or capital adequacy requirement) in respect of the Notes or 
the holding, acquisition or disposal of any hedging position in respect of the Notes. 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, three Business Days prior to 
such Determination Date, unless provided otherwise in the relevant Final Terms.
"Determination Date" means the Coupon Determination Date and/or the Determination 
Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"ESP – Harmonised-Revised Consumer Price Index HCPI)" (Indice des Prix à la 
Consommation Harmonisé Révisé (IPCH)) means the Harmonised Index of Consumer 
Prices including Tobacco (Indice des Prix à la Consommation Harmonisé Tabac inclus), 
or the applicable replacement index, measuring the rate of inflation in Spain, expressed in 
the form of an index and published by the relevant index sponsor. The first publication or 
announcement of the level of this index, or, if revised, all subsequent revisions of the index 
level for a reference month shall be final and irrevocable, provided that the relevant 
revisions are published or announced before the day (inclusive) falling two (2) Business 
Days prior to the relevant Determination Date.
"ESP – National Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI)" (Indice National des Prix à la 
Consommation Révisé (IPC) means the Year on Year Revised Index of Consumer Prices 
(Indice des Prix à la Consommation Annuel Révisé), or the applicable replacement index, 
measuring the rate of inflation in Spain, expressed as an annual percentage and published 
by the relevant index sponsor. The first publication or announcement of the level of this 
index, or, if revised, all subsequent revisions of the index level for a reference month shall 
be final and irrevocable, provided that the relevant revisions are published or announced

--- Page 106 ---
106.
WS0101.36205449.4
before the day (inclusive) falling two (2) Business Days prior to the relevant Determination 
Date.
"EUR – All Items Revised Consumer Price Index" (EUR – Indice des Prix à la 
Consommation Révisé Tous Postes) means the All Items Revised Index of Consumer 
Prices (Indice des Prix à la Consommation Harmonisé Révisé Tous Postes), or the 
applicable replacement index, measuring the rate of inflation in the Economic and 
Monetary Union, expressed in the form of an index and published by the relevant index 
sponsor. The first publication or announcement of the level of this index, or, if revised, all 
subsequent revisions of the index level for a reference month shall be final and irrevocable, 
provided that the relevant revisions are published or announced before the day (inclusive) 
falling two (2) Business Days prior to the relevant Determination Date.
"Fall-Back Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent from amongst the 
bonds issued on, or prior to, the Issue Date by the government of the State whose rate of 
inflation is used as the reference for the Index, and which pays a Coupon Amount and/or 
redemption amount calculated by reference to the Index, with a maturity date which falls 
on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Maturity 
Date, if there is no such bond referred to in (a), or (c) the next shortest maturity before the 
Maturity Date, if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the 
Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Economic and Monetary Union, 
the Calculation Agent shall select a bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments 
(but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays an 
interest or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in 
the European Economic and Monetary Union. If the Fall-Back Bond is redeemed, the 
Calculation Agent shall select a new Fall-Back Bond on the same basis, but selected from 
all eligible bonds in issue (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged) 
at the time the original Fall-Back Bond is redeemed.
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries is unable, 
despite its reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or forward contract(s) or options 
contract(s) that it deems necessary to hedge the risks assumed by the Issuer, including but 
without limitation, foreign exchange risk, in relation to issuing the Notes and performing 
its obligations under the Notes, or to (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or 
transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or forward contract(s) or options 
contract(s) or any hedging position in respect of such Notes.
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, 
cost or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary 
to hedge the risk of issuing the Notes and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Notes or to (b) realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any 
such transactions or assets, provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of 
its subsidiaries shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.
"Index" or "Indices" means, the index or indices specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with Condition 3 above.
"Index Cancellation" means that the Index level has not been calculated and/or published 
by the Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or (b) the Index Sponsor announces 
that it shall no longer continue to publish and/or announce the Index and/or (c) the Index 
Sponsor withdraws the Index and there is no Successor Index.

--- Page 107 ---
107.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Index Level Publication Delay Event" means that, on any Determination Date, the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of the Index for any Reference Month 
required for any calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent on such 
Determination Date (the "Relevant Level"), at any time on, or before, the Cut-Off Date.
"Index Modification" means an announcement by the Index Sponsor that it shall make a 
material change to the formula or the method of calculating the Index or shall materially 
modify the Index in any manner whatsoever.
"Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level of the relevant Index and which, on the Issue Date is the index sponsor 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Rebased Index" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 3 above.
"Reference Month" means the calendar month in respect of which the Index level was 
calculated, whatever the time such information was published or announced. If the period 
in respect of which the Relevant Level was calculated is a period other than a calendar 
month, the Reference Month shall be the period in respect of which the Relevant Level 
was calculated.
"Related Bond" means the bond specified in the relevant Final Terms. If a bond is 
specified as the Related Bond in the relevant Final Terms and such bond has been redeemed 
or become due and payable prior to the relevant Maturity Date, unless "Fall-Back Bond: 
not applicable" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Fall-Back Bond for any determination relating to the Related Bond.
"Related Bond Redemption Event" means an event where (if specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms), at any time before the Maturity Date, (a) the Related Bond is redeemed, 
purchased or cancelled, (b) the Related Bond becomes due and payable before its scheduled 
maturity date (for whatever reason), or (c) the issuer of the Related Bond announces that 
the Related Bond shall be redeemed, purchased or cancelled before its scheduled maturity 
date.
"Relevant Level" has the meaning given thereto in the definition: Index Level Publication 
Delay Event.
"Substitute Index Level" means, in respect of an Index Level Publication Delay Event, 
the index level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 1 above.
"Successor Index" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 2 above.
"Trade Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 108 ---
108.
WS0101.36205449.4
TECHNICAL ANNEX 2
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO INDEX LINKED NOTES
The terms applicable to Index Linked Notes include the terms and conditions of the Notes set forth 
on pages 52 to 99 (the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") and the supplemental terms described 
below (the "Index Linked Note Terms"), in each case, subject as provided in the relevant Final 
Terms. In the event of conflict between the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Index Linked 
Note Terms, the Index Linked Note Terms shall prevail.
All expressions beginning with a capital letter and not defined in these Index Linked Note Terms 
shall have the meanings given thereto in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the relevant Final 
Terms.
References herein to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered 
paragraphs below.
1.
MARKET DISRUPTION
"Market Disruption Event" means:
(a) in respect of a Composite Index, the occurrence or existence:
(i) (A)
in respect of Composite Index Components the value of which represents 
less than 20% (individually or collectively) of the level of such Index, 
of any of the following events:
a.
a Trading Disruption that the Calculation Agent considers to be 
material, at any time in the hour preceding the relevant Valuation 
Time, on the Exchange on which such Composite Index 
Component is principally traded;
b.
an Exchange Disruption that the Calculation Agent considers to 
be material, at any time in the hour preceding the relevant 
Valuation Time, on the Exchange on which such Composite 
Index Component is principally traded; or
c.
an Early Closure; and
(B)
in respect of Composite Index Components the value of which 
represents 20% or more (individually or collectively) of the level of 
such Index, a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early 
Closure; or
(ii) in respect of futures or options contracts relating to the Composite 
Index, of any of the following events: (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an 
Exchange Disruption, which, in either case, the Calculation Agent considers 
to be material, at any time in the hour preceding the relevant Valuation Time 
for the Related Exchange; or (c) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of 
such futures or options contracts.
In order to determine whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Composite Index Component, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
Composite Index Component, then the percentage contribution of such Composite 
Index Component to the level of the relevant Index shall be calculated on the basis 
of a comparison between (x) the fraction of the Index level attributable to such 
Composite Index Component and (y) the overall level of such Index, in each case

--- Page 109 ---
109.
WS0101.36205449.4
using the official opening weightings, as published by the Index Sponsor ("opening 
data"); and
(b)in respect of Indices other than Composite Indices, the occurrence or existence 
of any of the following events:
(i) a Trading Disruption,
(ii)an Exchange Disruption,
which in each case, the Calculation Agent considers to be material, at any 
time during the period of one hour which (a) for the purposes of the 
occurrence of a Knock-In Event or a Knock-Out Event begins or ends at the 
time when the level of such Index reaches, respectively, the Knock-In Barrier 
or the Knock-Out Barrier or (b) in all other cases ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time, or
(iii)
an Early Closure.
In order to determine whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of an 
Index exists, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security 
included in such Index, then the percentage contribution of such security to 
the level of such Index shall be calculated on the basis of a comparison 
between (x) the fraction of the level of such Index attributable to such the 
security and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before 
the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event.
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders as soon as possible in accordance 
with Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day on any day which, but for the occurrence of such Disrupted Day, 
would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Event Valuation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case 
may be.
2.
ADJUSTMENTS TO THE INDEX
2.1
A Successor Index Sponsor calculates and announces a Successor Index
If an Index (i) is not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor, but is calculated and 
published by a successor to the Index Sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) is replaced by a successor index using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then in each case such new 
index (the "Successor Index") shall be deemed to be the Index.
2.2
Index Modification, Index Cancellation and Index Disruption
If (i) at any time before the last Averaging Date, the last Observation Date, the last 
Valuation Date, the last Knock-In Barrier Effective Date or the last Knock-Out Barrier 
Effective Date (included), the Index Sponsor or (where applicable) the Successor Index 
Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material change to the formula for or the 
method of calculating an Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event 
of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation or in contracts or commodities or other 
routine events) (an "Index Modification"), or permanently cancels an Index without 
providing a Successor Index (an "Index Cancellation"), or (ii) on any Averaging Date, 
Observation Date, Valuation Date, Knock-In Barrier Effective Date or Knock-Out Barrier

--- Page 110 ---
110.
WS0101.36205449.4
Effective Date, the Index Sponsor or (where applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor 
ceases to calculate and/or publish, an Index (an "Index Disruption" and, together with 
Index Modification and Index Cancellation, each an "Index Adjustment Event"), then,
(a) the Calculation Agent shall determine whether such Index Adjustment Event has 
a material effect on the Notes and, in such case, shall calculate the relevant 
Settlement Price using, instead of the published level of such Index, the level of such 
Index at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date, Observation Date, Averaging 
Date, Knock-In Barrier Effective Date or Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date, as the 
case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
and calculation method for such Index last in effect prior to the Index Adjustment 
Event and using only those securities comprised in such Index immediately before 
such Index Adjustment Event; or
(b)unless "Deferred Redemption following an Index Adjustment Event" is specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent may request, 
by notice to the Issuer, that the Issuer redeem the Notes. The Issuer shall redeem the 
Notes, on the early redemption date notified to the Noteholders, at their market value 
taking into account the Index Adjustment Event, less the cost of unwinding any 
underlying hedging arrangements (the "Index Adjustment Amount") as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as soon as possible after the Index Adjustment Event has 
occurred (the "Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date"). Payment shall 
be made in the manner notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
(c) if "Deferred Redemption following an Index Adjustment Event" is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate 
the Index Adjustment Amount on the Index Adjustment Amount Determination 
Date and notify the Issuer thereof. The Issuer shall, on the Maturity Date, redeem 
each Note in an amount equal to the Index Adjustment Amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, together with interest accrued as from the Index Adjustment 
Amount Determination Date (included) up to the Maturity Date (excluded) at a rate 
equal to the Issuer’s cost of refinancing or, if Protected Capital Termination Amount 
is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such amount is higher, at such 
amount.
2.3
Notification
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer as soon as possible of any determination or 
calculation made by it in accordance with paragraph (b) above and any proposed action or 
adjustment, and the Calculation Agent and the Issuer shall make such determinations and 
calculations available to the Noteholders for consultation.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of any decision to early redeem the Notes, with 
respect to paragraph (b) above, under this Condition and the corresponding early 
redemption date.
3.
CORRECTION OF THE INDEX
Other than in the case of any corrections published after the Cut-Off Date, if the Index 
level published on any day and used or intended to be used by the Calculation Agent for 
the purpose of any determination or calculation under the Notes is subsequently corrected 
and if the correction is published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (as the case may be) the 
relevant Successor Index Sponsor, during the Index Correction Period, the level to be used 
shall be the Index level as corrected. Corrections published after the Cut-Off Date shall be

--- Page 111 ---
111.
WS0101.36205449.4
ignored by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining any relevant amount to 
be paid.
4.
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS
4.1
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Calculation Agent may:
(a) determine and make any appropriate adjustment to any amount payable under the 
Notes, and, to the extent possible, adjust the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and 
relevant Final Terms accordingly to take account of the Additional Disruption Event 
and determine the effective date of such adjustment; or 
(b)unless "Deferred Redemption following an Additional Disruption Event" is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, request, by notice to the 
Issuer, that the Issuer redeem the Notes. The Issuer shall redeem the Notes, on the 
early redemption date notified to the Noteholders, at their market value taking into 
account the Additional Disruption Event, less the cost of unwinding any underlying 
hedging arrangements (the "Additional Disruption Amount") as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as soon as possible after the Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred (the "Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date"). Payment 
shall be made in the manner notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
(c) if "Deferred Redemption following an Additional Disruption Event" is specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate 
the Additional Disruption Amount on the Additional Disruption Amount 
Determination Date and notify the Issuer thereof. The Issuer shall, on the Maturity 
Date, redeem each Note in an amount equal to the Additional Disruption Amount, 
together with interest accrued as from the Additional Disruption Amount 
Determination Date (included) up to the Maturity Date (excluded) at a rate equal to 
the Issuer’s cost of refinancing or, if Protected Capital Termination Amount is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such amount is higher, at such amount.
4.2
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs and the Calculation Agent determines that an 
adjustment as provided above is necessary, it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as 
possible and the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders as soon as possible in accordance with 
Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, specifying any proposed adjustments or actions in connection with such 
event. 
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of any decision to redeem the Notes early under 
this Condition and the corresponding early redemption date. 
5.
KNOCK-IN AND KNOCK-OUT EVENTS
5.1
If "Knock-In Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms any 
payment under the Notes stated in the relevant Final Terms as being subject to a Knock-In 
Event, shall be subject to the occurrence of such Knock-In Event.
5.2
If "Knock-Out Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms any 
payment under the Notes stated in the relevant Final Terms as being subject to a Knock-
Out Event, shall be subject to the occurrence of such Knock-Out Event.
5.3
If the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time specified 
in the relevant Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if, on any Knock-In Barrier Effective 
Date or on any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date at any time in the hour preceding or

--- Page 112 ---
112.
WS0101.36205449.4
following the Valuation Time, the Index level reaches the Knock-In Barrier or the Knock-
Out Barrier, a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or 
exists, then the Knock-In Event or the Knock-Out Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred; provided however that if, by the effect of this clause, no Knock-In Barrier 
Effective Date or Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date occurs during the Knock-In Barrier 
Effective Period or the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period, the Knock-In Barrier Effective 
Period End Date or the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period End Date shall be deemed to 
be a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index at the 
Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time or at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time as provided 
in the definition of "Valuation Date".
5.4
If the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time specified 
in the relevant Final Terms is any time or period of time during normal market opening 
hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-In Barrier Effective Date or any 
Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date and at any time in the hour preceding or following the 
time at which the Index level reaches the Knock-In Barrier or the Knock-Out Barrier, a 
Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, then the 
Knock-In Event or the Knock-Out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided 
however that if, by the effect of this clause no Knock-In Barrier Effective Date or Knock-
Out Barrier Effective Date occurs during the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period or the 
Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period, the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period End Date or 
the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period End Date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Index at the Knock-In Barrier 
Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time as provided in the definition of 
"Valuation Date".
5.5
Definitions
"Knock-In Barrier" means (i) in the case of a single Index, the level of the Index and (ii) 
in the case of an Index Basket, the level of the Index Basket, in each case (x) specified as 
such in the Final Terms or (y) calculated pursuant to Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 
of the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS Knock-In is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, in each case, subject to adjustment where applicable in accordance with Condition 
1 and Condition 2 above.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Date" means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, or each Trading Day during the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period" means the period commencing on the Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date (included) and ending on the Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Period End Date (included).
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" means the date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if the Trading Day Convention for the Knock-In Barrier 
Effective Period Commencement Date is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
and such date is not a Trading Day, the following Trading Day.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period End Date" means the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if the Trading Day Convention for the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period 
End Date is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms and such date is not a Trading 
Day, the following Trading Day.
"Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or if the relevant Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time, the Knock-In Barrier Valuation 
Time shall be the Valuation Time.

--- Page 113 ---
113.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Knock-In Barrier Value" means the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 
1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"Knock-In Event" means:
(a)
if SPS Knock-In is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
Knock-In Barrier Value is; or
(b)
if SPS Knock-In is specified as not-applicable in the relevant Final Terms,
(i)
in respect of a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by the 
Calculation Agent at the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time on any Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Date is;
(ii)
in respect of an Index Basket, that the amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent as being equal to the sum of the values of each Index (the value of each 
Index being the product of (x) the level of such Index at the Knock-In Barrier 
Valuation Time on any Knock-In Barrier Effective Date and (y) the applicable 
Weighting) is
in each case is (A) (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "lower than" 
or (d) "lower than or equal to" the Knock-In Barrier or (B) "within" the Knock-In 
Tunnel,
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Knock-In Barrier Effective 
Date, or (y) in respect of any Knock-In Barrier Effective Period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Knock-In Tunnel" means the tunnel specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment where applicable as provided in Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and Condition 
2 (Adjustments to the Index) of the Index Linked Note Terms.
"Knock-Out Barrier" means (i) in the case of a single Index, the level of the Index and 
(ii) in the case of an Index Basket, the level of the Index Basket, in each case (x) specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or (y) calculated pursuant to Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 
1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS Knock-Out is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, in each case, subject to adjustment where applicable in 
accordance with Condition 1 and Condition 2 above.
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date" means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, or each Trading Day during the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period.
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period" means the period commencing on the Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date (included) and ending on the Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Period End Date (included).
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" means the date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if the Trading Day Convention for the Knock-Out Barrier 
Effective Period Commencement Date is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
and such date is not a Trading Day, the following Trading Day.
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period End Date" means the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if the Trading Day Convention for the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period 
End Date is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms and such date is not a Trading 
Day, the following Trading Day.

--- Page 114 ---
114.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-
Out Barrier Effective Date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or if the relevant 
Final Terms do not specify a Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time, the Knock-Out Barrier 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time.
"Knock-Out Barrier Value" means the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 
1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Knock-Out Event" means:
(a)
if SPS Knock-Out is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Knock-Out 
Barrier Value is; or
(b)
if SPS Knock-Out is specified as not-applicable in the Final Terms,
(i)
in respect of a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by the 
Calculation Agent at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time on any Knock-
Out Barrier Effective Date is; and
(ii)
in respect of an Index Basket, that the amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent as being equal to the sum of the values of each Index (the value of each 
Index being the product of (x) the level of such Index at the Knock-Out Barrier 
Valuation Time on any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date and (y) the 
applicable Weighting) is
in each case is (A) (a) " greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "lower than" 
or (d) "lower than or equal to" the Knock-Out Barrier or (B) "within" the Knock-
Out Tunnel,
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Knock-Out Barrier 
Effective Date, or (y) in respect of any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.
"Knock-Out Tunnel" means the tunnel specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment where applicable as provided in Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and Condition 
2 (Adjustments to the Index) of the Index Linked Note Terms.
"Weighting" means the weighting specified in the relevant Final Terms.
6.
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION EVENT
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, 
then unless the Notes have previously been redeemed, purchased or cancelled, if (i) on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) on each of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates in the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then 
the Notes shall automatically be redeemed in full, and not part only, on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date immediately following the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or the end of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, 
and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such date for the redemption 
of each Note shall be an amount in the currency specified in the Final Terms equal to the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount.
Definitions
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means the amount determined by reference to

--- Page 115 ---
115.
WS0101.36205449.4
the Automatic Early Redemption Payout if specified in the relevant Final Terms and, 
failing which, the product of (i) the Specified Denomination of each Note and (ii) the 
applicable Automatic Early Redemption Rate relating to such Automatic Early 
Redemption Date.
"Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business 
Day, provided that no Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or additional payment by 
reason of such postponement.
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means:
(A)
if SPS AER is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 
is; or
(B)
if SPS AER is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms,
(a) in the case of a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent at the Valuation Time on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is, and 
(b) in the case of an Index Basket, that the amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
being equal to the sum of the values of each Index (the value of an Index being the product 
of (x) the level of such Index as determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time 
on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, and (y) of the applicable Weighting) 
is, in each case,
(i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "lower than" or (iv) "lower than or 
equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level (specified in the Final Terms) as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, or (y) 
on each Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s) falling in an Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means (i) in the case of a single Index, the level 
of the Index, and (ii) in the case of an Index Basket, the level of the Index Basket, in each 
case (x) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (y) or calculated pursuant to 
Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, if SPS AER is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, all subject to the "Adjustments to the 
Index" specified in Condition 2 above.
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, (x) the rate specified as such, (y) or calculated pursuant to Conditions 
1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS AER is specified as 
being applicable, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if any such date is not a Trading Day, the following Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Disruption Event occurs on such 
date, in which case, the corresponding provisions in the definition "Valuation Date" shall 
apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were instead 
to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date".
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
"SPS AER Value" means the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 
1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 116 ---
116.
WS0101.36205449.4
7.
DEFINITIONS
"Additional Disruption Event" means any Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, 
Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, 
in each case if specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms.
"Affiliate" means in respect of a company (the "First Company"), any company 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by the First Company, any company which controls, 
directly or indirectly, the First Company or any company directly or indirectly controlled 
by the same company as the First Company. For the purposes of this definition, "control" 
means the holding of a majority of the voting rights and/or share capital in a company.
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging date in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if any such date is not a Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case:
(a)
if "Omission" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, then such date 
shall be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging date for the purposes of determining 
the relevant Settlement Price. If through the operation of this provision, no 
Averaging date would occur, then the provisions in the definition of "Valuation 
Date" shall apply for the purpose of determining the relevant level, price or amount 
on the final Averaging date as if such final Averaging date were a Valuation Date 
that was a Disrupted Day; or
(b)
if "Postponement" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, then the 
provisions in the definition of "Valuation Date" shall apply for the purpose of 
determining the relevant level, price or amount on the relevant Averaging date as if 
such Averaging date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective 
of whether, pursuant to such determination, such deferred Averaging date would fall 
on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging date; or
(c)
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms then:
(i)
in the case of Notes which are Index Linked Notes (Single Index), the 
Averaging date shall be the next following Valid Date (as defined below). If 
the next following Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive 
Trading Days equal to the Maximum Number of Disrupted Days immediately 
following the original date which, but for the occurrence of another Averaging 
date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging date, then (A) 
such last consecutive Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging date 
(irrespective of whether such Trading Day is already an Averaging date), and 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the applicable level or price for the 
relevant Averaging date in accordance with paragraph (a)(b) of the definition 
"Valuation Date" below;
(ii)
in the case of Notes which are Index Linked Notes (Index Basket), the 
Averaging date for each Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the initially scheduled Averaging date (the "Scheduled 
Averaging date") and the Averaging date for an Index affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the next following Valid Date for the 
relevant Index. If the next following Valid Date for such Index has not 
occurred for a number of consecutive Trading Days equal to the Maximum 
Number of Disrupted Days immediately following the original date which, 
but for the occurrence of another Averaging date or Disrupted Day, would 
have been the final Averaging date, then (A) such last Trading Day shall be

--- Page 117 ---
117.
WS0101.36205449.4
deemed to be the Averaging date (irrespective of whether such Trading Day 
is already an Averaging date) for the relevant Index, and (B) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the applicable level, price or amount for the relevant 
Averaging date in accordance with paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition 
"Valuation Date" below; and 
(iii)
for the purposes of the Index Linked Note Terms, "Valid Date" means a 
Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day and on which no other Averaging 
date occurs or is deemed to occur.
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (included) (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) due to (A) the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any law and/or regulation relating to tax or to 
solvency and/or capital adequacy requirements), (B) the promulgation of, or any change in 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction, 
of, any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or 
financial supervisory authority), or (C) the combined effect of any of the events described 
in (A) and (B): 
(a) it has become illegal for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates, or any counterparty of 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates under any hedging transaction relating to the Notes, 
to hold, acquire or dispose of any hedging position in respect of such Notes; or 
(b) the Issuer would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, 
due to any tax, solvency or capital adequacy requirement) in respect of maintaining 
the Notes or the holding, acquisition or disposal of any hedging position in respect 
of an Index.
"Clearing System" means the principal domestic clearing system normally used for 
settling transactions on the relevant securities.
"Clearing System Day" means, in respect of a Clearing System, a day on which such 
Clearing System is (or would, but for the occurrence of an event rendering it impossible 
for the Clearing System to settle transactions on a relevant security, have been) open for 
acceptance and execution of settlement instructions.
"Composite Index" means an index based on a universe of securities listed on different 
exchanges, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or if not specified, any index 
deemed as such by the Calculation Agent.
"Composite Index Component" means, in respect of a Composite Index, each security in 
such Index.
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, three Business Days prior to 
such Determination Date, unless provided otherwise in the relevant Final Terms.
"Determination Date(s)" means the Coupon Determination Date and/or the Determination 
Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Disrupted Day" means:
(a)
in the case of a Composite Index, a Trading Day on which: (i) the Index Sponsor 
fails to publish the level of the Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for 
trading during its regular trading session; or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred; and

--- Page 118 ---
118.
WS0101.36205449.4
(b)
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, a Trading Day on which (i) 
the relevant Exchange and/or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its/their regular trading session or (ii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred.
"Early Closure" means:
(a)
in the case of a Composite Index, the closure, on any Exchange Business Day on the 
Exchange on which a Composite Index Component is traded or of the Related 
Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such early closure has been 
announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session 
on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange for execution at the Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day; and
(b)
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, the closure, on any Exchange 
Business Day, of any Exchange on which securities whose value represents 20% or 
more (individually or collectively) of the level of such Index are traded or of any 
Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such early closure has 
been announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange, at least one hour prior to 
the earlier of: (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange or Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the relevant Exchange or the 
Related Exchange for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business 
Day.
"Exchange" means:
(a)
in the case of a Composite Index, in respect of each Composite Index Component, 
the principal exchange on which such Composite Index Component is traded, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and
(b)
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, each exchange or quotation 
system specified for such Index in the relevant Final Terms, any successor exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in securities comprised in such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
securities comprised in such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange).
"Exchange Business Day" means (i) in the case of a single Index, an Exchange Business 
Day (Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of an Index Basket, (a) an Exchange Business 
Day (All Indices Basis), or (b) an Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis), in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided however that if no such basis is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply.
"Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)" means a Trading Day on which (i) in 
respect of all Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions for such 
Indices, notwithstanding that such Exchange or Related Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) in respect of Composite Indices, (a) the Index Sponsor 
publishes the level of such Composite Indices and (b) each Related Exchange (where 
applicable) is open for trading, during its regular trading session for such Composite 
Indices, notwithstanding that such Related Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time.

--- Page 119 ---
119.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)" means:
(a)
in the case of a Composite Index, a Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor 
publishes the level of such Composite Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is open 
for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding that such Related 
Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; and
(b)
in other cases, a Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange for such Index are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding that such Exchange or Related Exchange closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.
"Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)" means a Trading Day on which (i) in 
respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and Related 
Exchange (where applicable), are open for trading during their regular trading session, 
notwithstanding that such Exchange or Related Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and (ii) in respect of a Composite Index, (a) the Index Sponsor publishes the 
level of such Composite Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if any, is open for 
trading during its regular trading session for such Composite Index, notwithstanding that 
such Related Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.
"Exchange Disruption" means:
(a)
in the case of a Composite Index, an event (other than an Early Closure) which 
disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (A) any 
Composite Index Component on the relevant Exchange for such Composite Index 
Component, or (B) futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Index on 
the Related Exchange; and
(b)
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, an event (other than an Early 
Closure) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the 
ability of market participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values, on the relevant Exchange(s), for securities whose value represents 20% or 
more (individually or collectively) of the level of the relevant Index, or (B) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such Index on any relevant Related Exchange.
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or any 
counterparty of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates under any hedging transaction relating to 
the Notes is unable, despite its reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or forward 
contract(s) or options contract(s) that it deems necessary to hedge the risks assumed by the 
Issuer (including but without limitation the equity price risk, foreign exchange risk or any 
other relevant price risk) in relation to issuing the Notes and performing its obligations 
under the Notes, or (B) to freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or forward contract(s) or options contract(s) 
or any hedging position in respect of an Index or the Notes.
"Hedging Shares" means the number of securities comprised in an Index that the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary for the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to hedge the 
equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations under the Notes.
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, 
cost or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish,

--- Page 120 ---
120.
WS0101.36205449.4
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary 
to hedge the risk (including, but without limitation, the equity price risk, foreign exchange 
risk and interest rate risk) of issuing the Notes and performing its obligations under the 
Notes or to (B) realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any 
such transactions or assets, provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of 
its subsidiaries shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or 
any counterparty of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates under any hedging transaction relating 
to the Notes would incur a rate to borrow any Stock comprised in an Index that is greater 
than Initial Stock Loan Rate.
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked 
Note Terms, the index or indices specified in the relevant Final Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly.
"Index Basket" means (i) a basket comprising each Index specified in the relevant Final 
Terms assigned with the weightings specified in the Final Terms or (ii) a Relative 
Performance Basket.
"Index Correction Period" means (i) the period specified in the relevant Final Terms, or 
(ii) if no period is specified, (a) a Settlement Cycle, in respect of an Index which is not a 
Composite Index and (b) five Exchange Business Days in respect of a Composite Index, 
in each case following the initial date of publication of the Index.
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of an Index, the company or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, relating to such Index and (b) publishes (directly or 
through an agent) the level of such Index regularly during each Trading Day, and which, 
on the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified for such Index in the relevant Final Terms.
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Composite Index Component, the initial 
stock loan rate specified for such security in the relevant Final Terms.
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate or any counterparty of 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates under any hedging transaction relating to the Notes is 
unable, after using reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any 
component security comprised in an Index in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a 
rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate.
"Maximum Number of Disrupted Days" means eight (8) Trading Days or any other 
number of Trading Days specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Composite Index Component, the 
maximum stock loan rate specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or if 
any such date is not a Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition "Averaging date" shall 
apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging date" were instead 
to "Observation Date".
"Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 121 ---
121.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of an Index, each exchange or quotation system on 
which futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Index are traded, or each 
exchange or quotation system specified for such Index in the relevant Final Terms, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on 
such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange), provided however that if "All Exchanges" is specified as Related Exchange in 
the relevant Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation 
system on which trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on 
the market as a whole for futures and options contracts on such Index.
"Relative Performance Basket" means a basket comprising the Indices specified in the 
relevant Final Terms where no weighting shall be applicable and where the Final 
Redemption Amount shall be determined by reference to the Index which is either (i) the 
best performing, (ii) the worst performing, or (iii) by reference to any other measure of 
performance applied to the Indices, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange 
on the relevant Trading Day, without regard to after-hours or any other trading outside of 
the regular trading sessions, subject as provided in "Valuation Time" below.
"Scheduled Strike Date" means any initial date which, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date.
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any initial date which, but for the occurrence of the 
event causing the Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date.
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the relevant Final Terms, or any successor page 
or service.
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Index, the period equal to the number of 
Clearing System Days following a trade in the Composite Index Components on the 
Exchange (or in the case of an Index for which more than one Exchange is relevant, the 
longest of such periods) in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules 
of such Exchange.
"Settlement Price" means subject as provided in the definition "Strike Date", "Averaging 
date", "Observation Date" or "Valuation Date", as the case may be:
(a)
in the case of Index Linked Notes (Single Index), (1) an amount equal to the official 
closing level of the Index or Composite Index, as the case may be, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent or (2) if such option is selected in the relevant Final Terms, 
an amount equal to the level of the Index or Composite Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on the Averaging Date or otherwise on the 
applicable Settlement Price Date; and
(b)
in the case of Index Linked Notes (Index Basket) and in respect of each Index 
comprised in the Index Basket, (1) an amount equal to the official closing level of 
the Index or Composite Index, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent or (2) if such option is selected in the relevant Final Terms, an amount equal 
to the level of the Index or Composite Index as determined by the Calculation Agent 
at the Valuation Time on the applicable Averaging date if the reference "Averaging" 
appears in the relevant Final Terms or otherwise at the Valuation Time on the

--- Page 122 ---
122.
WS0101.36205449.4
applicable Settlement Price Date and, in each case, multiplied by the applicable 
Weighting.
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation 
Date, as the case may be.
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if such day 
is not a Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Trading Day unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then:
(a)
in the case of Index Linked Notes (Single Index), the Strike Date shall be the 
immediately succeeding Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of 
the Trading Days during a period equal to the Maximum Number of Disrupted Days 
immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. In such case, 
(i) the last Trading Day in such period shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, 
irrespective of whether such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the applicable level or price by determining the level of the Index at 
the Valuation Time on the last Trading Day of such period in accordance with the 
latest formula and the latest method for calculating the Index in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, using the price traded or quoted on the 
Exchange at the Valuation Time on such last Trading Day for each security 
comprised in the Index (or, if an event causing a Disrupted Day has occurred in 
respect of a security on such last Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value of 
the relevant security at the Valuation Time on such last Trading Day); or
(b)
in the case of Index Linked Notes (Index Basket), the Strike Date for each Index not 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Strike Date, 
and the Strike Date for each Index (each an "Affected Index") affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the next following Trading Day which is not 
an Affected Index Disrupted Day, unless each of the Trading Days during a period 
equal to the Maximum Number of Disrupted Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day for the Affected Index. In such case, (i) 
the last Trading Day in such period shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the 
Affected Index, irrespective of whether such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the applicable level on price using for the 
Affected Index, the level or, as the case may be, the value of such Affected Index on 
the basis of the level of the relevant Index at the Valuation Time on the last Trading 
Day in the period in accordance with the latest formula and latest method for 
calculating such Index in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the price traded or quoted on the Exchange at the Valuation Time on the last 
Trading Day in the period for each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event 
causing a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of a security on such last 
consecutive Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value of the relevant security 
at the Valuation Time on such last Trading Day) and otherwise, in accordance with 
the provisions above.
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Trading Day (Single Index 
Basis) or (ii) in the case of an Index Basket, (a) Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or (b) 
Trading Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided however that if no such basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Trading 
Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply.
"Trading Day (All Indices Basis)" means (i) in respect of an Index which is not a 
Composite Index, a day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange relating to

--- Page 123 ---
123.
WS0101.36205449.4
such Index must be open for trading during its/their respective regular trading session(s), 
and (ii) in respect of a Composite Index, a day on which (a) the Index Sponsor is due to 
publish the level of such Composite Index and (b) each Related Exchange is due to be open 
for trading during its regular trading session for such Composite Index.
"Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" means:
(a)
in respect of a Composite Index a day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is due to 
publish the level of such Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is due to be open for 
trading during its regular trading session; and
(b)
in all other cases, a day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related 
Exchange for such Index are due to be open for trading during its/their respective 
regular trading session(s).
"Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" means a day on which (i) in respect of an Index 
which is not a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, 
if any, must be open for trading during its/their respective regular trading session(s), and 
(ii) in respect of a Composite Index, (a) the relevant Index Sponsor is due to publish the 
level of such Composite Index and (b) the relevant Related Exchange, if any, is due to be 
open for trading during its regular trading session for such Composite Index.
"Trading Disruption" means:
(a)
in the case of a Composite Index, any suspension or limitation on trading imposed 
by the Exchange or the relevant Related Exchange or any other person, whether by 
reason of price fluctuations exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or the 
relevant Related Exchange or otherwise (i) relating to a Composite Index 
Component on the relevant Exchange or (ii) concerning futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such Index on the Related Exchange; and
(b)
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, any suspension or limitation 
on trading imposed by the Exchange or the relevant Related Exchange or any other 
person, whether by reason of price fluctuations exceeding limits permitted by the 
Exchange or the relevant Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to securities 
representing twenty per cent (20%) or more (individually or collectively) of the level 
of such Index on any relevant Exchange or (b) concerning futures contracts or 
options contracts relating to such Index on any relevant Related Exchange.
"Valuation Date" means the Interest Valuation Date and/or the Redemption Valuation 
Date, as the case may be, specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then:
(a)
in the case of Index Linked Notes (Single Index), the Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the Trading 
Days during a period equal to the Maximum Number of Disrupted Days immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In such case, (i) such 
last Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, irrespective of whether 
such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price by determining the level of the Index at the Valuation Time on such 
last Trading Day in accordance with the latest formula and latest method for 
calculating the Index in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, 
using the price traded or quoted on the Exchange at the Valuation Time on such last 
Trading Day for each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event causing a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of a security on such last Trading Day, its

--- Page 124 ---
124.
WS0101.36205449.4
good faith estimate of the value of the relevant security at the Valuation Time on 
such last Trading Day); or
(b)
in the case of Index Linked Notes (Index Basket), the Valuation Date for each Index 
not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation 
Date, and the Valuation Date for each Index affected (each an "Affected Index") by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the next following Trading Day which is 
not an Affected Index Disrupted Day unless each of the Trading Days during a 
period equal to the Maximum Number of Disrupted Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for the Affected Index. In such case, 
(i) such last Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected 
Index, irrespective of whether such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Settlement Price using, for the Affected Index, the level 
or value as the case may be, determined by using the level of such Index at the 
Valuation Time on such last Trading Day in accordance with the latest formula and 
latest method for calculating such Index in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the price traded or quoted on the Exchange at the Valuation 
Time on such last Trading Day for each security comprised in the Index (or, if an 
event causing a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of a security on such last 
Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value of the relevant security at the 
Valuation Time on such last Trading Day) and otherwise as provided above.
"Valuation Time" means:
(a)
the Interest Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or
(b)
if not specified in the relevant Final Terms:
(i)
in the case of a Composite Index, means for such Index: (i) for the purpose of 
determining the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event: (a) in respect of a 
Composite Index Component, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange 
for such Composite Index Component, and (b) in respect of futures contracts 
or options contracts on the Index, the close of trading on the Related 
Exchange; and (ii) in all other cases, the time at which the official closing 
level of the Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor; or
(ii)
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, means the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant date. If the Exchange closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Interest Valuation Time 
or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, is after the actual closing time for 
its regular trading session, then the Interest Valuation Time or the Valuation 
Time, as the case may be, shall be such actual closing time.
8. STRATEGY INDEX
Conditions 9 to 14 shall apply if "Strategy Index" is specified as being applicable in the 
Final Terms. In the event of conflict between the provisions of Conditions 9 to 14 and the 
other Index Linked Note Terms, Conditions 9 to 14 shall prevail.
9. ADJUSTMENTS TO A STRATEGY INDEX AND STRATEGY INDEX DISRUPTION 
9.1A Successor Index Sponsor calculates and announces a Successor Strategy Index
If a Strategy Index (i) is not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and published by a successor to the Index Sponsor (the "Successor Index 
Sponsor") acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) is replaced by a successor Strategy

--- Page 125 ---
125.
WS0101.36205449.4
Index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Strategy 
Index, then in each case such Strategy Index (the "Successor Strategy Index") shall be 
deemed to be the Strategy Index. 
9.2Strategy Index Modification, Strategy Index Cancellation and Strategy Index Disruption 
If (i) at any time before the last Valuation Date, last Observation Date or last Averaging 
date (included), the Index Sponsor or (where applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor 
makes or announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method 
of calculating a Strategy Index or, in any other way materially modifies that Strategy Index 
(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Strategy 
Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation or in contracts or 
commodities or other routine events) (a "Strategy Index Modification"), or permanently 
cancels a Strategy Index without providing a Successor Strategy Index (a "Strategy Index 
Cancellation"), or (ii) on any Valuation Date, Observation Date, or Averaging date, the 
Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor ceases to calculate and/or 
publish a Strategy Index or such date is not a Strategy Index Business Day (a "Strategy 
Index Disruption" and, together with Strategy Index Modification and Strategy Index 
Cancellation, each a "Strategy Index Adjustment Event"), then:
(a)
in the case of Strategy Index Linked Notes (Single Strategy Index) where 
Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day (Single Strategy Index Basis) is specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then:
(i)
if the Strategy Index Adjustment Event is a Strategy Index 
Disruption which occurs or subsists on the last Valuation Date, last Averaging 
date or last Observation Date, then such Valuation Date, Averaging date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be, shall be the next Scheduled Strategy 
Index Business Day following that on which any Strategy Index Disruption 
has ceased to exist, unless there is a Strategy Index Disruption on each 
Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day during a period equal to the 
Maximum Number of Disrupted Days immediately following the scheduled 
Valuation Date, Averaging date or Observation Date, as the case may be, and 
in such case the last Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day shall be deemed 
to be the Valuation Date, Averaging date or Observation Date, as the case 
may be, irrespective of the Strategy Index Disruption. The Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Settlement Price using reasonable efforts to calculate the 
level of the Strategy Index at the Valuation Time on such last Scheduled 
Strategy Index Business Day in accordance with the latest formula and 
method for calculating the Strategy Index in effect prior to the occurrence of 
the Strategy Index Disruption and using its good faith estimate of the value of 
the Strategy Index components; 
(ii) following a Strategy Index Modification or Strategy Index 
Cancellation at any time or a Strategy Index Disruption (which in this case 
occurs or exists on the Strike Date, an Averaging date (other than the last 
Averaging date), an Observation Date (other than the last Observation Date) 
or a Valuation Date (other than the last Valuation Date), the Calculation Agent 
shall determine whether such Strategy Index Adjustment Event has a material 
effect on the Notes, and in such case:
(A)
if the Strategy Index Adjustment Event is a Strategy Index Disruption 
which occurs or exists on the Strike Date, an Averaging date or an 
Observation Date, the Calculation Agent may determine that the 
relevant Strike Date, Averaging date or Observation Date, as the case

--- Page 126 ---
126.
WS0101.36205449.4
may be, shall be the next following Scheduled Strategy Index Business 
Day (in the case of a Strike Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an 
Averaging date or Observation Date, as the case may be), unless there 
is a Strategy Index Disruption on each Scheduled Strategy Index 
Business Day during a period equal to the Maximum Number of 
Disrupted Days immediately following the scheduled Strike Date, 
Averaging date or Observation Date, as the case may be. In such case, 
the Calculation Agent may decide that such last Scheduled Strategy 
Index Business Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, Averaging 
date or Observation Date, as the case may be (ignoring the fact that, in 
the case of an Averaging date or Observation Date, such last Scheduled 
Strategy Index Business Day is already an Averaging date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be) and may determine the 
Settlement Price using reasonable efforts to calculate a level for the 
Strategy Index at the Valuation Time on such last Scheduled Strategy 
Index Business Day in accordance with the latest formula and method 
for calculating the Strategy Index in effect prior to the occurrence of 
the Strategy Index Disruption and using its good faith estimate of the 
value of the Strategy Index components; or
(B)
the Calculation Agent may use reasonable efforts to select a successor 
index with a substantially similar strategy to that of the original 
Strategy Index and, once such Index has been selected, the Calculation 
Agent shall promptly notify the Noteholders; such index shall become 
the Successor Strategy Index and shall be deemed to be the "Strategy 
Index" for the purposes of the Notes and the Calculation Agent shall, 
to the extent possible and if necessary, make adjustments to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and the relevant Final Terms to take 
account of the Strategy Index Adjustment Event; or
(C)
the Calculation Agent may determine any appropriate adjustment to 
any amount payable under the Notes and the effective date of such 
adjustment and, to the extent possible, adjust the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and the relevant Final Terms accordingly to take account 
of the Strategy Index Adjustment Event; or
(D)
unless "Deferred Redemption following a Strategy Index Adjustment 
Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent may request, by notice to the Issuer, that the Issuer 
redeem the Notes. The Issuer shall redeem the Notes, on the early 
redemption date notified to the Noteholders, at their market value 
taking into account the Strategy Index Adjustment Event, less the cost 
of unwinding any underlying hedging arrangements (the "Strategy 
Index Adjustment Amount") as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as soon as possible after the Strategy Index Adjustment Event has 
occurred (the "Strategy Index Adjustment Amount Determination 
Date"). Payment shall be made in the manner notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes; or
(E)
if "Deferred Redemption following a Strategy Index Adjustment 
Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the Strategy Index Adjustment 
Amount on the Strategy Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date 
and notify the Issuer thereof. The Issuer shall, on the Maturity Date, 
redeem each Note in an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 127 ---
127.
WS0101.36205449.4
equal to the Strategy Index Adjustment Amount, together with interest 
accrued as from the Strategy Index Adjustment Amount Determination 
Date (included) up to the Maturity Date (excluded) at a rate specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or if no such rate is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, no amount of additional interest shall be payable; or 
(F)
in the case of a Strategy Index Modification which occurs on the last 
Valuation Date, last Averaging date or last Observation Date only, the 
Calculation Agent may elect to calculate the level of the Strategy Index 
using, instead of a published level for the Strategy Index on the 
Valuation Date, Averaging date or Observation Date as the case may 
be, the level of the Strategy Index on such date determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the latest formula and method for 
calculating the Strategy Index in effect prior to the Strategy Index 
Modification, but using only those components comprised in the 
Strategy Index before the Strategy Index Modification.
(b)
in the case of Strategy Index Linked Notes (Strategy Index Basket) where 
Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day (All Strategy Indices Basis) is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(i)
if the Strategy Index Adjustment Event is a Strategy Index 
Disruption which occurs or exists in respect of a Strategy Index (each an 
"Affected Strategy Index") on the last Valuation Date, last Averaging date 
or last Observation Date, then such Valuation Date, Averaging date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be, in respect of all Strategy Indices in the 
Basket shall be the next Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day following 
that on which any Strategy Index Disruption has ceased to exist in respect of 
a Strategy Index in the Basket, unless there is a Strategy Index Disruption in 
respect of any Strategy Indices in the Basket on each of the Scheduled 
Strategy Index Business Days during a period equal to the Maximum Number 
of Disrupted Days immediately following the scheduled Valuation Date, 
Averaging date or Observation Date, as the case may be, and in such case 
such last Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date, Averaging date or Observation Date, as the case may be, for 
all of the Strategy Indices in the Basket, irrespective of the Strategy Index 
Disruption in respect of an Affected Strategy Index. The Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Settlement Price (x) using in respect of a Strategy Index 
which is not an Affected Strategy Index, the method described in part (a) of 
the definition "Settlement Price" in Condition 14 and (y) in respect of a 
Strategy Index in the Basket which is an Affected Strategy Index, by making 
reasonable efforts to calculate the level of the relevant Strategy Index at the 
Valuation Time on such last consecutive Scheduled Strategy Index Business 
Day in accordance with the latest formula and method for calculating the 
relevant Strategy Index in effect prior to the occurrence of the Strategy Index 
Disruption and using its good faith estimate of the value of the Strategy Index 
components;
(ii) following any Strategy Index Modification or Strategy Index 
Cancellation at any time or a Strategy Index Disruption which in this case 
occurs or exists on the Strike Date, an Averaging date (other than the last 
Averaging date), an Observation Date (other than the last Observation Date) 
or a Valuation Date (other than the last Valuation Date), the Calculation Agent 
shall determine whether such Strategy Index Adjustment Event has a material 
effect on the Notes, and in such case:

--- Page 128 ---
128.
WS0101.36205449.4
(A)
if the Strategy Index Adjustment Event is a Strategy Index Disruption 
which occurs or exists on the Strike Date, an Averaging date or an 
Observation Date, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Strike 
Date, or relevant Averaging date or relevant Observation Date, as the 
case may be, in respect of all Strategy Indices in the Basket, shall be 
the next Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day (in the case of the 
Strike Date) or the Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be) following that on which any 
Strategy Index Disruption has ceased to exist for any Strategy Index 
(each an "Affected Strategy Index") comprised in the Basket, unless 
there is a Strategy Index Disruption on each of the Scheduled Strategy 
Index Business Days during a period equal to the Maximum Number 
of Disrupted Days immediately following the scheduled Strike Date, 
Averaging date or Observation Date, as the case may be, in which case 
the Calculation Agent may determine that such last Scheduled Strategy 
Index Business Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, Averaging 
date or Observation Date, as the case may be (ignoring the fact that, in 
the case of an Averaging date or Observation Date, such last Scheduled 
Strategy Index Business Day is already an Averaging date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be) for all Strategy Indices in the 
basket. The Calculation Agent may determine the Settlement Price (x) 
using in respect of a Strategy Index in the Basket which is not an 
Affected Strategy Index, the method described in part (a) of the 
definition "Settlement Price" in Condition 14 (Definitions) below and 
(y) in respect of a Strategy Index in the Basket which is an Affected 
Strategy Index, by making reasonable efforts to calculate the level of 
the relevant Strategy Index at the Valuation Time on such last 
Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day in accordance with the latest 
formula and method for calculating the relevant Strategy Index in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the Strategy Index Disruption and using its 
good faith estimate of the value of the Strategy Index components; or
(B)
the Calculation Agent may use reasonable efforts to select a successor 
index with a strategy substantially similar to that of the initial Strategy 
Index and, once such Index has been selected, the Calculation Agent 
shall promptly give notice thereof to the Noteholders and such index 
shall become the Successor Strategy Index and shall be deemed to be a 
"Strategy Index" for the purposes of the Notes and the Calculation 
Agent shall, to the extent possible and if necessary, make adjustments 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the relevant Final Terms 
to take account of the Strategy Index Adjustment Event; or
(C)
the Calculation Agent may determine any appropriate adjustment to 
any amount payable under the Notes and the effective date of such 
adjustment and, to the extent possible, adjust the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and the relevant Final Terms accordingly to take account 
of the Strategy Index Adjustment Event; or
(D)
unless "Deferred Redemption following a Strategy Index Adjustment 
Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent may request, by notice to the Issuer, that the Issuer 
redeem the Notes. The Issuer shall redeem the Notes, on the early 
redemption date notified to the Noteholders, at their market value 
taking into account the Strategy Index Adjustment Event, less the cost 
of unwinding any underlying hedging arrangements (the "Strategy 
Index Adjustment Amount") as calculated by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 129 ---
129.
WS0101.36205449.4
as soon as possible after the Strategy Index Adjustment Event has 
occurred (the "Strategy Index Adjustment Amount Determination 
Date"). Payment shall be made in the manner notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes; or
(E)
if "Deferred Redemption following a Strategy Index Adjustment 
Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the Strategy Index Adjustment 
Amount on the Strategy Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date 
and notify the Issuer thereof. The Issuer shall, on the Maturity Date, 
redeem each Note in an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the Strategy Index Adjustment Amount, together with interest 
accrued as from the Strategy Index Adjustment Amount Determination 
Date (included) up to the Maturity Date (excluded) at a rate specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, or if no such rate is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, no amount of additional interest shall be payable; or
(F)
in the case of a Strategy Index Modification which occurs in respect of 
a Strategy Index in the Basket on the last Valuation Date, last 
Averaging date or last Observation Date only, the Calculation Agent 
may elect to calculate the level of such Strategy Index using, instead of 
a published level for the Strategy Index on the Valuation Date, 
Averaging date or Observation Date as the case may be, the level of the 
Strategy Index on such date determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the latest formula and method for calculating the 
Strategy Index in effect prior to the Strategy Index Modification, but 
using only those components comprised in the Strategy Index before 
the Strategy Index Modification.
(c)
in the case of Strategy Index Linked Notes (Strategy Index Basket) where 
Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day (Per Strategy Index Basis) is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then:
(i)
if the Strategy Index Adjustment Event is a Strategy Index 
Disruption which occurs or exists on the last Valuation Date, last Averaging 
date or last Observation Date, then the Valuation Date, Averaging date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be, for each Strategy Index not affected by 
the occurrence of the Strategy Index Disruption shall be the last scheduled 
Valuation Date, Averaging date or Observation Date as the case may be, and 
the Valuation Date, Averaging date or Observation Date, as the case may be, 
for each Strategy Index in the Basket affected by the Strategy Index 
Disruption (each an "Affected Strategy Index") shall be the next Scheduled 
Strategy Index Business Day following that on which any Strategy Index 
Disruption has ceased to exist for such Affected Strategy Index, unless there 
is a Strategy Index Disruption on each Scheduled Strategy Index Business 
Day during a period equal to the Maximum Number of Disrupted Days 
immediately following the scheduled Valuation Date, Averaging date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be, and in such case such last consecutive 
Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation 
Date, Averaging date or Observation Date, as the case may be, for the relevant 
Affected Strategy Index. The Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Settlement Price by using reasonable efforts to determine the level of the 
relevant Affected Strategy Index at the Valuation Time on such last Scheduled 
Strategy Index Business Day in accordance with the latest formula and 
method for calculating the relevant Affected Strategy Index in effect prior to

--- Page 130 ---
130.
WS0101.36205449.4
the occurrence of the Strategy Index Disruption and using its good faith 
estimate of the value of the Affected Strategy Index components;
(ii) following any Strategy Index Modification or Strategy Index 
Cancellation or a Strategy Index Disruption which in this case occurs or exists 
on the Strike Date, an Averaging date (other than the last Averaging date), an 
Observation Date (other than the last Observation Date) or a Valuation Date 
(other than the last Valuation Date), the Calculation Agent shall determine 
whether such Strategy Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the 
Notes, and in such case:
(A)
if the Strategy Index Adjustment Event is a Strategy Index Disruption 
which occurs or subsists on the Strike Date, an Averaging Date or an 
Observation Date, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Strike 
Date, or relevant Averaging Date or relevant Observation Date, as the 
case may be, in respect of each Strategy Index in the Basket not affected 
by the occurrence of the Strategy Index Disruption shall be the 
scheduled Strike Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case 
may be, and the Strike Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as 
the case may be, for each Strategy Index in the Basket affected by the 
Strategy Index Disruption (each an "Affected Strategy Index") shall 
be the next Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day (in the case of a 
Strike Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging DateAveraging 
Date or Observation Date, as the case may be) following that on which 
any Strategy Index Disruption has ceased to exist for such Affected 
Strategy Index, unless there is a Strategy Index Disruption on each 
Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day during a period equal to the 
Maximum Number of Disrupted Days immediately following the 
scheduled Strike Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case 
may be. In such case the Calculation Agent may determine that such 
last Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Strike Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be 
(ignoring the fact that, in the case of an Averaging Date or Observation 
Date, such last Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day is already an 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be) for the 
relevant Affected Strategy Index and may determine the Settlement 
Price using reasonable efforts to determine a level for the relevant 
Affected Strategy Index at the Valuation Time on such last consecutive 
Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day in accordance with the latest 
formula and method for calculating the relevant Affected Strategy 
Index in effect prior to the occurrence of the Strategy Index Disruption 
and using its good faith estimate of the value of the Strategy Index 
components; or 
(B)
the Calculation Agent may use reasonable efforts to select a successor 
index with a strategy substantially similar to that of the initial Strategy 
Index and, once such Index has been selected, the Calculation Agent 
shall promptly give notice thereof to the Noteholders and such index 
shall become the Successor Strategy Index and shall be deemed to be a 
"Strategy Index" for the purposes of the Notes and the Calculation 
Agent shall, to the extent possible and if necessary, make adjustments 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the relevant Final Terms 
to take account of the Strategy Index Adjustment Event; or
(C)
the Calculation Agent may determine any appropriate adjustment to 
any amount payable under the Notes and the effective date of such

--- Page 131 ---
131.
WS0101.36205449.4
adjustment and, to the extent possible, adjust the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and the relevant Final Terms accordingly to take account 
of the Strategy Index Adjustment Event; or
(D)
unless "Deferred Redemption following a Strategy Index Adjustment 
Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent may request, by notice to the Issuer, that the Issuer 
redeem the Notes. The Issuer shall redeem the Notes, on the early 
redemption date notified to the Noteholders, at their market value 
taking into account the Strategy Index Adjustment Event, less the cost 
of unwinding any underlying hedging arrangements (the "Strategy 
Index Adjustment Amount") as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as soon as possible after the Strategy Index Adjustment Event has 
occurred (the "Strategy Index Adjustment Amount Determination 
Date"). Payment shall be made in the manner notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes; or 
(E)
if "Deferred Redemption following a Strategy Index Adjustment 
Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the Strategy Index Adjustment 
Amount on the Strategy Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date 
and notify the Issuer thereof. The Issuer shall, on the Maturity Date, 
redeem each Note in an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the Strategy Index Adjustment Amount, together with interest 
accrued as from the Strategy Index Adjustment Amount Determination 
Date (included) up to the Maturity Date (excluded) at a rate specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, or if no such rate is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, no amount of additional interest shall be payable; or 
(F)
in the case of a Strategy Index Modification which occurs in respect of 
a Strategy Index in a Basket on the last Valuation Date, last Averaging 
Date or last Observation Date only, the Calculation Agent may elect to 
calculate the level of such Strategy Index using, instead of a published 
level for the Strategy Index on the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or 
Observation Date as the case may be, the level of the Strategy Index on 
such date determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
latest formula and method for calculating the Strategy Index in effect 
prior to the Strategy Index Modification, but using only those 
components comprised in the Strategy Index before the Strategy Index 
Modification.
9.3Notification
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer as soon as possible of any determination or 
calculation made by it in accordance with Condition 9 (b) and any action or proposed 
action, and the Calculation Agent and the Issuer shall make such determinations and 
calculations available to the Noteholders for consultation. 
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of any decision to redeem the Notes early under 
paragraph (b) above and the corresponding early redemption date.
10. CORRECTION OF THE STRATEGY INDEX
Other than in the case of any corrections published after the Cut-Off Date, if the Strategy

--- Page 132 ---
132.
WS0101.36205449.4
Index level published on any day and used or intended to be used by the Calculation Agent 
for the purpose of any determination or calculation under the Notes is subsequently 
corrected and if the correction is published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (as the case 
may be) the relevant Successor Index Sponsor, during the Strategy Index Correction Period 
following the initial publication date, the level to be used shall be the Strategy Index level 
as corrected. Corrections published after the Cut-Off Date shall be ignored by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining any relevant amount to be paid.
11. ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENT
11.1
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Calculation Agent may:
(a)
determine and make any appropriate adjustment to any amount payable 
under the Notes, and, to the extent possible, adjust the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes and the relevant Final Terms accordingly to take account of the Additional 
Disruption Event and determine the effective date of such adjustment; or
(b)
use all reasonable efforts to select a successor index with a strategy 
substantially similar to that of the initial Strategy Index within twenty (20) 
Scheduled Strategy Index Business Days (or such other number of Scheduled 
Strategy Index Business Days as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
following the Additional Disruption Event and, once such Index has been selected, 
the Calculation Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to the Issuer and the Issuer 
shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, and such index shall become the Successor Strategy Index 
and shall be deemed to be a "Strategy Index" for the purposes of the Notes and the 
Calculation Agent shall make appropriate adjustments to any amount payable under 
the Notes and the effective date of any such adjustment and shall, to the extent 
possible, adjust the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the relevant Final Terms 
accordingly to take account of the Additional Disruption Event. Such resulting 
substitution and adjustment to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall be 
deemed to take effect as from the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
"Replacement Date") and specified in the notice described below which may, but 
shall not necessarily, be the date on which the Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred; or
(c)
unless "Deferred Redemption following an Additional Disruption Event" 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, request, by notice to the Issuer, 
that the Issuer redeem the Notes. The Issuer shall redeem the Notes, on the early 
redemption date notified to the Noteholders, at their market value taking into 
account the Additional Disruption Event less the cost of unwinding any underlying 
hedging arrangements (the "Additional Disruption Amount") as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as soon as possible after the Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred (the "Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date"). Payment 
shall be made in the manner notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
(d)
if "Deferred Redemption following an Additional Disruption Event" is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the Additional Disruption Amount on the Additional Disruption Amount 
Determination Date and notify the Issuer thereof. The Issuer shall, on the Maturity 
Date, redeem each Note in an amount equal to the Additional Disruption Amount, 
together with interest accrued as from the Additional Disruption Amount 
Determination Date (included) up to the Maturity Date (excluded) at a rate equal to 
the Issuer’s cost of refinancing or, if Protected Capital Termination Amount is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such amount is higher, at such amount.

--- Page 133 ---
133.
WS0101.36205449.4
11.2
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs and the Calculation Agent decides to take any 
action in relation to such event, it shall notify the Issuer as soon as possible and the Issuer 
shall notify the Noteholders as soon as possible in accordance with Condition 15 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes, declaring that an Additional Disruption Event has 
occurred and specifying the proposed action to be taken in relation thereto.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of any decision to redeem the Notes early under 
this Condition and the corresponding early redemption date.
12.  KNOCK-IN EVENT AND KNOCK-OUT EVENT
12.1
If "Knock-In Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, any 
payment under the Notes that is subject to a Knock-In Event, shall be conditional on the 
occurrence of such Knock-In Event.
12.2
If "Knock-Out Event" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, any payment 
under the Notes that is subject to a Knock-Out Event, shall be conditional on the occurrence 
of such Knock-Out Event.
12.3
If the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time specified 
in the relevant Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if, on any Knock-In Barrier Effective 
Date or on any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date, a Strategy Index Disruption Event 
occurs, then the Knock-In Event or the Knock-Out Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred; provided however that if, by the effect of this clause, no Knock-In Barrier 
Effective Date or Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date occurs during the Knock-In Barrier 
Effective Period or the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period, the Knock-In Barrier Effective 
Period End Date or the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period End Date shall be deemed to 
be a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Strategy 
Index at the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time or at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time 
as provided in the definition "Valuation Date".
12.4
If the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time specified 
in the relevant Final Terms is any time or period of time during the normal market opening 
hours on the relevant Exchange and if, on any Knock-In Barrier Effective Date or on any 
Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date and at any time in the hour preceding or following the 
time at which the level of the Strategy Index reaches the Knock-In Barrier or the Knock-
Out Barrier, a Strategy Index Disruption Event occurs or exists, then the Knock-In Event 
or the Knock-Out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided however that if, 
by the effect of this clause no Knock-In Barrier Effective Date or Knock-Out Barrier 
Effective Date occurs during the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period or the Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Period, the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period End Date or the Knock-
Out Barrier Effective Period End Date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Strategy Index at the Knock-In Barrier 
Valuation Time or at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time as provided in the definition 
"Valuation Date".
12.5
Definitions relating to Knock-In Events / Knock-Out Events:
"Knock-In Barrier" means (i) in the case of a single Strategy Index, the level of the 
Strategy Index and (ii) in the case of a Strategy Index Basket, the level of the Strategy 
Index Basket, in each case (x) specified as such in the Final Terms or (y) calculated 
pursuant to Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS 
Knock-In is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in each case, subject to adjustment 
where applicable in accordance with the terms of Condition 9 above (Adjustments to a 
Strategy Index and Strategy Index Disruption);

--- Page 134 ---
134.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Date" means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, or if not specified, each Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day during the 
Knock-In Barrier Effective Period;
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period" means the period commencing on the Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date included and ending on the Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Period End Date included;
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" means the date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if the Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day Convention for 
the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Strategy Index Business 
Day, the next following Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period End Date" means the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if the Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day Convention for the Knock-
In Barrier Effective Period End Date is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
and such date is not a Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day, the next following 
Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day;
"Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or if the relevant Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time, the Knock-In Barrier Valuation 
Time shall be the Valuation Time;
"Knock-In Barrier Value " means the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 
1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Knock-In Event" means:
(a)
If SPS Knock-In is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Knock-In Barrier Value is; or
(b)
If SPS Knock-In is specified as being not-applicable in the relevant Final Terms,
(i)
in respect of a single Strategy Index, that the level of the Strategy Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent at the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time 
on any Knock-In Barrier Effective Date is,
(ii)
in respect of a Strategy Index Basket, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the values of each Strategy 
Index (the value of each Strategy Index being the product of (x) the level of 
such Strategy Index at the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time on any Knock-
In Barrier Effective Date and (y) the applicable Weighting) is
in each case (A)(a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "lower than" or 
(d) "lower than or equal to" the Knock-In Barrier or (B) "within" the Knock-In 
Tunnel,
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Knock-In Barrier Effective 
Date, or (y) in respect of any Knock-In Barrier Effective Period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Knock-In Tunnel" means the tunnel specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment where applicable as provided in Condition 9;

--- Page 135 ---
135.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Knock-Out Barrier" means (i) in the case of a single Strategy Index, the level of the 
Strategy Index or (ii) in the case of a Strategy Index Basket, the level of the Strategy Index 
Basket, in each case (x) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or (y) calculated 
pursuant to Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS 
Knock-Out is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in each case, subject to 
adjustment where applicable in accordance with the terms of Condition 9 above 
(Adjustments to a Strategy Index and Strategy Index Disruption);
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date" means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, or if not specified, each Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day during the 
Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period;
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period" means the period commencing on the Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date included and ending on the Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Period End Date included;
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" means the date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if the Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day Convention 
for the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Strategy Index Business 
Day, the next following Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day;
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period End Date" means the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if the Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day Convention for the Knock-
Out Barrier Effective Period End Date is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
and such date is not a Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day, the next following 
Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day;
"Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-
Out Barrier Effective Date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or if the relevant 
Final Terms do not specify a Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time, the Knock-Out Barrier 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time;
"Knock-Out Barrier Value" means the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 
1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Knock-Out Event" means:
(a)
If SPS Knock-Out is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Knock-
Out Barrier Value is; or
(b)
If SPS Knock-Out is specified as being not-applicable in the Final Terms,
(i)
in respect of a single Strategy Index, that the level of the Strategy Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation 
Time on any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date is; and
(ii)
in respect of a Strategy Index Basket, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent being equal to the sum of the values of each Strategy Index 
(the value of each Strategy Index being the product of (x) the level of such 
Strategy Index at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time on any Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Date and (y) the applicable Weighting) is
in each case (A) (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "lower than" or 
(d) "lower than or equal to" the Knock-Out Barrier or (B) "within" the Knock-Out 
Tunnel,

--- Page 136 ---
136.
WS0101.36205449.4
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Knock-Out Barrier 
Effective Date, or (y) in respect of any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;
"Knock-Out Tunnel" means the tunnel specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment where applicable as provided in Condition 9; and
"Weighting" means the weighting specified in the relevant Final Terms.
13. AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION
13.1
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms, then unless the Notes have previously been redeemed, purchased and cancelled, if 
(i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) on each of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates in the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, 
then the Notes shall automatically be redeemed in full, and not part only, on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date immediately following the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or the end of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, 
and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such date for the redemption 
of each Note shall be an amount in the currency specified in the relevant Final Terms equal 
to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount.
13.2
Definitions relating to Automatic Early Redemption:
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means the amount determined by reference to 
the Automatic Early Redemption Payout if specified in the relevant Final Terms and, 
failing which, the product of (i) the Specified Denomination of each Note and (ii) the 
applicable Automatic Early Redemption Rate relating to such Automatic Early 
Redemption Date.
"Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business 
Day, provided that no Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or additional payment by 
reason of such postponement.
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means
(A)
If SPS AER is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 
is; or
(B)
If SPS AER is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms,
(a) in the case of a single Strategy Index, that the level of the Strategy Index determined 
by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date is, and (b) in the case of a Strategy Index Basket, that the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent being equal to the sum of the values of each Strategy 
Index (the value of a Strategy Index being the product (x) of the level of such Strategy 
Index as determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date and (y) of the applicable Weighting) is, in each case,
(i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "lower than" or (iv) "lower than or 
equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level (specified in the Final Terms), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, or (y) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s) falling in an Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 137 ---
137.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means (i) in the case of a single Strategy Index, 
the level of the Strategy Index, and (ii) in the case of a Strategy Index Basket, the level of 
the Strategy Index Basket, in each case (x) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or 
(y) calculated pursuant to Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout 
Terms, if SPS AER is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, in each case subject 
to the "Adjustments to the Strategy Index" specified in Condition 9 above.
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, (x) the rate specified as such, or (y) calculated pursuant to Conditions 
1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS AER is specified as 
being applicable, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Strategy Index Business 
Day, the following Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, a Strategy Index Disruption Event occurs on such date, and, in such 
case, the corresponding provisions in the definition "Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were instead to 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date";
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
"SPS AER Value" means the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 
1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
14. DEFINITIONS RELATING TO STRATEGY INDICES
"Additional Disruption Event" means any Change in Law, Force Majeure Event, 
Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or 
Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Affiliate" means in respect of a company (the "First Company"), any company 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by the First Company, any company which controls, 
directly or indirectly, the First Company or any company directly or indirectly controlled 
by the same company as the First Company. For the purposes of this definition, "control" 
means the holding of a majority of the voting rights and/or share capital in a company.
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if any such 
date is not a Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
such day is a Disrupted Day, and, in such case the provisions of Condition 9.2 (Strategy 
Index Modification and Strategy Index Cancellation and Strategy Index Disruption) shall 
apply;
"Banking Day" means any weekday other than 25 December and 1 January in each year;
"Basket" and "Strategy Index Basket" means a basket comprising two or more Strategy 
Indices;
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (included) (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) due to (A) the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any law and/or regulation relating to tax or to 
solvency and/or capital adequacy requirements), (B) the promulgation of, or any change in 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction, 
of, any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or

--- Page 138 ---
138.
WS0101.36205449.4
financial supervisory authority), or (C) the combined effect of any of the events described 
in (A) and (B): 
(a)
it has become illegal for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or any counterparty of the 
Issuer or any of its Affiliates under any hedging transaction relating to the Notes to 
hold, acquire or dispose of any hedging position in respect of such Notes; or
(b)
the Issuer would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, due 
to any tax, solvency or capital adequacy requirement) in respect of the Notes or the 
holding, acquisition or disposal of any hedging position in respect of a Strategy 
Index;
"Disrupted Day" means a Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day on which a Strategy 
Index Disruption occurs or subsists in the opinion of the Calculation Agent;
"Force Majeure Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer is prevented 
from, or hindered or materially delayed in, performing its obligations under the Notes due 
to (a) any act, law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive, interpretation, decree or any 
material legislative, regulatory or administrative measure by any Governmental Authority 
or other authority or (b) the occurrence of any civil war, disruption, military action, 
disturbance, political insurrection, terrorist activity in whatever form, riot, demonstration 
and/or public protest, or the occurrence of financial or economic difficulties or any other 
cause or hindrance outside the control of the Issuer, or (c) any expropriation, confiscation, 
requisition, nationalisation or other action taken or threatened by any Governmental 
Authority having the effect of depriving the Issuer or the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
of all, or substantially all, of their assets in the relevant jurisdiction;
"Governmental Authority" means a nation, state or government, province or other 
political subdivision thereof, body, agency, ministry or tax authority, monetary authority 
or currency or other authority, court, tribunal or other department, and any other entity 
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative powers in, or 
belonging to, a state;
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or any 
counterparty of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates under any hedging transaction relating to 
the Notes is unable, despite its reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or forward 
contract(s) or options contract(s) that it deems necessary to hedge the market risk of the 
Issuer, the share price risk or any other relevant price risk, including but without limitation, 
foreign exchange risk in relation to issuing the Notes and performing its obligations under 
the Notes, or (B) to freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds 
of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or forward contract(s) or options contract(s) or any 
relevant hedging position in respect of a Strategy Index or the Notes;
"Hedging Shares" means the number of securities/commodities/components comprised in 
a Strategy Index that the Calculation Agent deems necessary for the Issuer and/or any of 
its Affiliates to hedge the equity or other price risk relating to the entry into and 
performance of its obligations under the Notes;
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer would, under any hedging transaction 
relating to the Notes, incur a materially increased (as compared with the circumstances 
existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, cost or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk (including, 
but without limitation, the equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of 
issuing the Notes and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes or to (B) realise,

--- Page 139 ---
139.
WS0101.36205449.4
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transactions or assets, 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries shall not be 
deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging;
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or 
any counterparty of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates under any hedging transaction relating 
to the Notes would incur a rate to borrow any security/commodity/component comprised 
in a Strategy Index that is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, greater than Initial 
Stock Loan Rate;
"Index Sponsor" means, in respect of a Strategy Index, the company or other entity that 
(a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, relating to such Strategy Index and (b) regularly 
calculates and publishes the level of such Strategy Index (directly or through an agent) 
pursuant to the rules of the Strategy Index, and which, on the Issue Date of the Notes, is 
the index sponsor specified for such Strategy Index in the relevant Final Terms;
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a security/commodity comprised in a 
Strategy Index, the initial stock loan rate specified for such security/commodity in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate or any counterparty of 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates under any hedging transaction relating to the Notes is 
unable, having made reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any 
securities/commodities/components comprised in a Strategy Index in an amount equal to 
the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Maximum Number of Disrupted Days" means the number of days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or if not specified, twenty (20) Scheduled Strategy Index Business 
Days;
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a security/commodity comprised in a 
Strategy Index, the maximum stock loan rate specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or if 
any such day is not a Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
such day is a Disrupted Day, and, in such case, the provisions of Condition 9.2 (Strategy 
Index Modification, Strategy Index Cancellation and Strategy Index Disruption) shall 
apply;
"Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Strategy 
Index, Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day (Single Strategy Index Basis) or (ii) in the 
case of a Strategy Index Basket, Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day (All Strategy 
Indices Basis ) or Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day (Per Strategy Index Basis), in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided however that if no such basis 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day (All 
Strategy Indices Basis ) shall apply;
"Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day (All Strategy Indices Basis )" means a 
Banking Day on which (i) the level of the Strategy Index is expected to be calculated and 
is available and (ii) the Calculation Agent determines that such day is scheduled to be a

--- Page 140 ---
140.
WS0101.36205449.4
Strategy Index Trading Day in respect of all Strategy Indices in the Basket;
"Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day (Per Strategy Index Basis)" means in respect 
of a Strategy Index, a Banking Day on which (i) the level of the Strategy Index is expected 
to be calculated and is available and (ii) the Calculation Agent determines that such day is 
scheduled to be a Strategy Index Trading Day;
"Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day (Single Strategy Index Basis)" means a 
Banking Day on which (i) the level of the Strategy Index is expected to be calculated and 
(ii) the Calculation Agent determines that such day is scheduled to be a Strategy Index 
Trading Day;
"Settlement Price" means, subject to the provisions of this Annex and to the references to 
the definitions "Averaging Date", "Observation Date" or "Valuation Date", as the case may 
be:
(a)
in the case of Strategy Index Linked Notes (Strategy Index Basket) and for each 
Strategy Index comprised in the Strategy Index Basket, an amount (which shall be 
deemed to be a monetary value in the Currency of the Index) equal to the level of 
each of such Strategy Indices determined by the Calculation Agent or, if specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms, the level of each of such Strategy Indices as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as specified in the relevant Final Terms, at the 
Valuation Time on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
either the "Strike Date", the "Knock-In Barrier Effective Date", the "Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Date", the "Observation Date" or the Valuation Date or (b) if 
Averaging is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in each 
case, multiplied by the applicable Weighting; and
(b)
in the case of Strategy Index Linked Notes (Single Strategy Index), an amount equal 
to the level of the Strategy Index as published by the Index Sponsor, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent or, if specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, the 
level of the Strategy Index as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the relevant Final Terms, at the Valuation Time on (a) if Averaging is not 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, either the "Strike Date", the "Knock-In Barrier 
Effective Date", the "Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date", the "Observation Date" or 
the Valuation Date, or (b) if Averaging is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date;
"Strategy Index" and "Strategy Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
Condition 9 (Adjustments to a Strategy Index and Strategy Index Disruption), the 
index/indices sponsored and calculated by entities other than the Issuer or a member of the 
Group, specified in the relevant Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly, provided that:
(a)
the complete set of rules of the Strategy Index and information on the performance 
of the Strategy Index are freely accessible on the Issuer’s or on the index provider’s 
website; and
(b)
the governing rules (including methodology of the index for the selection and the 
re-balancing of the components of the index, description of market disruption events 
and adjustment rules) are based on predetermined and objective criteria;
"Strategy Index Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Strategy Index, 
Strategy Index Business Day (Single Strategy Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Strategy 
Index Basket, (a) Strategy Index Business Day (All Strategy Indices Basis) or (b) Strategy 
Index Business Day (Per Strategy Index Basis), in each case as specified in the relevant

--- Page 141 ---
141.
WS0101.36205449.4
Final Terms, provided however that if no such basis is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, Strategy Index Business Day (All Strategy Indices Basis) shall apply;
"Strategy Index Business Day (All Strategy Indices Basis)" means a Scheduled Strategy 
Index Business Day on which (i) the level of the Strategy Index is calculated and available 
and (ii) where such day is a Strategy Index Trading Day in respect of all Strategy Indices 
in the Basket;
"Strategy Index Business Day (Per Strategy Index Basis)" means in respect of a Strategy 
Index, a Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day on which (i) the level of the Strategy 
Index is calculated and available and (ii) where such day is a Strategy Index Trading Day;
"Strategy Index Business Day (Single Strategy Index Basis)" means a Scheduled 
Strategy Index Business Day on which (i) the level of the Strategy Index is calculated and 
available and (ii) where such day is a Strategy Index Trading Day;
"Strategy Index Correction Period" means the period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or if none is specified, ten (10) Scheduled Strategy Index Business Days following 
the date on which the initial level was calculated and published by the Index Sponsor, and 
being the date after which all corrections to the level of the Strategy Index shall be 
disregarded for the purpose of any calculation to be made using the level of the Strategy 
Index;
"Strategy Index Trading Day" means, in respect of a Strategy Index, a Strategy Index 
Business Day on which the Calculation Agent determines that the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates is capable of performing its obligations in respect of such Strategy Index under 
the Notes.
"Strike Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if any such day 
is not a Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Strategy Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and, in such case, the provisions of Condition 9.2 (Strategy Index 
Modification, Strategy Index Cancellation and Strategy Index Disruption) shall apply;
"Strike Price" means, subject as provided in "Strike Date" above:
(a)
in the case of Strategy Index Linked Notes (Single Strategy Index), an amount equal 
to the level of the Strategy Index published by the Index Sponsor determined by the 
Calculation Agent or, if specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, the level of 
the Strategy Index determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms, at the Valuation Time on the Strike Date; and
(b)
in the case of Strategy Index Linked Notes (Strategy Index Basket) and for each 
Strategy Index comprised in the Basket, an amount equal to the level of each of such 
Strategy Indices published by the relevant Index Sponsor, in each case as determined 
by the Calculation Agent or, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the level of 
such Strategy Index determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
relevant Final Terms, at the Valuation Time on the Strike Date multiplied by the 
applicable Weighting;
Valid Date means a Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day which is not a Disrupted Day 
and on which no other Averaging Date or Observation Date occurs;
"Valuation Date" means each Interest Valuation Date and/or each Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and/or each Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Strategy Index 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Strategy Index Business Day unless,

--- Page 142 ---
142.
WS0101.36205449.4
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day and, in such case, the 
provisions of Condition 9.2 (Strategy Index Modification, Strategy Index Cancellation and 
Strategy Index Disruption) shall apply; and
"Valuation Time" means the time by reference to which the Index Sponsor determines the 
level of the Strategy Index.

--- Page 143 ---
143.
WS0101.36205449.4
TECHNICAL ANNEX 3
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO EQUITY LINKED NOTES
The terms applicable to Equity Linked Notes include the terms and conditions of the Notes set forth 
on pages 52 to 99 (the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") and the supplemental terms described 
below (the "Equity Linked Note Terms"), in each case, subject as provided in the relevant Final 
Terms. In the event of conflict between the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Equity Linked 
Note Terms, the Equity Linked Note Terms shall prevail.
All expressions beginning with a capital letter and not defined in these Equity Linked Note Terms 
shall have the meanings given thereto in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the relevant Final 
Terms.
References herein to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered 
paragraphs below.
1. MARKET DISRUPTION
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of Equity Linked Notes (Single Share or 
Basket of Shares), in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence (i) of a Trading 
Disruption or (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which, in either case, the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time, or (iii) of an Early Closure.
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders as soon as possible in accordance with 
Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day on any day which, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been the 
Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, the Automatic Early Redemption 
Event Valuation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be.
2. POTENTIAL ADJUSTMENT EVENTS AND EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS 
2.1Potential Adjustment Events
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following:
(a)
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of a Share (unless resulting 
in a Merger Event), or a free distribution of Shares or the payment of a dividend in 
the form of Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar 
issue;
(b)
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares, 
in the form of (a) such Shares, or (b) other share capital or securities granting the 
right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Basket 
Company or the Issuer of the Share, as the case may be, equally or proportionately 
with such payments to holders of such Shares, or (c) share capital or other securities 
of another issuer acquired or held (directly or indirectly) by the Basket Company or 
the Issuer of the Share, as the case may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, interests or bonus shares or other 
assets, allotted in each case in consideration for payment (cash or other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price at the relevant time, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent;
(c)
an extraordinary dividend, as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 144 ---
144.
WS0101.36205449.4
(d)
a call for funds by a Basket Company or the Issuer of the Share, as the case 
may be, in respect of Shares that are not fully paid;
(e)
a repurchase by the Basket Company or by the Issuer of the Share and/or 
any of their respective subsidiaries, as the case may be, of Shares whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise;
(f)
in respect of a Basket Company or the Issuer of the Share, as the case may 
be, an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed (including any 
financial transaction with preferential subscription rights) or becoming separated 
from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of the Basket 
Company or the Issuer of the Share, as the case may be pursuant to a shareholder 
rights scheme or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon 
the occurrence of certain events for distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event 
shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or
(g)
any other similar event that may, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
have a dilutive or concentrative effect on theoretical value of the relevant Shares.
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential 
Adjustment Event, the date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the 
relevant Basket Company or by the Issuer of the relevant Share, as the case may be, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.
Following the announcement by a Basket Company (in the case of Equity Linked Notes 
(Basket of Shares)) or the Issuer of the Share (in the case of Equity Linked Notes (Single 
Share)), as the case may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Share, and if so, (i) shall make the 
corresponding adjustments, if any, to any amount payable under the Notes and/or any 
Relevant Asset and/or Deliverable Number of Shares (as defined in the relevant Final 
Terms) (if the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) 
and/or to the Weighting (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) and/or any other terms of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or the applicable Equity Linked Note Terms, as the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate to take account of such diluting or concentrative 
effect (provided that no adjustment shall be made to take account solely of changes in the 
volatility, anticipated dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity in respect of the relevant Share) 
and (ii) shall determine the Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date and the date on 
which such adjustment shall take effect. The Calculation Agent may, but shall not be 
obliged to, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment made in 
relation to such Potential Adjustment Event by an options market on which options relating 
to the relevant Shares are traded.
Upon the occurrence of a Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent shall notify 
the Issuer thereof as soon as possible. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders as soon as 
possible in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
indicating the adjustment to be made to any Relevant Asset and/or Deliverable Number of 
Shares (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) (if the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes 
(as defined in the relevant Final Terms) and/or to the Weighting (as defined in the relevant 
Final Terms) and/or to any other term of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or the 
applicable Equity Linked Note Terms and it shall provide relevant details on the Potential 
Adjustment Event and the Effective Date of the Potential Adjustment Event.

--- Page 145 ---
145.
WS0101.36205449.4
2.2Extraordinary Events
(a)
The occurrence of any of the following events:
De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger, Nationalisation, Tender Offer, or, if specified as 
being applicable in the Final Terms, Liquidity Shortfall, Change in Listing or Listing 
Suspension, as the case may be, are deemed to be Extraordinary Events, whose 
consequences are described in Condition 2.2(b) below:
"Change in Listing" means in respect of all relevant Shares, that such Share(s) 
cease(s)s (or shall cease) to be listed or traded on the relevant compartment or market 
of the Exchange on which such Share(s) is/are listed or traded on the Issue Date, for 
whatever reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer). 
"Liquidity Shortfall" means, in respect of Equity Linked Notes (Basket of Shares), 
that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, during a period of five (5) consecutive 
Trading Days after the Issue Date (the "Relevant Period"), (a) the difference 
between the bid and ask prices in respect of a Share during the Relevant Period is 
greater than 1% (on average), and/or (b) the average purchase price or the average 
sale price, as determined by the Calculation Agent based on the order book for the 
relevant Share on the relevant Exchange during the Relevant Period, based on the 
purchase or sale of Shares with a value equal to or greater than €10,000, is greater 
than MID plus 1% (in respect of a purchase of Shares) or less than MID minus 1% 
(in respect of a sale of Shares). For the purposes of this clause, "MID" means an 
amount equal to (a) the sum of the bid price and ask price, in each case for the 
relevant Share at the applicable time (b) divided by 2.
"Merger" means in respect of all relevant Shares, (i) any reclassification or change 
of the Share that results in a transfer of, or an irrevocable commitment to transfer, 
all of such Shares in issue to another entity or person, (ii) any consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of a Basket Company or the Issuer 
of the Share, as the case may be, with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such 
Basket Company or the Issuer of the Share, as the case may be, is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares 
in issue), (iii) a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain one hundred per 
cent (100%) of the Shares in issue of the Basket Company or the Issuer of the Share, 
that results in a transfer of, or an irrevocable commitment to transfer, all of such 
Shares in issue (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or 
person), or (iv) a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of 
any Basket Company, the Issuer of the Share and/or any of their respective Affiliates 
with or into another entity in which the Basket Company or the Issuer of the Share 
is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of 
all such Shares in issue, but results in the Shares in issue (other than Shares owned 
or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than fifty per cent (50%) of the Shares outstanding immediately 
following such event (a "Reverse Merger"), provided that, in each case, the 
Effective Date of the Extraordinary Event is concomitant with or prior to (a) in the 
case of other than Physical Delivery, the last Valuation Date or, if Averaging is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the last Averaging Date or 
(b) in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the relevant Maturity Date.
"Insolvency" means the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up or any other analogous proceeding affecting 
the Basket Company or the Issuer of the Share.

--- Page 146 ---
146.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Nationalisation" means that all of the Shares or all, or substantially all, of the assets 
of a Basket Company or the Issuer of the Share, as the case may be, are nationalised, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred, in whatever manner, to any 
governmental agency, authority, public entity or instrumentality thereof.
"Tender Offer" means a take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or 
other means, more than fifty per cent (50%) and less than 100 per cent (100%) (the 
"Threshold") of the outstanding voting shares of the Basket Company or the Issuer 
of the Share, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent based upon 
the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other 
information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant.
"De-Listing" means that, in respect of the relevant Shares, the Exchange announces 
that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be 
listed or traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a 
Merger or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted 
on (i) if the Exchange is situated in the United States, the New York Stock Exchange, 
the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their 
respective successors) or (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in 
the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European 
Union, in a Member State of the European Union).
"Listing Suspension" means that in respect of any relevant Share, the listing of such 
Share on the Exchange has been suspended.
(b)
Consequences of the occurrence of Extraordinary Events:
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in respect of a Share, the Calculation Agent may 
take any of the actions described in (i), (iii), (iv) (if applicable), (v) or, in the case of 
Equity Linked Notes (Basket of Shares) only, (ii) and (vi) below:
(i)
determine the appropriate adjustment to be made to any amount 
payable under the Notes and/or to any Relevant Asset and/or Deliverable 
Number of Shares and/or Weighting and/or any other term of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, or the applicable Equity Linked Note Terms, to take 
account of the Extraordinary Event, and determine the effective date of such 
adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, 
adjustments to take account of changes in the volatility, anticipated dividends, 
stock loan rate or liquidity applicable to the Shares or the Notes. The 
Calculation Agent may (but shall not be obliged to) determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment made in respect of such 
Extraordinary Event by an options market on which options relating to the 
relevant Shares are traded. Similarly, in respect of a Basket of Shares, the 
Calculation Agent may adjust the Basket of Shares pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(vi) below;
(ii) in the case of Equity Linked Notes (Basket of Shares), demand, by 
notice sent to the Issuer, that the Issuer partially redeem the Notes. The 
fraction (the "Redeemed Amount") of each Note representing the affected 
Share(s) shall be partially redeemed and the Issuer:
(A)
shall pay to each Noteholder in respect of each Note that it holds, an 
amount equal to the market value of the Redeemed Amount, taking into 
account the Extraordinary Event, less the cost of unwinding any

--- Page 147 ---
147.
WS0101.36205449.4
underlying hedging arrangements, plus all interest accrued, if any, up 
to the effective date of redemption, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Extraordinary 
Event; and
(B)
shall request the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any amount payable under the Notes 
and/or to any Relevant Asset and/or to the Deliverable Number of 
Shares (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) (if the Notes are 
Physical Delivery Notes (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) and/or 
to the Weighting (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) and/or to any 
other term of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or the applicable 
Equity Linked Note Terms, to take account of such partial redemption. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the terms of each Note shall, except for 
such adjustment and redemption, remain unchanged. Payments shall be 
made in the manner notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes;
(iii) unless "Deferred Redemption following an Extraordinary Event" 
is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, request, by notice 
to the Issuer, that the Issuer redeem all of the Notes. The Issuer shall redeem 
the Notes in full, on the early redemption date notified to the Noteholders, at 
their market value taking into account the Extraordinary Event, less the cost 
of unwinding any underlying hedging arrangements (the "Extraordinary 
Event Amount") as calculated by the Calculation Agent as soon as possible 
after the Extraordinary Event has occurred (the "Extraordinary Event 
Amount Determination Date". Payment shall be made in the manner 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes; or
(iv) if "Deferred Redemption following an Extraordinary Event" is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall calculate the Extraordinary Event Amount on the Extraordinary 
Event Amount Determination Date and give notice thereof to the Issuer. The 
Issuer shall redeem each Note on the Maturity Date in an amount equal to the 
Extraordinary Event Amount calculated by the Calculation Agent, together 
with interest accrued as from the Extraordinary Event Amount Determination 
Date (included) up to the Maturity Date (excluded) at a rate equal to the 
Issuer’s cost of refinancing at such time or, if Protected Capital Termination 
Amount is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such amount is 
higher, at such amount;
(v) following any adjustment to the arrangements for unwinding 
options on any relevant Shares traded on the exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) determined by the Calculation Agent (the "Options Market"), 
make any corresponding adjustment to any amount payable under the Notes 
and/or any Relevant Asset and/or the Deliverable Number of Shares (as 
defined in the relevant Final Terms) (if the Notes are Physical Delivery Notes 
(as defined in the relevant Final Terms) and/or to the Weighting (as defined 
in the relevant Final Terms) and/or to any other term of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, or the applicable Equity Linked Note Terms; the 
effective date of such adjustment shall be the effective date of the 
corresponding adjustment made by the Options Market as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If options on the Shares are not traded on the Options 
Market, the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments, if any, to any 
amount payable under the Notes and/or any Relevant Asset and/or the

--- Page 148 ---
148.
WS0101.36205449.4
Deliverable Number of Shares (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) (if the 
Notes are Physical Delivery Notes (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) 
and/or to the Weighting (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) and/or any 
other term of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or the applicable Equity 
Linked Note Terms, as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate, by reference 
to the rules and market practices (if any) established by the Options Market 
to take account of the relevant Extraordinary Event, which, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, would have given rise to an adjustment by the Options 
Market if such options were traded thereon; or
(vi) as from the Effective Date of the relevant Extraordinary Event 
(included), adjust the Basket of Shares by including a Share selected by it in 
accordance with the Share eligibility criteria described below (a "Substitute 
Share") for each Share (an "Affected Share") for each Basket Company (an 
"Affected Basket Company") affected by such Extraordinary Event and the 
Substitute Share shall be deemed to be a "Share" and the relevant issuer of 
such shares, a "Share Issuer" or a "Basket Company" for the purposes of the 
Notes, and the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments, if any, to any 
amount payable under the Notes and/or any Relevant Asset and/or the 
Deliverable Number of Shares (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) (if the 
Notes are Physical Delivery Notes (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) 
and/or to the Weighting (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) and/or to any 
other term of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or the applicable Equity 
Linked Note Terms, as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate, provided 
however that in the event that an amount payable under the Notes should be 
determined by reference to the Initial Value of the Affected Share, the Initial 
Value of each Substitute Share shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula:
Initial Value = A x (B/C)
Where:
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the 
applicable Exchange on the Substitution Date;
"B" is the Initial Value of the relevant Affected Share; and
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the 
applicable Exchange on the Substitution Date.
Such substitution and corresponding adjustment to the Basket of Shares shall be deemed 
to take effect as from the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") 
specified in the notice referred to below, which may, but need not necessarily, be the 
applicable Extraordinary Event Effective Date.
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares shall be equal to the 
Weighting of the relevant Affected Share.
To be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy the following criteria, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent:
(a)
if the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger or Tender Offer and the relevant 
share is not already included in the Basket of Shares, the relevant share shall be an 
ordinary share in the company or person (other than the Affected Basket Company) 
party to the Merger or Tender Offer, (i) which is, or which, as from the applicable

--- Page 149 ---
149.
WS0101.36205449.4
Extraordinary Event Effective Date, is planned very shortly to be, traded or quoted 
on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the relevant 
Exchange (or, if the relevant Exchange is situated in the European Union, in any 
Member State of the European Union) and (ii) which is not subject to exchange 
controls, trading restrictions or other trading constraints; or
(b)
if the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger or Tender Offer and a share satisfies 
the criteria described in paragraph (a) above, but such share is already included in 
the Basket of Shares, or in the case of an Extraordinary Event other than a Merger 
or Tender Offer:
(i)
the issuer of the relevant share belongs to the same economic sector as the 
Affected Basket Company; and
(ii)
the issuer of the relevant share has a market capitalisation, an international 
standing and reputation comparable to those of the Affected Basket Company 
as regards the Affected Share.
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary, it shall give notice 
thereof to the Issuer as soon as possible, and the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders as soon 
as possible in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of 
the occurrence of the Extraordinary Event, indicating the proposed adjustment or action to 
be taken in respect of such event, including, in the case of a Share Substitution, the name 
of the Substitute Share and the Substitution Date.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of any decision to early redeem the Notes under 
paragraph (ii) above and the corresponding early redemption date.
3. CORRECTION OF THE SHARE PRICE
Other than in the case of any corrections published after the Cut-Off Date, if the Share 
price published on any day and used or intended to be used by the Calculation Agent for 
the purpose of any determination or calculation under the Notes is subsequently corrected 
and if the correction is published by the relevant Exchange during the Share Correction 
Period following the initial publication date, the price to be used shall be the Share price 
as corrected. Corrections published after the Cut-Off Date shall be ignored by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining any relevant amount to be paid.
4. ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS
4.1If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Calculation Agent may take the action described in 
(a), (b) or if applicable (c) or, in the case of Equity Linked Notes (Basket of Shares) only, 
(d) below:
(a)
determine the appropriate adjustment to be made to any amount payable 
under the Notes and/or any Relevant Asset and/or to the Deliverable Number of 
Shares (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) (if the Notes are Physical Delivery 
Notes (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) and/or to the Weighting (as defined 
in the relevant Final Terms) and/or to any other term of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, or the applicable Equity Linked Note Terms, to take account of the 
Additional Disruption Event, and determine the effective date of such adjustment; 
or
(b)
unless "Deferred Redemption following an Additional Disruption Event" 
is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, request, by notice to the

--- Page 150 ---
150.
WS0101.36205449.4
Issuer, that the Issuer redeem all of the Notes. The Issuer shall redeem the Notes, on 
the early redemption date notified to the Noteholders, at their market value taking 
into account the Additional Disruption Event, less the cost of unwinding any 
underlying hedging arrangements (the "Additional Disruption Amount") as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as soon as possible after the Additional 
Disruption Event has occurred (the "Additional Disruption Amount 
Determination Date"). Payment shall be made in the manner notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes; or
(c)
if "Deferred Redemption following an Additional Disruption Event" is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate the Additional Disruption Amount on the Additional Disruption Amount 
Determination Date and notify the Issuer thereof. The Issuer shall, on the Maturity 
Date, redeem each Note in an amount equal to the Additional Disruption Amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, together with interest accrued as from the 
Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date (included) up to the Maturity 
Date (excluded) at a rate equal to the Issuer’s cost of refinancing at such time or, if 
Protected Capital Termination Amount is specified as applicable in the Final Terms 
and such amount is higher, at such amount;
(d)
in the case of Equity Linked Notes (Basket of Shares), adjust the Basket 
of Shares by including a Share selected by it in accordance with the Share eligibility 
criteria described below (a "Substitute Share") for each Share (an "Affected 
Share") affected by the Additional Disruption Event and the Substitute Share shall 
be deemed to be a "Share", and the relevant issuer of such shares a "Basket 
Company", for the purposes of the Notes, and make such adjustments, if any, to any 
amount payable under the Notes and/or any Relevant Asset and/or the Deliverable 
Number of Shares (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) (if the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) and/or to the Weighting (as 
defined in the relevant Final Terms) and/or to any other term of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, or the applicable Equity Linked Note Terms, as the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate, provided however that in the event that an 
amount payable under the Notes should be determined by reference to the Initial 
Value of the Affected Share, the Initial Value of each Substitute Share shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:
Initial Value = A x (B/C)
where:
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the applicable 
Exchange on the Substitution Date;
"B" is the Initial Value of the relevant Affected Share; and
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the applicable 
Exchange on the Substitution Date.
Such substitution and corresponding adjustment to the Basket of Shares shall be deemed 
to take effect as from the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") 
specified in the notice referred to below, which may, but need not necessarily, be the 
applicable Additional Disruption Event Date.
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares shall be equal to the 
Weighting of the relevant Affected Share.

--- Page 151 ---
151.
WS0101.36205449.4
To be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent:
(i)
is not already included in the Basket of Shares;
(ii)
the issuer of such share belongs to the same economic sector as the Basket Company 
issuer of the Affected Share; and
(iii)
the issuer of such share has a market capitalisation, an international standing and 
reputation comparable to those of the Basket Company issuer of the Affected Share.
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary, it shall 
give notice thereof to the Issuer as soon as possible, and the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders as soon as possible in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes of the adjustment or the occurrence of the Additional Disruption 
Event, indicating the proposed action to be taken in respect of such event.
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 15 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of any decision to early redeem the Notes under 
this Condition 4 and the corresponding early redemption date.
5. KNOCK-IN EVENT AND KNOCK-OUT EVENT
If "Knock-In Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms any 
payment and/or delivery, as the case may be, under the Notes that is conditional upon a 
Knock-In Event, shall be subject to the occurrence of such Knock-In Event.
If "Knock-Out Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms any 
payment and/or delivery, as the case may be, under the Notes that is conditional upon a 
Knock-Out Event, shall be subject to the occurrence of such Knock-Out Event.
5.1If the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time specified in 
the relevant Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-In Barrier Effective 
Date or on any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date at any time in the hour preceding or 
following the Valuation Time the Share price reaches the Knock-In Barrier or the Knock-
Out Barrier, and a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs 
or exists, then the Knock-In Event or the Knock-Out Event shall be deemed not to have 
occurred; provided however that if, by the effect of this clause, no Knock-In Barrier 
Effective Date or Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date occurs during the Knock-In Barrier 
Effective Period or the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period, the Knock-In Barrier Effective 
Period End Date or the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period End Date shall be deemed to 
be a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Share price at the 
Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time or at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time, as provided 
in the definition of "Valuation Date".
5.2If the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time specified in 
the relevant Final Terms is any time or period of time during normal market opening hours 
on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-In Barrier Effective Date or on any Knock-
Out Barrier Effective Date at any time in the hour preceding or following the time at which 
the Share price reaches the Knock-In Barrier or the Knock-Out Barrier, a Trading 
Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists, then the Knock-
In Event or the Knock-Out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided however 
that if, by the effect of this clause no Knock-In Barrier Effective Date or Knock-Out Barrier 
Effective Date occurs during the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period or the Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Period, the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period End Date or the Knock-

--- Page 152 ---
152.
WS0101.36205449.4
Out Barrier Effective Period End Date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Share price at the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time 
or at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time as provided in the definition of "Valuation 
Date".
Definitions
"Knock-In Barrier" means (i) in the case of a single Share, the price of the Share and (ii) 
in the case of a Basket of Shares, the price of the Basket of Shares, in each case (x) specified 
as such in the Final Terms or (y) calculated pursuant to Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 
of the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS Knock-In is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, in each case, subject to adjustment where applicable in accordance with the terms 
of Condition 1 and Condition 2 above.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Date" means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, or each Trading Day during the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period" means the period commencing on the Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date included and ending on the Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Period End Date included.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" means the date specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or, if the Trading Day Convention for the Knock-In Barrier 
Effective Period Commencement Date is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
and such date is not a Trading Day, the following Trading Day.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period End Date" means the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if the Trading Day Convention for the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period 
End Date is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms and such date is not a Trading 
Day, the following Trading Day.
"Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or if the relevant Final 
Terms do not specify any Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time, the Knock-In Barrier 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time.
"Knock-In Barrier Value" means the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 
1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"Knock-In Event" means:
(a)
if SPS Knock-In is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Knock-In Barrier Value is;
(b)
if SPS Knock-In is specified as being not-applicable in the relevant Final Terms,
(i)
in respect of a single Share, that the price of the Share determined by the 
Calculation Agent at the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time on any Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Date is;
(ii)
in respect of a Basket of Shares, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent being equal to the sum of the values of each Share of each 
Basket Company (the value of each Share being the product of (x) the price 
of such Share determined by the Calculation Agent at the Knock-In Barrier 
Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on any Knock-In Barrier Effective 
Date and (y) the applicable Weighting) is

--- Page 153 ---
153.
WS0101.36205449.4
in each case (A)(a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "lower than" or 
(d) "lower than or equal to" the Knock-In Barrier or (B) "within" the Knock-In 
Tunnel,
in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Knock-In Barrier Effective 
Date, or (y) in respect of any Knock-In Barrier Effective Period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Knock-In Tunnel" means the tunnel specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment where applicable as provided in Condition 1 and Condition 2.
"Knock-Out Barrier" means (i) in the case of a single Share, the price of the Share or (ii) 
in the case of a Basket of Shares, the price of the Basket of Shares, in each case (x) specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms or (y) calculated pursuant to Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 
1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS Knock-Out is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms, in each case, subject to adjustment where applicable in 
accordance with the terms of Condition 1 and Condition 2 above and this Condition 5.
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date" means the date(s) specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, or each Trading Day during the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period.
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period" means the period commencing on the Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date included and ending on the Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Period End Date included.
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" means the date specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if the Trading Day Convention for the Knock-Out Barrier 
Effective Period Commencement Date is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
and such date is not a Trading Day, the following Trading Day.
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period End Date" means the date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if the Trading Day Convention for the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period 
End Date is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms and such date is not a Trading 
Day, the following Trading Day.
"Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-
Out Barrier Effective Date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or if the relevant 
Final Terms do not specify any Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time, the Knock-Out Barrier 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time.
"Knock-Out Barrier Value" means the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 
1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Knock-Out Event" means:
(a)
if SPS Knock-Out is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Knock-
Out Barrier Value is; and
(b)
if SPS Knock-Out is specified as being not-applicable in the Final Terms,
(i)
in respect of a single Share, that the price of the Share determined by the 
Calculation Agent at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time on any Knock-
Out Barrier Effective Date is;
(ii)
in respect of a Basket of Shares, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent being equal to the sum of the values of each Share (the

--- Page 154 ---
154.
WS0101.36205449.4
value of each Share being the product of (x) the price of such Share 
determined by the Calculation Agent at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation 
Time on the relevant Exchange on any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date and 
(y) the applicable Weighting) is
in each case (A) (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "lower than" or 
(d) "lower than or equal to" the Knock-Out Barrier or (B) "within" the Knock-Out 
Tunnel,
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Knock-Out Barrier 
Effective Date, or (y) in respect of any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.
"Knock-Out Tunnel" means the tunnel specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment where applicable as provided in Condition 1 and Condition 2.
"Weighting" means the weighting specified in the relevant Final Terms.
6. AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION EVENT
If "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is specified as being applicable in the Final 
Terms, then unless the Notes have previously been redeemed, purchased and cancelled, if 
(i) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) on each of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates in the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, 
then the Notes shall automatically be redeemed in full, and not part only, on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date immediately following the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or the end of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, 
and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such date for the redemption 
of each Notes shall be an amount in the currency specified in the Final Terms equal to the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount.
Definitions
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means the amount determined by reference to 
the Automatic Early Redemption Payout if specified in the relevant Final Terms and, 
failing which, the product of (i) the Denomination of each Note and (ii) the applicable 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate relating to such Automatic Early Redemption Date.
"Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business 
Day, provided that no Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or additional payment by 
reason of such postponement.
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means
(A)
If SPS AER is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 
is; or
(B)
If SPS AER is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms,
(a) in the case of a single Share, that the price of the Share determined by the Calculation 
Agent at the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date is, and (b) in the case of a Basket of Shares, that the amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the values of each Share (the value of 
a Share being equal to the product of (x) the price of such Share as determined by the 
Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on the relevant Exchange on the Automatic Early

--- Page 155 ---
155.
WS0101.36205449.4
Redemption Valuation Date and (y) the applicable Weighting) is, in each case,
(i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "lower than" or (iv) "lower than or 
equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level (specified in the Final Terms) as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, or (y) 
on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s) falling in an Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means (i) in the case of a single Share, the price 
of the Share, and (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, the price of the Basket of Shares, in 
each case (x) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or (y) calculated pursuant to 
Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, if SPS AER is 
specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, all subject to the Potential Adjustment 
Events specified in Condition 2 above.
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, (x) the rate specified as such, or (y) calculated pursuant to Conditions 
1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS AER is specified as 
being applicable, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if any such date is not a Trading Day, the following Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Disruption Event has occurred on 
such date, in which case, the corresponding provisions in the definition "Valuation Date" 
shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were 
instead to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date".
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
"SPS AER Value" means the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 
1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
7. DEFINITIONS
"Additional Disruption Event" means any Change in Law, Failure to Deliver, Hedging 
Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing, 
Stop-Loss Event and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Affiliate" means in respect of a company (the "First Company"), any company 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by the First Company, any company which controls, 
directly or indirectly, the First Company or any company directly or indirectly controlled 
by the same company as the First Company. For the purposes of this definition, "control" 
means the holding of a majority of the voting rights and/or share capital in a company.
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if any such date is not a Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case:
(a)
if "Omission" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, then such date 
shall be deemed not to be a relevant Averaging Date for the purposes of determining 
the relevant Settlement Price. If through the operation of this provision, no 
Averaging Date would occur, then the provisions in the definition of "Valuation 
Date" shall apply for the purpose of determining the relevant level, price or amount 
on the final Averaging Date as if such final Averaging Date were a Valuation Date 
that was a Disrupted Day; or

--- Page 156 ---
156.
WS0101.36205449.4
(b)
if "Postponement" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, then the 
provisions in the definition of "Valuation Date" shall apply for the purpose of 
determining the relevant level, price or amount on the relevant Averaging Date as if 
such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective 
of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would fall 
on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(c)
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms then:
(i)
in the case of Notes which are Equity Linked Notes (Single Share), the 
Averaging Date shall be the next following Valid Date (as defined below). If 
the next following Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive 
Trading Days equal to the Maximum Number of Disrupted Days immediately 
following the original date which, but for the occurrence of another Averaging 
Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date, then (A) 
such last consecutive Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the applicable level or price for the 
relevant Averaging Date in accordance with paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition 
"Valuation Date" below; 
(ii)
in the case of Notes which are Equity Linked Notes (Basket of Shares), the 
Averaging Date for each Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the initially scheduled Averaging Date (the "Scheduled 
Averaging Date") and the Averaging Date for a Share affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the next following Valid Date for the 
relevant Share. If the next following Valid Date for such Share has not 
occurred for a number of consecutive Trading Days equal to the Maximum 
Number of Disrupted Days immediately following the original date which, 
but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would 
have been the final Averaging Date, then (A) such last Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Trading Day 
is already an Averaging Date) for the relevant Share, and (B) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the applicable level, price or amount for the relevant 
Averaging Date in accordance with paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition 
"Valuation Date" below; and 
(iii)
for the purposes of the Equity Linked Note Terms, "Valid Date" means a 
Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day and on which no other Averaging 
Date occurs or is deemed to occur.
"Basket Company" means each company whose share is included in the composition of 
the Basket of Shares, as specified in the relevant Final Terms and "Basket Companies" 
means any of such companies.
"Basket of Shares" means (i) a basket comprising the Shares of each Basket Company 
specified in the relevant Final Terms assigned with the weightings or such number of 
Shares of each Basket Company as specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) a Relative 
Performance Basket.
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (included) (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), due to (A) the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any law and/or regulation relating to tax or to 
solvency and/or capital adequacy requirements), (B) the promulgation of, or any change in 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction,

--- Page 157 ---
157.
WS0101.36205449.4
of, any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or 
financial supervisory authority), or (C) the combined effect of any of the events described 
in (A) and (B): 
(a)
it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any hedging position in respect 
of the Notes; or 
(b)
the Issuer would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, due 
to any tax, solvency or capital adequacy requirement) in respect of the Notes or the 
holding, acquisition or disposal of any hedging position in respect of a Share.
"Clearing System" means the principal domestic clearing system normally used for 
settling transactions on the relevant Share.
"Clearing System Day" means, in respect of a Clearing System, a day on which such 
Clearing System is (or would, but for the occurrence of an event rendering it impossible 
for the Clearing System to clear transfer of the relevant security, have been) open to accept 
and execute settlement instructions.
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, three Business Days prior to 
such Determination Date, unless provided otherwise in the relevant Final Terms.
"Determination Date(s)" means the Coupon Determination Date and/or the Determination 
Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Disrupted Day" means a Trading Day on which an applicable Exchange or a relevant 
Related Exchange is not open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption has occurred.
"Early Closure" means the closure, on any Exchange Business Day, of the applicable 
Exchange(s) or relevant Related Exchange(s) prior to its/their Scheduled Closing Time 
unless such early closure has been announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) 
at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and 
(ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the relevant Exchange(s) or 
Related Exchange(s) for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified for 
such Share in the relevant Final Terms, any successor exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Exchange).
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Exchange 
Business Day (Single Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Exchange 
Business Day (All Shares Basis), or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis), in each 
case as specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided however that if no such basis is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) shall 
apply.
"Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, a 
Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading for 
all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading 
sessions, notwithstanding that any of such Exchanges or any of such Related Exchanges 
closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.

--- Page 158 ---
158.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, a Trading Day 
on which the relevant Exchange and the Related Exchange for such Share are open for 
trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding that such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.
"Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)" means a Trading Day on which the 
applicable Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during 
its/their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding that such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.
"Exchange Disruption" means an event (other than an Early Closure) which disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the relevant 
Exchange(s), or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures contracts 
or options contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange.
"Extraordinary Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Event, the 
date on which such Extraordinary Event occurs, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent.
"Failure to Deliver" means a failure by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, 
on the due date, the Relevant Assets comprising the Deliverable Number of Shares, where 
such Failure to Deliver is due to a shortfall of liquidity in the market for such Shares.
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, despite 
its reasonable efforts, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or forward contract(s) or options contract(s) that it 
deems necessary to hedge the risks assumed by the Issuer (including but without limitation, 
the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk, foreign exchange risk) in relation to 
issuing the Notes and performing its obligations under the Notes, or (ii) to freely realise, 
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or 
asset(s) or forward contract(s) or options contract(s) or any hedging position in respect of 
a Share or the Notes.
"Hedging Shares" means the number of Shares that the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary for the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to hedge the equity price risk or other 
price risk relating to the entry into and performance of its obligations under the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means the existence, under any hedging transaction relating 
to the Notes of a materially increased (as compared with the circumstances existing on the 
Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, cost or fee (other than brokerage commissions) 
to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk (including, but without 
limitation, the equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) for the Issuer 
of issuing the Notes and performing its obligations under the Notes or (B) to realise, 
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transactions or assets, 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its subsidiaries shall not be 
deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or 
any counterparty of the Issuer or any of its Affiliates under any hedging transaction relating 
to the relevant Notes would incur a rate to borrow any Share in respect of the Notes that is 
greater than Initial Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 159 ---
159.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan rate specified 
for such Share in the relevant Final Terms.
"Insolvency Filing" institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any 
similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in 
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization or the jurisdiction of its head home 
office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or 
any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditor’s rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such 
regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to such a petition, provided that 
proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the issuer 
of the Share or the Basket Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing.
"Issuer of the Share" means in respect of a/the Share(s), the issuer of such Share(s).
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate or any counterparty of 
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates under any hedging transaction relating to the Notes is 
unable, having made reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) a number 
of Shares equal to the number of Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or lower than the 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate.
"Maximum Number of Disrupted Days" means eight (8) Trading Days or such other 
number of Trading Days as is specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the maximum stock loan rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Observation Date" means each date specified as being an Observation Date in the 
relevant Final Terms, or if any such day is not a Trading Day, the immediately succeeding 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. 
If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" 
or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, in the definition "Averaging Date" shall 
apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were 
instead to "Observation Date".
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Related Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system on 
which futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Share are traded, or each 
exchange or quotation system specified for such Share in the relevant Final Terms, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to the Share has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to the Share on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided 
however that if "All Exchanges" is specified as Related Exchange in the relevant Final 
Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system on which 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the market as a 
whole for futures and options contracts on such Share.
"Relative Performance Basket" means a basket comprising the Shares of each Company 
in the Basket specified in the relevant Final Terms where no weighting shall be applicable 
and where the Final Redemption Amount shall be determined by reference to the Share 
which is either (i) the best performing, (ii) the worst performing, or (iii) by reference to 
any other measure of performance applied to the Shares, in each case as specified in the

--- Page 160 ---
160.
WS0101.36205449.4
relevant Final Terms.
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange 
on the relevant Trading Day, without regard to after-hours or any other trading outside of 
the regular trading sessions subject as provided in "Valuation Time" below.
"Scheduled Strike Date" means any initial date which, but for the occurrence of the event 
causing the Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Share, any initial date which, but for 
the occurrence of the event causing the Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date.
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the relevant Final Terms, or any successor page 
or service.
"Share Correction Period" means (i) the period specified in the relevant Final Terms, or 
(ii) if no period is specified, a Settlement Cycle.
"Shares" and "Share" means in the case of an issue of Equity Linked Notes (Basket of 
Shares) or an issue of Equity Linked Notes (Single Share), the share(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Share, the period equal to the number of 
Clearing System Days following a trade in the Share on the Exchange (or in the case of an 
Index for which more than one Exchange is relevant, the longest of such periods) in which 
settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as provided in the definitions: "Strike Date", 
"Averaging Date", "Observation Date" or "Valuation Date", as the case may be: 
(a)
in the case of Equity Linked Notes (Single Share), an amount equal to the official 
closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price 
Date or on an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the relevant Exchange for such Share on (A) if "Averaging" is not 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the applicable Settlement Price Date or (B) if 
"Averaging" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or if in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, such official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the applicable Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) cannot be determined 
and the applicable Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is 
not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
arithmetic average purchase price on the market at closing (or the purchase price on 
the market at the Valuation Time on the applicable Settlement Price Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) and 
the sale price on the market at closing (or the fair sale price on the market at the 
Valuation Time on the applicable Settlement Price Date, or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) for the Share, based, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, either on the arithmetic average of 
previous prices or mid-market quotations provided to it by two or more financial 
institutions (selected by the Calculation Agent) active in trading in the Share or 
based on such other factors as the Calculation Agent may select, and such amount 
shall be converted, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, into the Settlement 
Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount shall be the Settlement 
Price, all as determined by, or on behalf of, the Calculation Agent; and

--- Page 161 ---
161.
WS0101.36205449.4
(b)
in the case of Equity Linked Notes (Basket of Shares) and for each Share comprised 
in the Basket, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or on an Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Exchange for such 
Share on (A) if "Averaging" is not specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
applicable Settlement Price Date, or (B) if "Averaging" is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such 
official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the applicable Settlement 
Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) cannot be determined and the applicable Settlement Price Date or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the arithmetic average of the purchase price on 
the market at closing (or the purchase price on the market at the Valuation Time on 
the applicable Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms) and of the sale price on the market at closing 
(or the sale price on the market at the Valuation Time on the applicable Settlement 
Price Date, or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) for such Share whose official closing price (or whose price at the 
Valuation Time on the applicable Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) cannot be determined, 
based, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, either on the arithmetic average 
of the previous prices or mid-market quotations provided to it by two or more 
financial institutions (selected by the Calculation Agent) active in trading in the 
relevant Share or based on such other factors as the Calculation Agent may select, 
multiplied by the applicable Weighting, and such amount shall be converted, if 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange 
Rate, and such converted amount shall be the Settlement Price, all as determined by, 
or on behalf of, the Calculation Agent.
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation 
Date, as the case may be.
"Stop-Loss Event" means, in respect of a Share, the price of any Share as quoted on the 
relevant Exchange for such Share at any time or at the Scheduled Closing Time, as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, on any Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of such Share on or after the Trade Date or, if later, the Strike Date, is lower than 
five per cent (5%), or such percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms, of its Strike 
Price or, if no Strike Price is specified in the Final Terms, the price given as the benchmark 
price for such Share in the relevant Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if such day 
is not a Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Trading Day unless, in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then:
(a)
in the case of Equity Linked Notes (Single Share), the Strike Date shall be the 
immediately succeeding Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of 
the consecutive Trading Days during a period equal to the Maximum Number of 
Disrupted Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted 
Day. In such case, (i) such last consecutive Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Strike Date, irrespective of whether such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the applicable price in accordance with its good 
faith estimate of the relevant price at the Valuation Time on such last Trading Day; 
or

--- Page 162 ---
162.
WS0101.36205449.4
(b)
in the case of Equity Linked Notes (Basket of Shares), the Strike Date for each Share 
not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Strike 
Date, and the Strike Date for each Share (each an "Affected Underlying") affected 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the next following Trading Day which 
is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the Affected Underlying, unless each of the 
consecutive Trading Days during a period equal to the Maximum Number of 
Disrupted Days immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day 
for the Affected Underlying. In such case, (i) such last consecutive Trading Day 
shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the Affected Underlying, irrespective of 
whether such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the applicable price by reference, for the Affected Underlying, to the level or, as the 
case may be, value of such Affected Underlying, using its good faith estimate of 
such value of the Affected Underlying at the Valuation Time on such last Trading 
Day and otherwise as provided above.
"Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Trading Day (Single Share 
Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Trading Day (All Shares Basis) or (b) 
Trading Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
provided however that if no such basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms, Trading 
Day (All Shares Basis) shall apply.
"Trading Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, a day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to open for trading in all Shares 
comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading sessions.
"Trading Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, a day on which 
the Exchange and the Related Exchange for a Share are scheduled to open for trading 
during their respective regular trading sessions.
"Trading Day (Single Share Basis)" means a day on which the relevant Exchange and 
the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to open for trading during its/their respective 
regular trading session(s).
"Trading Disruption" any suspension or limitation on trading imposed by the Exchange 
or the relevant Related Exchange or any other person, whether by reason of price 
fluctuations exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or the relevant Related Exchange 
or otherwise, (i) in respect of the Share or (ii) in respect of futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange.
"Valuation Date" means the Interest Valuation Date and/or the Redemption Valuation 
Date, as the case may be, specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then:
(a)
in the case of Equity Linked Notes (Single Share), the Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
consecutive Trading Days during a period equal to the Maximum Number of 
Disrupted Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted 
Day. In such case, (i) such last consecutive Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date, irrespective of whether such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price in accordance with its good 
faith estimate of the Settlement Price at the Valuation Time on such last consecutive 
Trading Day; or 
(b)
in the case of Equity Linked Notes (Basket of Shares), the Valuation Date for each 
Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled

--- Page 163 ---
163.
WS0101.36205449.4
Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Share affected (each an "Affected 
Underlying") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the next following 
Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the Affected Underlying, 
unless each of the consecutive Trading Days during a period equal to the Maximum 
Number of Disrupted Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is 
a Disrupted Day for the Affected Underlying. In such case, (i) such last consecutive 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Underlying, 
irrespective of whether such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Settlement Price using, for the Affected Underlying, a price 
determined using its good faith estimate of the value of the Affected Underlying at 
the Valuation Time on such last consecutive Trading Day and otherwise as provided 
above.
"Valuation Time" means the Interest Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case 
may be, specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no Valuation Time is specified, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the applicable Exchange on the Valuation Date or on the 
relevant Averaging Date, as the case may be, for each Share to be valued, provided 
however that if the applicable Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and 
the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, 
then the Interest Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, shall be such 
actual closing time.
8. PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS
If "Dividend Payment" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
following provisions shall apply to the Notes:
(a)
If on or after the Issue Date a Cash Dividend is paid by the Issuer of the Share or, 
where applicable, the Basket Company, notwithstanding any provision to the 
contrary in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine (i) the Distributed Amount and (ii) and the Dividend Date.
(b)
As soon as possible after the Dividend Date, the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders 
(the "Cash Dividend Notice") in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, of the payment of the Cash Dividend as well as the Payment 
Date of the Cash Dividend and the Issuer shall on the Cash Dividend Payment Date 
pay to each Noteholder an amount equal to the Cash Dividend Amount, in respect 
of each Note held by it on the Cash Dividend Payment Date, provided that, if the 
applicable Dividend Date does not fall before the Redemption Date, the Issuer shall 
not be obliged to pay such Cash Dividend Amount and the Issuer shall not be under 
any other obligation with respect thereto.
(c)
The Cash Dividend Notice shall give details of the arrangements for payment of the 
Cash Dividend Amount to each Noteholder.
For the purposes of this Condition, the terms below shall have the following meanings:
"Cash Dividend" means any cash dividend paid by the Issuer of the Share or the Basket 
Company in respect of a Share;
"Cash Dividend Amount" means, in respect of a Share, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as equal to the Distributed Amount, less the pro rata amount of any 
Dividend Related Expenses, such amount being converted into the relevant Currency by 
applying an exchange rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the Dividend Date or 
as soon as possible after the Dividend Date;

--- Page 164 ---
164.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Cash Dividend Payment Date" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the date specified 
in the relevant Cash Dividend Notice;
"Distributed Amount" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the amount of the dividend 
paid by the Issuer of the Share in respect of a Share, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;
"Dividend Date" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the date on which such dividend 
would be received by a holder of the Share as determined by the Calculation Agent;
"Dividend Related Expenses" means any withholding, capital gain, profit, levy, tax or 
duty (including stamp duty) and/or expense (such as depositary fees or transaction, issue, 
registration, transfer and/or other expenses) whether present, future or potential that the 
Calculation Agent has determined will or may be deducted and/or has been or will be 
incurred in respect of the Cash Dividend and/or payment of the Cash Dividend Amount 
under the Notes.
9. GDR/ADR
Conditions 9 to 13 (inclusive) shall apply if "GDR/ADR" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
10. DEFINITIONS RELATING TO GDR/ADR
"ADR" means an American Depositary Receipt;
"Conversion Event" means any event which, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, results (or will result) in a conversion of GDRs and/or ADRs into Underlying 
Shares or into any other listed securities of the issuer of the Underlying Shares; and
"Underlying Shares" means the shares underlying an ADR or GDR, as the case may be.
"GDR" means a Global Depositary Receipt.
11. GENERAL
All references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and in the Equity Linked Note 
Terms to "Shares" shall be deemed to be references to GDRs or ADRs, as the case may be, 
and/or to the Underlying Shares, references to the "Issuer of the Share" or a "Basket 
Company", as the case may be, shall be deemed to be references to the issuer of the GDRs 
or ADRs, as the case may be, and to the issuer of the Underlying Shares, and references to 
the "Exchange" shall be deemed to be references to the exchange or quotation system on 
which the GDRs or ADRs, as the case may be, are listed and the exchange or quotation 
system on which the Underlying Shares are listed, and subject to such additional or 
alternative modifications as the Calculation Agent may deem necessary or appropriate 
provided that any such modifications are not prejudicial to the Noteholders.
12. EVENTS AFFECTING THE SHARE
If an Event Affecting the Share occurs, the Calculation Agent may apply the provisions set 
forth in paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) of Condition 2.2(b) and give notice thereof 
to the Issuer as soon as possible. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders as soon as possible 
in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, of the 
occurrence of any Event Affecting the Share, describing any proposed action to be taken 
or adjustment to be made in connection with such event.
"Event Affecting the Share" means each of the following events:

--- Page 165 ---
165.
WS0101.36205449.4
(a)
written instructions have been given by the issuer to the depositary of the 
Underlying Shares to withdraw or return the Underlying Shares; or
(b)
expiry/termination of the depositary agreement relating to the Underlying 
Shares.
If an event constitutes both an Event Affecting the Share and an Additional Disruption 
Event, the Calculation Agent may determine which of such events shall apply.
13. POTENTIAL ADJUSTMENT EVENT
The following additional event shall be deemed to be added to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Potential Adjustment Event in Condition 2.1:
and/or a distribution in respect of the Underlying Shares, of an asset other than cash, shares 
or rights relating to the Underlying Shares to the bearer of the Underlying Shares.

--- Page 166 ---
166.
WS0101.36205449.4
TECHNICAL ANNEX 4
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO FUND LINKED NOTES
The terms applicable to Fund Linked Notes include the terms and conditions of the Notes set forth 
on pages 52 to 99 (the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") and the supplemental terms described 
below (the "Fund Linked Note Terms"), in each case, subject as provided in the relevant Final 
Terms. In the event of conflict between the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Fund Linked 
Note Terms, the Fund Linked Note Terms shall prevail.
All expressions beginning with a capital letter and not defined in these Fund Linked Note Terms 
shall have the meanings given thereto in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the relevant Final 
Terms.
References herein to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered 
paragraphs below.
1. DEFINITIONS
"Basket of Funds" means, (i) a basket comprising the Fund Units of several Funds as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, assigned with the weightings specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or (ii) a Relative Performance Basket.
"Basket Trigger Event" means in respect of a Basket of Funds, the occurrence of a Fund 
Disruption Event affecting one or more Funds whose weighting (or whose combined 
weightings if the Fund Disruption Event affects more than one Fund) is equal to or greater 
than the Basket Trigger Threshold.
"Basket Trigger Threshold" means the threshold specified as such in the Final Terms, or, 
if not so specified, 50 per cent (50%).
"Calculation Date" means the date(s) specified in the Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
any date which is a Fund Business Day.
"Commission" has the meaning given thereto in the Final Terms.
"Embedded Option Value" means an amount which may never be lower than zero, equal 
to the present value as at the Embedded Option Value Determination Date of any future 
payments (excluding, where applicable, payment of the Protected Amount) under the 
Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent taking into account, without limitation, such 
factors as interest rates, the net proceeds achievable from the sale of any Fund Units by the 
Hedge Provider, the volatility of the Fund Units and transaction costs.
"Embedded Option Value Determination Date" means the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the first date on which it is possible to determine the Embedded 
Option Value following the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event resulting in 
Termination.
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms.
"Fund" means any Mutual Fund, Hedge Fund or Private Equity Fund, as specified in the 
Final Terms.
"Fund Business Day" means the days specified as such in the Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, any such days referred to in the Fund Documents of each of the relevant Funds.

--- Page 167 ---
167.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Fund Determination Date" means, subject to the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event, 
the date on which, pursuant to the Fund Documents, the relevant Fund NAV is calculated 
or published for the relevant Fund Valuation Date.
"Fund Disruption Event" has the meaning given thereto in Condition 2.
"Fund Disruption Event Effective Date" means the date on which the Fund Disruption 
Event occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent.
"Fund Documents" means, with respect to any Fund, the constitutive and governing 
documents, subscription agreements and other agreements of a Fund, specifying the terms 
and conditions relating to such Fund, as well as any prospectus, memorandum or similar 
document relating to the Fund and/or the Fund Units (including any document 
supplementing or modifying the same) in force on the Hedging Date.
"Fund NAV" means in respect of any Fund Determination Date (i) the value of the Fund 
Unit on the relevant Fund Valuation Date, as published on the Fund Determination Date 
by the Fund Service Provider, or (ii) if the Fund Service Provider publishes or reports only 
the aggregate net asset value of the Units of the Fund, the net asset value per Fund Unit 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of such aggregate net asset value divided 
by the number of Fund Units issued and outstanding as of the Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, in respect of such Fund, whether or not specified in the 
Fund Documents, including, without limitation, any advisor, manager, administrator, 
"gérant" (general manager), operator, management company, depositary, sub-depositary, 
asset allocation adviser, prime broker, index sponsor, trustee, account holder and transfer 
agent, domiciliary agent, sponsor or general partner or any other person specified as such 
in the Final Terms.
"Fund Valuation Date" means the date on which, pursuant to the Fund Documents, the 
Fund (or the Fund Service Provider) determines (or, but for the occurrence of a Fund 
Disruption Event, would have determined) the Fund NAV.
"Fund Units" means a unit or share of, or any notional unit of account representing 
interests in, any Fund issued for the benefit of, or held by, an investor in the Fund, or any 
interest or security specified as such in the Final Terms.
"Hedge Fund" means any alternative investment fund, as specified in the Final Terms.
"Hedge Provider" means the party (including, inter alia, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, 
any of their Affiliates or a third party) from time to time which hedges the Issuer's 
obligations under the Notes or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a 
Hypothetical Investor, which shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such 
obligations.
"Hedging Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms.
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Unit which is deemed 
to have the benefits and obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund Documents, of an 
investor holding a Fund Unit. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation 
Agent to be resident or have its registered office in any jurisdiction, and to be, without 
limitation, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation).

--- Page 168 ---
168.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, the Hedging Date.
"Merger Event" means in respect of any Unit or Entity (as defined below) any (i) 
reclassification or change of such Units that results in a transfer of, or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer, all of such outstanding Units to another entity or person, (ii) 
consolidation, merger or amalgamation of Units of the Fund or of the Fund Service 
Provider with or into another entity, (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
acquisition of control, proposal by any entity to acquire or obtain in any manner 
whatsoever, 100% of the outstanding Units of the Fund or of the Fund Service Provider 
that results in a transfer of, or an irrevocable commitment to transfer, such Units, (iv) 
consolidation, merger or amalgamation of the Units of the Fund or of the Fund Service 
Provider, or its subsidiary(ies) with or into another entity in which the Fund or Hedge 
Provider of the Fund is the continuing entity. For the purposes of this definition "Merger 
Event" only, "Units" shall mean the applicable Units of the Fund or the units or shares of 
any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require, and "Entity" shall mean 
the applicable Fund or any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require.
"Mutual Fund" means any mutual fund, as specified in the Final Terms.
"NAV Trigger Event" means that (i) the Fund NAV has decreased by an amount equal to 
or greater than the NAV Trigger Percentage, at any time during the NAV Trigger Period, 
or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such 
Fund (or its assets by operation of any law, order, injunction or judgment of any court or 
other applicable government agency), the Fund Documents or any other contractual 
restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets. 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the Final Terms or, if not 
so specified, 50 per cent (50%).
"NAV Trigger Period" means the period specified in the Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, the period commencing on the Initial Calculation Date (included) and ending on 
the Final Calculation Date (included).
"Net Asset Threshold" means the threshold specified as such in the Final Terms, or, if not 
so specified, EUR 50,000,000 or the equivalent thereof in another currency.
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means the number of calendar days specified in the 
Final Terms for any Mutual Fund, Hedge Fund or Private Equity Fund, or if not so 
specified, (i) five (5) calendar days for a Mutual Fund, or (ii) ten (10) calendar days for a 
Hedge Fund.
"Private Equity Fund" means any private equity fund, as specified in the Final Terms.
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms.
"Protected Capital Termination Amount" means an amount per Note equal to the sum 
of:
(a)
the Protected Amount;
(b)
the Embedded Option Value;
(c)
the Simple Interest, if Deferred Redemption following the occurrence of a Fund 
Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms.

--- Page 169 ---
169.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Relative Performance Basket" means a basket comprising the Fund Units of several 
Funds specified in the relevant Final Terms where no weighting shall be applicable and 
where the Final Redemption Amount shall be determined by reference to the Units of the 
Fund which are either (i) the best performing, (ii) the worst performing, or (iii) by reference 
to any other measure of performance applied to the Fund Units, in each case as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.
"Simple Interest" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
amount of interest that would accrue on the Embedded Option Value during the period 
from the Embedded Option Value Determination Date (included) to the Final Calculation 
Date (included). The amount shall be calculated on the basis of the interest that would be 
payable by the Floating Rate Payer under an interest rate swap transaction incorporating 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. ("ISDA") or the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by the ISDA, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, under which:
(a)
the "Effective Date" is the Embedded Option Value Determination Date;
(b)
the "Termination Date" is the Termination Date;
(c)
the "Floating Rate Payer Payment Date" is the Termination Date;
(d)
the "Floating Rate Option" is EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if the Settlement Currency 
is EUR) or USD-SOFR-Reuters (if the Settlement Currency is USD);
(e)
the "Designated Maturity" is 3 months;
(f)
the "Simple Interest Spread" is as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or if not so 
specified minus 0.125 per cent.;
(g)
the "Floating Rate Day Count Fraction" is Actual/360;
(h)
the "Reset Date" is the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date and 
each date falling three calendar months after the previous Reset Date;
(i)
"Compounding" is "Not applicable";
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal 
or other event or action by any entity or person that results in, or whose purpose involves, 
such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by 
conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and lower than 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding voting shares, units or interests in a Fund or Fund Service Provider, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental 
or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant.
"Termination Amount" means the amount specified in the Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, (i) the Protected Capital Termination Amount or (ii) the Unprotected Capital 
Termination Amount, as specified in the Final Terms.
"Termination Date" means (i) the date specified in the Final Terms, or (ii) if Deferred 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Maturity Date of the Notes.
"Trade Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms.
"Unprotected Capital Termination Amount" means an amount per Note being equal to

--- Page 170 ---
170.
WS0101.36205449.4
the sum of:
(a)
the Embedded Option Value; and
(b)
the Simple Interest, if Deferred Redemption following the occurrence of a Fund 
Disruption Event is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms.
"Units of the Fund" means the Fund Units and the units of any fund in which the Fund 
invests.
2. FUND DISRUPTION EVENTS
Subject as provided in Condition 3 (Determination of Fund Disruption Events), a Fund 
Disruption Event means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or after the Trade 
Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms), of any of the following events as determined 
by the Calculation Agent:
General Events
(a)
The Fund or any Fund Service Provider (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of a 
Fund Service Provider, ceases administration, portfolio management, investment 
services, prime brokerage or any necessary service (as the case may be); (ii) is 
dissolved or has a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, for its dissolution, 
winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); (iii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with or 
for the benefit of its creditors; (iv) (1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a 
regulator, supervisor or any similar entity, in its jurisdiction or that of its principal 
establishment, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting 
creditors' rights or a petition is presented for the winding-up or liquidation of the 
Fund or any Fund Service Provider by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
entity (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or 
entity not described in sub-clause (iv) (1) above which would result in a declaration 
of bankruptcy or its liquidation and (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation or, (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed 
or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar 
official for it or for all or part of its assets; (vi) has a secured party take possession 
of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such 
process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws 
of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events specified in sub-
clauses (i) to (vi) above; or
(b)
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer.
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events
(a)
there exists any litigation against the Fund or a Fund Service Provider which in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent could materially affect the value of the Units

--- Page 171 ---
171.
WS0101.36205449.4
of the Fund or the rights or remedies of any investor in such Units of the Fund; or
(b)
(i) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the Fund, or 
any Fund Service Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation 
Agent reasonably determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has 
occurred, or (ii) any investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal 
proceedings is commenced or is threatened against the Fund, any Fund Service 
Provider or any key personnel of such entities if such allegation, determination, 
suspicion or proceedings could, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
materially affect the value of the Units of the Fund or the rights or remedies of any 
investor in such Units of the Fund.
Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events
(a)
(i) a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund and 
is not immediately replaced in such capacity by an entity/ successor acceptable to 
the Calculation Agent and/or (ii) any event occurs which causes, or will with the 
passage of time (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) cause, the failure of the 
Fund and/or any Fund Service Provider to meet or maintain any obligation or 
undertaking under the Fund Documents which failure is reasonably likely to have 
an adverse impact on the value of the Units of the Fund or on the rights or remedies 
of any investor in such Units of the Fund; or
(b)
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the 
Fund or a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity, and the relevant 
Fund Service Provider fails to appoint a replacement having similar qualifications 
to those of the key individual or individuals ceasing to act.
Modification Events
(a)
A material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, 
investment restrictions, investment process or investment guidelines of the Fund 
(howsoever described, including the underlying type of assets in which the Fund 
invests), from those set out in the Fund Documents, or any announcement regarding 
a potential modification, modification or deviation, except where such modification 
or deviation is of a formal, minor or technical nature;
(b)
A material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or 
any announcement regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation 
or disappearance, of the type of assets (i) in which the Fund invests, or (ii) the Fund 
purports to track;
(c)
A material modification, or any announcement regarding a future material 
modification, of the Fund (including but not limited to a modification of the Fund 
Documents or to the Fund's liquidity terms);
(d)
the currency denomination of the Units of the Fund is amended from that set out in 
the Fund Documents so that the Net Asset Value of the Units of the Fund is no longer 
calculated in the same currency as it was as at the Trade Date;
(e)
The Fund ceases, if applicable, to be registered or approved as an undertaking for 
collective investments or other equivalent investment vehicle under the legislation 
of its relevant jurisdiction; or
(f)
Following the issue or creation of a new class or category (howsoever described in 
the Fund Documents) of shares or units, the Calculation Agent determines taking 
into consideration the potential cross-liability between classes of shares or units that

--- Page 172 ---
172.
WS0101.36205449.4
such new class or category has or may have an adverse effect on the hedging 
activities in relation to the Notes.
Net Asset Value/Assets under management level Events 
(a)
A material modification of the method of calculating the Fund NAV;
(b)
Any change in the periodicity of (i) the calculation or the publication of the Fund 
NAV and/or (ii) Fund subscriptions/ redemptions;
(c)
Any suspension of the calculation or publication of the Fund NAV;
(d)
The occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Unit that, in the sole and absolute 
discretion of the Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for 
the Calculation Agent to determine the Fund NAV;
(e)
any Fund Service Provider or any other party acting on behalf of the Fund fails for 
any reason to calculate and publish the Fund NAV within the consecutive Number 
of NAV Publication Days following any date scheduled for the publication of the 
NAV, unless the cause of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and outside 
the control of the entity responsible for such publication;
(f)
The asset prices provided by the investment manager (howsoever described in the 
Fund Documents) to the Fund Service Provider to calculate the Net Asset Value 
materially diverge from the asset prices obtained from other independent sources;
(g)
The assets under management of the Fund fall below the Net Asset Threshold;
(h)
The Calculation Agent determines, at any time, that (i) the Net Asset Value is 
inaccurate, or (ii) the reported Net Asset Value misrepresents the net asset value of 
the Units of the Fund;
(i)
a NAV Trigger Event occurs;
(j)
In the case of a Hedge Fund only, (i) the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or 
the Net Asset Value is different from the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or 
the Net Asset Value communicated by the Fund Service Provider in respect of the 
same date, (ii) the auditors of the Fund qualify any audit report, or refuse to provide 
an unqualified audit report, in respect of the Fund, and/or (iii) the Calculation Agent, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, does not deem the audited net asset value of the 
Fund and/or the Net Asset Value to be representative of the actual net asset value of 
the Fund and/or the Net Asset Value.
Reporting Events
(a)
any failure of the Fund, or its authorised representatives, to deliver or publish (i) 
information that the Fund has agreed to deliver to the Calculation Agent or Hedge 
Provider or to publish, or (ii) information that has been previously delivered by the 
Fund, or its authorised representatives, to the Hedge Provider or the Calculation 
Agent and that the Hedge Provider or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, deems 
necessary to monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset 
allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the Fund Units;
(b)
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a 
reasonable time, with any information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably 
requested regarding the investment portfolio or other activities or undertakings of 
the Fund.

--- Page 173 ---
173.
WS0101.36205449.4
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events
(a)
There is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or 
regulations relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect 
on any hedging arrangements entered into by the Hedge Provider (a "Tax Event"), 
provided that the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar month (following 
the day the relevant Tax Event became known to it), used reasonable efforts to 
mitigate the adverse effect of the Tax Event by seeking to transfer such hedging 
arrangements to a subsidiary or Affiliate; provided that the Hedge Provider shall not 
under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in 
sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period set out above for such 
mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes apparent to the 
Hedge Provider at any time that there is no practicable means of mitigating the 
impact of the relevant Tax Event; or
(b)
The activities of or in relation to the Fund or any Fund Service Provider are or 
become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of 
non-compliance with any law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the 
interpretation thereof, (including, but not limited to, any cancellation, suspension, 
revocation, withdrawal of the registration, approval or authorisation of the Fund by 
any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Fund), (ii) a 
relevant approval, authorisation or licence is revoked or is under review by a 
competent authority with direct or indirect authority over the Fund (iii) the Fund is 
requested or required by a competent authority to redeem any Units of the Fund, (iv) 
the Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority to dispose of or 
compulsorily redeem any Units of the Fund held in connection with any hedging 
arrangements relating to the Notes and/or (v) any change in the legal, regulatory, 
accounting or tax treatment of the Fund or any Fund Service Provider that is 
reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the Units of the Fund or 
undertakings of the Fund or on the rights or remedies of any investor in such Units 
of the Fund, including any Hedge Provider.
Hedging/ Increased Costs Events
(a)
In connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Notes, as a result of the 
adoption of, or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, 
howsoever described, after the Trade Date, or the adoption or promulgation of any 
directive, or any change in the interpretation, whether formal or informal, by any 
court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any 
law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a 
result of any other relevant event (each a "Relevant Event"), it would (i) become 
unlawful or impossible for the Hedge Provider to hold, purchase or sell any Fund 
Unit or to maintain such hedging arrangements, or the Hedge Provider would incur 
significantly increased costs, or losses, in maintaining any hedging arrangements 
(including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider to 
modify any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would adversely 
affect the amount or cost of regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in 
respect of any holding of Units of the Fund or that would subject a holder of the 
Units of the Fund or the Hedge Provider to any loss), and subject to the Hedge 
Provider having, for a period of one calendar week (following the day the Relevant 
Event became known to it), used reasonable efforts to mitigate the adverse effect of 
the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements to a subsidiary 
or Affiliate, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any circumstances be 
obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense of any 
kind and the period of one calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on

--- Page 174 ---
174.
WS0101.36205449.4
any date it is or becomes at any time apparent that there is no practicable means of 
mitigating the material adverse effect of the Relevant Event.
(b)
In connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, if (i) the cost to the 
Hedge Provider in relation to the Notes (including, but not limited to, new or 
increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees) would be materially increased or (ii) the 
Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss in relation to hedging activities 
in respect of the Notes.
(c)
In connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Notes, the Hedge Provider 
is unable or it becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (i) acquire, establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or terminate any transaction or dispose of any asset it 
deems necessary to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Notes or (ii) to realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction or asset, including, without 
limitation, where such inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (A) any 
restrictions or increase in charges or fees imposed by the Fund on any investor's 
ability to redeem a Fund Unit, in whole or in part, or any existing or new investor's 
ability to make new or additional investments in such Units of the Fund, or (B) any 
mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Units of the Fund; or
(d)
At any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would 
incur an increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, capital and/or funding costs, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to maintain the Notes.
Dealing Events
(a)
 (i) The non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a 
subscription or redemption order in respect of any Units of the Fund (including, for 
the avoidance of any doubt, any non-execution by the Fund of its obligations 
pending completion of its fiscal audit) (ii) the Fund suspends or refuses transfers of 
any of its Units of the Fund (including, without limitation, if the Fund applies any 
gating, deferral, suspension or other similar provisions permitting the Fund to delay 
or refuse redemption or transfer of Units of the Fund), (iii) the Fund imposes in 
whole or in part any restriction (including, without limitation, any redemption in 
specie), charge or fee in respect of a redemption or subscription of its Units of the 
Fund by the Hedge Provider or exercises its right to claw back the proceeds already 
paid on redeemed Units of the Fund, if in any case it could in the sole and absolute 
determination of the Calculation Agent have an adverse impact on the Hedge 
Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its hedging activities in relation to the 
Notes, or (iv) a mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the Units of the Fund 
is imposed by the Fund on any one or more holders of Units of the Fund at any time 
for any reason.
Miscellaneous Events
(a)
The occurrence of any Additional Disruption Event in respect of the Fund.
(b)
In the case of Notes linked to a Basket of Funds, the occurrence of a Basket Trigger 
Event.
(c)
The Fund or any Fund Service Provider defaults under, materially modifies, or 
terminates any rebate agreements in place with the Issuer, the Hedge Provider or any 
of its Affiliates.

--- Page 175 ---
175.
WS0101.36205449.4
(d)
If the Fund is part of an umbrella structure with more than one sub-fund, a cross-
contamination or other failure to segregate the portfolio of assets held by the Fund 
occurs between different series, classes and/or sub-funds of the Fund;
(e)
Any security granted by the Fund or any Fund Service Provider over any of its assets 
is enforced or becomes capable of being enforced or any arrangement which in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent is comparable to security over any such 
assets is terminated or capable of early termination or any derivatives, repo, 
securities lending or other trading or dealing arrangement relating to the assets of 
the Fund becomes capable of early termination by reason of any disruption event or 
default relating to the Fund or the Fund Service Provider; or 
(f)
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to 
any Fund Service Provider or any affiliate of the Fund, by Moody's France SAS, or 
any successor to the ratings business thereof ("Moody's"), and/or Standard and 
Poor's Rating Group (a division of McGraw-Hill, Inc.), or any successor to the 
ratings business thereof ("S&P"), is downgraded to below A (S&P) or A2 (Moody’s) 
and/or the short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating 
assigned to any Fund Service Provider by Moody's or S&P is downgraded to below 
A-1 (S&P) or P-1 (Moody’s).
3. DETERMINATION OF A FUND DISRUPTION EVENT
The Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
shall determine if a Fund Disruption Event has occurred. Where the occurrence of an event 
or set of circumstances is capable of triggering more than one Fund Disruption Event, the 
Calculation Agent may determine which Fund Disruption Event is to be triggered, in its 
sole and absolute discretion.
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers a Fund 
Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the 
Trade Date, of any event or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set 
of circumstances occurs more than once.
4. CONSEQUENCES OF A FUND DISRUPTION EVENT
4.1If the Calculation Agent determines that a Fund Disruption Event has occurred, it may, at any 
time up to the date on which such Fund Disruption Event has ceased to exist, request the 
Issuer to notify the Noteholders (the "Fund Disruption Event Notice") in accordance with 
Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (such notice being irrevocable), of 
the occurrence of the relevant Fund Disruption Event (the date on which such Fund 
Disruption Event Notice is sent, a "Fund Disruption Event Notification Date") and set 
out, if determined at that time, the action that it has been determined will be taken in respect 
of the Fund Disruption Event in accordance with Condition 4.2 below. Where the action 
that the Calculation Agent has determined to take is not, for whatever reason, set out in the 
Fund Disruption Event Notice, the action that the Calculation Agent has determined to take 
shall be set out in a subsequent notice given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as soon as reasonably practicable after the 
Fund Disruption Event Notification Date.
The Calculation Agent shall provide Noteholders with a Fund Disruption Event Notice as 
soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of a Fund Disruption Event. 
However, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Noteholder or any other 
person in connection with the Notes as a result of any delay concerning the Fund Disruption 
Event Notice. If the Calculation Agent gives a Fund Disruption Event Notice, the Issuer

--- Page 176 ---
176.
WS0101.36205449.4
shall have no obligation to make any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes, until the 
action to be taken in accordance with Condition 4.2 below has been determined.
4.2Following the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent may decide which 
of the following actions to take as described in (a), (b), (c) or (d) below.
(a)
No action
If the Calculation Agent decides that the action to be taken shall be "No Action", 
then no modification shall be made to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or 
to the Final Terms.
(b)
Adjustment
If the Calculation Agent decides that the action to be taken shall be "Adjustment", 
then the Calculation Agent may determine the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to 
be made to all or any Funds, Units of the Fund and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms (including adjusting any 
Commission) to take account of the Fund Disruption Event and determine the 
effective date of such adjustment.
(c)
Substitution
If the Calculation Agent decides that following a Fund Disruption Event, the action 
to be taken shall be "Substitution", the Calculation Agent shall:
(i)
determine the weighted average price at which a Hypothetical 
Investor could redeem the number of Units of the Fund it holds in the relevant 
Fund in such number as determined by the Calculation Agent as soon as it is 
reasonably practicable following the Fund Disruption Event;
(ii) for a period of no longer than 14 calendar days following the date 
on which a Hypothetical Investor would have received proceeds from a 
redemption order in full submitted by the Hedge Provider as soon as 
practicable following the occurrence of an Fund Disruption Event, use its best 
efforts to replace the affected Fund with an alternative fund which, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the 
affected Fund, including but not limited to, comparable investment objectives, 
investment restrictions, investment processes and service providers;
(iii) if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to the preceding 
sub-paragraph (ii) above, the Calculation Agent shall use its best efforts to 
substitute the affected Fund with an index selected by the Calculation Agent;
(iv) following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) 
or (iii) above, the Calculation Agent shall make the necessary adjustments as 
soon as possible to take account of such substitution.
(d)
Termination
If the Calculation Agent determines that following the occurrence of the Fund 
Disruption Event, the action to be taken is "Termination", the Calculation Agent 
may request the Issuer to redeem the Notes. The Issuer, having notified the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (such notice may be included in the Fund Disruption Event Notice following 
the Fund Disruption Event), shall redeem the Notes in full (and not in part only) at 
their Termination Amount.

--- Page 177 ---
177.
WS0101.36205449.4
(e)
General
In determining to take a particular action as result of a Fund Disruption Event, the 
Calculation Agent shall not be under any duty to consider the interests of the 
Noteholders or any other person. In making any determination as to which action to 
take following the occurrence of a Fund Disruption Event, neither the Issuer nor the 
Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect 
of interest), underperformance or opportunity costs suffered or incurred by 
Noteholders or any other person in relation to or resulting from the Notes, or arising 
as a result of any delay in making any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes.
5. SETTLEMENT DATE / REDEMPTION DATE / POSTPONED SETTLEMENT DATE 
In the case of Notes other than Physical Delivery Notes, if on the date falling two Business 
Days prior to the originally specified Settlement Date, Redemption Date or Termination 
Date, as the case may be, the Issuer has not received the full amount of the redemption 
proceeds in respect of its Fund Units from the Hedge Provider (the "Redemption 
Proceeds"), the Calculation Agent may postpone the Settlement Date, Redemption Date 
or Termination Date, as the case may be, and give notice thereof to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
As soon as possible after receipt of the Redemption Proceeds, the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (a 
"Delayed Payment Notice") and shall redeem the Notes no later than the date falling five 
(5) Business Days after receipt of the Delayed Payment Notice (a "Postponed Settlement 
Date") by payment to each Noteholder of the Redemption Amount or Termination 
Amount, as the case may be, provided that, if the Hedge Provider the Redemption Proceeds 
within the period ending on the date (the "Delayed Payment Cut-Off Date") specified in 
the Final Terms or, if not so specified, the date falling two years after the originally 
designated Settlement Date, Redemption Date or Termination Date, as the case may be, 
the Postponed Settlement Date shall be the Delayed Payment Cut-Off Date.

--- Page 178 ---
178.
WS0101.36205449.4
TECHNICAL ANNEX 5
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO COMMODITY LINKED NOTES
The terms applicable to Commodity Linked Notes include the terms and conditions of the Notes set 
forth on pages 52 to 99 (the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") and the supplemental terms 
described below (the "Commodity Linked Note Terms and Conditions" or abbreviated to 
"Commodity Linked Note Terms"), in each case, subject as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event of conflict between the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Commodity Linked 
Note Terms, the Commodity Linked Note Terms shall prevail.
All expressions beginning with a capital letter and not defined in these Commodity Linked Notes 
Terms shall have the meanings given thereto in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the relevant 
Final Terms.
References herein to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered 
paragraphs below.
1. MARKET DISRUPTION
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of any Commodity or Commodity Index, 
the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of:
(a)
in the case of all Commodities and each Commodity Index, a Price Source 
Disruption, a Trading Disruption, a Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price 
or a Limit Price Event; and in addition
(b)
in the case of each Commodity Index and all Commodities other than 
Gold, Silver, Platinum or Palladium, a Material Change in Formula, a Material 
Change in Content and/or a Tax Disruption; and in addition
(c)
in the case of a Commodity Index, an Index Component Disruption Event.
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, notify the Issuer and the 
relevant Agent of its determination that a Market Disruption Event has occurred, and the 
measures it proposes to take in relation thereto, and such Agent shall hold copies of such 
determinations available for consultation by holders.
2. CONSEQUENCES OF MARKET DISRUPTION EVENTS AND FALLBACKS IN THE 
EVENT OF DISRUPTION 
If a Market Disruption Event occurs or subsists on any Pricing Date (or, if different, the 
day on which prices for such Pricing Date would normally be published by the Price 
Source), the Calculation Agent may take such measures as described in paragraphs (a), (b) 
or (c) below as it deems appropriate:
(a)
the Calculation Agent shall determine whether such event has a material 
impact on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Coupon Amount and/or 
the Redemption Amount, and/or make any other calculation using, instead of a 
published price or level for such Commodity or Commodity Index, as the case may 
be, the price or level for such Commodity or Commodity Index determined by the 
Calculation Agent having regard to the Commodity Fallback Value; or
(b)
the Calculation Agent may substitute the relevant Commodity or Index 
Component with a Commodity or Index Component selected by it in accordance 
with the criteria set out below (each, a "Substitute Commodity" or a "Substitute 
Index Component"), as the case may be, for each Commodity or Index Component

--- Page 179 ---
179.
WS0101.36205449.4
(each, an "Affected Commodity" or an "Affected Index Component") that is 
affected by the Market Disruption Event; in such case, the Substitute Commodity or 
the Substitute Index Component shall be deemed to be a "Commodity" or "Index 
Component" for the purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation Agent shall make 
such adjustment(s), if any, as it considers appropriate to one or more Weightings 
and/or any other terms of these Terms and Conditions of the Notes and/or the 
relevant Final Terms, provided however that if any amount payable under the Notes 
has to be determined by reference to the original price of the Commodity or Index 
Component, the original price of each Substitute Commodity or Substitute Index 
Component shall be determined by the Calculation Agent. To be selected as a 
Substitute Commodity, the Substitute Commodity must be a futures contract on 
similar terms to, the same delivery date as, and relating to the same Commodity as, 
the Affected Commodity.
To be selected as a Substitute Index Component, the Substitute Index Component 
must be a substitute futures contract or commodities index relating to a futures 
contract, having similar terms to those of the Affected Index Component.
Such substitution and relevant adjustment(s) shall be deemed to take effect on the 
date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date"), and such date 
may, but need not necessarily, be the date of the relevant Market Disruption Event. 
Such substitution shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as possible after the 
Substitution Date, in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes; or
(c)
the Issuer shall redeem all and not some only of the Notes, each Note being 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, less 
the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payment shall be made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes.
3. ADJUSTMENT TO A COMMODITY INDEX
3.1A Successor Index Sponsor calculates and announces a Commodity Index
If a Commodity Index (a) is not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor"), 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (b) replaced by a successor commodity index using, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula 
for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Commodity Index, then in 
each case that commodity index (the "Successor Commodity Index") shall be deemed to 
be the Commodity Index.
"Index Sponsor" means the entity which publishes or announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level of the relevant Index and which on the Issue Date is the index sponsor 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.
3.2Commodity Index Modification and Commodity Index Cancellation and Commodity 
Index Disruption
If (a) at any time before the last Averaging Date, the last Observation Date, the Final 
Interest Pricing Date or the Final Pricing Date, the Index Sponsor makes or announces that 
it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a Commodity 
Index or in any other way materially modifies that Commodity Index (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Commodity Index in

--- Page 180 ---
180.
WS0101.36205449.4
the event of changes in contracts or commodities comprised in it or other routine events) 
(a "Commodity Index Modification"), or permanently cancels a Commodity Index 
without providing a Successor Commodity Index (a "Commodity Index Cancellation"), 
or (b) on any Averaging Date, Observation Date, Final Interest Pricing Date or Final 
Pricing Date, the Commodity Index Sponsor or (where applicable) the Successor Index 
Sponsor ceases to calculate and/or publish, a Commodity Index (a "Commodity Index 
Disruption" and, together with Commodity Index Modification and Commodity Index 
Cancellation, each a "Commodity Index Adjustment Event"), then:
(a)
the Calculation Agent shall determine whether such Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Notes, and in such case, shall calculate 
the relevant price, level or value using, in lieu of the published level for such 
Commodity Index, the Commodity Fallback Value; or
(b)
the Issuer may redeem the Notes upon sending a notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as the 
case may be. If the Notes are to be redeemed, the Issuer shall pay to each Noteholder 
an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, taking account of the 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates 
of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. Payment shall be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes.
4. CORRECTION OF A COMMODITY REFERENCE PRICE 
Other than in the case of any corrections published after the Cut-Off Date, if the 
Commodity price published on any day and used or intended to be used by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of any determination or calculation under the Notes is subsequently 
corrected and if the correction is published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (as the case 
may be) the relevant Successor Index Sponsor, during the Commodity Correction Period, 
the price to be used shall be the Commodity price as corrected. Corrections published after 
the Cut-Off Date shall be ignored by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining 
any relevant amount to be paid.
5. KNOCK-IN EVENT AND KNOCK-OUT EVENT:
5.1If the Final Terms specify that "Knock-In Event" is applicable, any payment under the relevant 
Notes which the Final Terms specify is subject to a Knock-In Event shall be subject to the 
occurrence of such Knock-In Event.
5.2If the Final Terms specify that "Knock-Out Event" is applicable, any payment under the relevant 
Notes which the Final Terms specify is subject to a Knock-Out Event shall be subject to 
the occurrence of such Knock-Out Event.
5.3If the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time specified in 
the relevant Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-In Barrier Effective 
Date or on any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date at any time in the hour preceding or 
following the Valuation Time the price of the Commodity reaches the Knock-In Barrier or 
the Knock-Out Barrier, a Price Source Disruption, a Trading Disruption, a Disappearance 
of Commodity Reference Price, a Limit Price Event, a Material Change in Formula, a 
Material Change in Content, a Tax Disruption or an Index Component Disruption Event 
occurs or exists, then the Knock-In Event or the Knock-Out Event shall be deemed not to 
have occurred; provided however that if, by the effect of this clause, no Knock-In Barrier 
Effective Date or Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date occurs during the Knock-In Barrier 
Effective Period or the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period, the Knock-In Barrier Effective

--- Page 181 ---
181.
WS0101.36205449.4
Period End Date or the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period End Date shall be deemed to 
be a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the Commodity 
at the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time or at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time as 
provided in the definition of "Valuation Date".
5.4If the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time specified in 
the relevant Final Terms is any time or period of time during the normal market opening 
hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-In Barrier Effective Date or on any 
Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date at any time in the hour preceding or following the time 
at which the price of the Commodity reaches the Knock-In Barrier or the Knock-Out 
Barrier, a Price Source Disruption, a Trading Disruption, a Disappearance of Commodity 
Reference Price, a Limit Price Event, a Material Change in Formula, a Material Change in 
Content, a Tax Disruption or an Index Component Disruption Event occurs or exists, then 
the Knock-In Event or the Knock-Out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, 
provided however that if, by the effect of this clause no Knock-In Barrier Effective Date 
or Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date occurs during the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period 
or the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period, the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period End Date 
or the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period End Date shall be deemed to be a Valuation 
Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the price of the Commodity at the Knock-In 
Barrier Valuation Time or at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time as provided in the 
definition of "Valuation Date".
5.5Definitions relating to Knock-In Events/Knock-Out Events
"Knock-In Barrier" means (i) in the case of a single Commodity, the price of the 
Commodity and (ii) in the case of one or more Commodities, the price of the Commodities, 
in each case (x) specified as such in the Final Terms or (y) calculated pursuant to 
Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS Knock-In is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in each case, subject to adjustment where 
applicable in accordance with the terms of Condition 1 and Condition 3 above;
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Date" means the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
or each Trading Day during the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period;
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period" means the period commencing on the Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date included and ending on the Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Period End Date included;
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" means the date as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if "Commodity Trading Day Convention – Knock-In Barrier 
Effective Period Commencement Date" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, and if such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately succeeding 
Commodity Business Day;
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period End Date" means the date as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if "Commodity Trading Day Convention – Knock-In Barrier 
Effective Period End Date" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and if 
such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately succeeding Commodity 
Business Day;
"Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such Knock-In 
Barrier Valuation Time is specified, the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time shall be the 
Valuation Time;
"Knock-In Barrier Value" means the value calculated in accordance with the

--- Page 182 ---
182.
WS0101.36205449.4
Supplemental Payout Terms 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Knock-In Event" means:
(a)
if SPS Knock-In is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Knock-In Barrier Value is; or
(b)
if SPS Knock-In is specified as being not-applicable in the relevant Final Terms,
(i)
in respect of a single Commodity, that the price of the Commodity determined 
by the Calculation Agent at the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time on any 
Knock-In Barrier Effective Date is;
(ii)
in respect of one or more Commodities, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent being equal to the sum of the values of each Commodity 
(the value of each Commodity being the product of (x) the price of such 
Commodity at the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time on any Knock-In Barrier 
Effective Date and (y) the applicable Weighting) is;
in each case (A) (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "lower than" or 
(d) "lower than or equal to" the Knock-In Barrier or (B) "within" the Knock-In 
Tunnel,
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Knock-In Barrier Effective 
Date, or (y) in respect of any Knock-In Barrier Effective Period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Knock-In Tunnel" means the tunnel specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment where applicable as provided in Condition 1 and Condition 3 of the Commodity 
Linked Note Terms;
"Knock-Out Barrier" means (i) in the case of a single Commodity, the price of the 
Commodity and (ii) in the case of one or more Commodities, the price of the Commodities, 
in each case (x) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or (y) calculated pursuant to 
Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS Knock-Out 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in each case, subject to adjustment 
where applicable in accordance with the terms of Condition 1 and Condition 3 above;
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date" means the dates specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or each Trading Day during the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period;
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period" means the period commencing on the Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date included and ending on the Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Period End Date included;
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" means the date as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if "Commodity Trading Day Convention – Knock-
Out Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, and if such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Commodity Business Day;
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period End Date" means the date as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if "Commodity Trading Day Convention – Knock-Out Barrier 
Effective Period End Date" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and if 
such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately succeeding Commodity 
Business Day;

--- Page 183 ---
183.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-
Out Barrier Effective Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no such Knock-
Out Barrier Valuation Time is specified, the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time shall be 
the Valuation Time;
"Knock-Out Barrier Value" means the value calculated in accordance with the 
Supplemental Payout Terms 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Knock-Out Event" means:
(a)
if SPS Knock-Out is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Knock-
Out Barrier Value is; or
(b)
if SPS Knock-Out is specified as being not-applicable in the Final Terms:
(i)
in respect of a single Commodity, that the price of the Commodity determined 
by the Calculation Agent at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time on any 
Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date is; and
(ii)
in respect of one or more Commodities, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent being equal to the sum of the values of each Commodity 
(the value of each Commodity being the product of (x) the price of such 
Commodity at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time on any Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Date and (y) the applicable Weighting) is:
in each case (A) (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "lower than" or 
(d) "less than or equal to" the Knock-Out Barrier or (B) "within" the Knock-Out 
Tunnel,
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Knock-Out Barrier 
Effective Date, or (y) in respect of any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.
"Knock-Out Tunnel" means the tunnel specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment where applicable as provided in Condition 1 and Condition 3 of the Commodity 
Linked Note Terms;
"Weighting" means the weighting specified in the relevant Final Terms.
6. AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION
If the Final Terms specify that "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is applicable, and 
unless the Notes have previously been redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) on each of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates in the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then 
the Notes shall automatically be redeemed in full, and not part only, on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date immediately following the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or the end of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, 
and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such date for the redemption 
of each Note shall be an amount in the currency specified in the Final Terms equal to the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount.
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, the amount determined by reference to 
the Automatic Early Redemption Payout if specified in the relevant Final Terms and, 
failing which, the product of (i) the Specified Denomination of each Note and (ii) the

--- Page 184 ---
184.
WS0101.36205449.4
applicable Automatic Early Redemption Rate relating to such Automatic Early 
Redemption Date;
"Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business 
Day, provided that no Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or additional payment by 
reason of such postponement;
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means:
(a)
If SPS AER is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 
is; or
(b)
If SPS AER is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms;
(a) in the case of a single Commodity, that the price of the Commodity determined 
by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date is, and (b) in the case of multiple Commodities, that the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent being equal to the sum of the values of each 
Commodity (the value of a Commodity being the product (x) of the price of such 
Commodity as determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, and (y) of the applicable Weighting) 
is, in each case;
(i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "lower than" or (iv) "lower than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level (specified in the Final Terms) 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, or (y) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s) falling 
in any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means (i) in the case of a single Commodity, the 
level of such Commodity, and (ii) in the case of one or more Commodities, the level of 
such Commodities, in each case (x) specified in the relevant Final Terms (y) or calculated 
pursuant to Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, if SPS 
AER is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, all subject to the "Adjustments to 
a Commodity Index" specified in Condition 3 above;
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, (x) the rate specified as such, (y) or calculated pursuant to Conditions 
1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS AER is specified as 
being applicable, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if any such date is not a Trading Day, the following Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Disruption Event occurs on such date, in 
which case, the corresponding provisions in the definition "Valuation Date" shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were instead to 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date";
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;
"SPS AER Value" means the value calculated in accordance with the Supplemental Payout 
Terms 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 as specified in the relevant Final Term.

--- Page 185 ---
185.
WS0101.36205449.4
7. CONSEQUENCES OF AN ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENT OR OPTIONAL 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENT
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional 
Additional Disruption Event have/has occurred, the Issuer may redeem the Notes by 
sending the Noteholders a notice in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. If the Notes are so redeemed, the Issuer shall pay to each 
Noteholder, in respect of each Note, an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, 
taking into account such Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying hedging arrangements, and plus all interest accrued, if any, up 
to the effective date of redemption, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments 
shall be made in the manner notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
8. DEFINITIONS 
"Additional Disruption Event" means: a Change in Law or a Hedging Disruption;
"Basket Component" means any Commodity or Commodity Index comprised in a Basket 
of Commodities;
"Basket of Commodities" means (i) a basket comprising at least two Commodities and/or 
Commodity Indices specified in the relevant Final Terms assigned with the weightings 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) a Relative Performance Basket;
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any law and/or regulation relating to tax or to solvency 
and/or capital adequacy requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of, any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or 
financial supervisory authority), or the combined effect of any of such events if they occur 
more than once, the Issuer determines: that:
(a)
it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any hedging position in respect 
of the Notes; or
(b)
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, 
without limitation, due to any tax, solvency or capital adequacy requirement) in 
respect of the Notes or the holding, acquisition or disposal of any hedging position 
in respect of the Notes.
"Commodity" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Commodity Linked 
Note Terms, the commodity (or commodities) or futures contract on a commodity (or 
commodities) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly; for the avoidance of doubt, each of climatic variables, freight rates 
and emissions allowances may be a Commodity for the purposes of these Commodity 
Linked Note Terms and the relevant Final Terms;
"Commodity Business Day" means:
(a)
in respect of a Commodity or Commodity Index:
(i)
where the Commodity Reference Price for the relevant Commodity or 
Commodity Index is announced or published by an Exchange, any day that is 
(or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been) a

--- Page 186 ---
186.
WS0101.36205449.4
day on which each relevant Exchange is open for trading during its regular 
trading sessions and notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its 
scheduled closing time; or
(ii)
a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have published) a price for 
the relevant Commodity or Commodity Index; or
(b)
in the case of a Basket of Commodities, a day on which the Commodity Reference 
Price in respect of all of the Basket Components is scheduled to be published or 
announced in accordance with (i) and (ii) above;
"Commodity Correction Period" means the period specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Commodity Disrupted Day" means a day on which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred;
"Commodity Fallback Value" means:
(a)
in respect of any Commodity, the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided to the 
Calculation Agent by each of the Reference Dealers as its Commodity Reference 
Price for the relevant Pricing Date of the relevant Commodity, provided that if only 
three such quotations are so provided, the Commodity Fallback Value shall be the 
Commodity Reference Price remaining after disregarding the Commodity Reference 
Price having the highest and lowest values (or if more than one such highest or 
lowest, one only of them). If fewer than three such quotations are so provided, it will 
be deemed that such value cannot be determined and the relevant value shall be the 
good faith estimate of the Calculation Agent; or
(b)
in respect of any Commodity Index or Basket of Commodities, the price for such 
Commodity Index or Basket of Commodities, as the case may be, in respect of the 
relevant Pricing Date determined by the Calculation Agent using the current 
applicable method of calculating such Commodity Index or the method for 
determining the value of the Basket of Commodities, as the case may be, using the 
price for each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may be, 
determined as follows:
(i)
in respect of each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may 
be, which is not affected by the Market Disruption Event, the closing price or 
level or settlement price, as applicable, of such Index Component or Basket 
Component, as the case may be, on such Pricing Date; and
(ii)
in respect of each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may 
be, which is affected by the Market Disruption Event (each an "Affected 
Item"), the closing price or level or settlement price, as applicable, for such 
Affected Item on the first succeeding Pricing Date that is not a Commodity 
Disrupted Day, unless each of the consecutive Pricing Dates immediately 
following the Scheduled Pricing Date is a Commodity Disrupted Day during 
a period equal to the Maximum Number of Disrupted Days. In such case, (i) 
the last such consecutive Pricing Date shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date 
for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Commodity 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price or 
level of such Affected Item based upon the price at which the Issuer is able to 
sell or otherwise realise any hedge positions in respect of the Notes during the 
period of five (5) Commodity Business Days following the last such 
consecutive Pricing Dates;

--- Page 187 ---
187.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Commodity Index" means each index specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or an 
index comprising one or more commodities, contracts for the future delivery of a 
commodity, indices linked to a single commodity (each an "Index Component");
"Commodity Reference Price" means (i) in respect of any Commodity or Commodity 
Index, the Commodity Reference Price specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the relevant date or 
month for delivery of the underlying Commodity (which must be a date or month published 
or capable of being determined from information published by the relevant Price Source) 
determined as follows:
(a)
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the relevant Final Terms, that date 
or that month and year;
(b)
if a Nearby Month is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the month of expiration 
of the relevant Futures Contract; and
(c)
if a method is specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of determining 
the Delivery Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to that 
method;
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price" means (A) the permanent 
discontinuation of trading, in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange or 
(B) the disappearance of, or of trading in, the relevant Commodity or Index Component or 
(C) the disappearance or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity 
Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the status 
of trading in the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component;
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis 
for determining the Relevant Price in respect of a specified Commodity Reference Price 
when a Market Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a Pricing Date (or, if 
different, the day on which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the Price Source). A Disruption Fallback is applicable if it is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no Disruption Fallback is specified, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant actions in accordance with Commodity 
Linked Note Term 2 (Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption 
Fallbacks);
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market 
for such Commodity, specified in the relevant Final Terms or in the Commodity Reference 
Price and, in the case of a Commodity Index, the exchange or principal trading market for 
each Index Component comprised in such Commodity Index;
"Final Pricing Date" or "Final Interest Pricing Date" means the date as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. References in these Conditions to "Final Pricing Date" shall be 
deemed to apply mutatis mutandis in respect of any "Final Interest Pricing Date";
"Futures Contract" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the contract for 
future delivery, on the relevant Delivery Date, of the Commodity or Commodity Index 
referred to in that Commodity Reference Price;
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, despite 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or forward contract(s) or options contract(s) that it 
deems necessary to hedge the commodity price risk or any other price risk assumed by the 
Issuer in issuing the Notes and performing its obligations under the Notes, or to (B) freely

--- Page 188 ---
188.
WS0101.36205449.4
realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) 
or asset(s) or forward contract(s) or options contract(s) or any hedging position in respect 
of the Notes;
"Index Component Disruption Event" means:
(a)
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date 
includes, or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published 
on any date between the Issue Date and such Pricing Date that is not a price 
published by the usual exchange or price source, but is a price determined by the 
Price Source; or
(b)
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date 
includes, or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published 
by the usual exchange or price source on any date between the Issue Date and such 
Pricing Date that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has been calculated or 
published subject to the occurrence of market disruption or similar, or otherwise not 
in accordance with the usual, then-current, method used by such exchange or price 
source;
"Initial Pricing Date" or "Initial Interest Pricing Date" means the date as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. References in these Conditions to "Initial Pricing Date" shall be 
deemed to apply mutatis mutandis in respect of any "Initial Interest Pricing Date";
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, Commodity Index or Index 
Component and any time on a Pricing Date, the Relevant Price of such Commodity, 
Commodity Index or Index Component at such time on such day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Commodity Linked Note Term 2 (Consequences 
of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks) and, if applicable, Commodity 
Linked Note Term 3 (Adjustments to a Commodity Index);
"Limit Price Event" means that the settlement price of any Commodity or Index 
Component has increased or decreased from the previous day's published settlement price 
by an amount equal to the maximum amount permitted under the applicable exchange rules 
for such Commodity or Index Component;
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material 
change in the content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity or Futures 
Contract or, in the case of a Commodity Index, any Index Component.
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference 
Price or any Index Component used to calculate the Commodity Reference Price;
"Maximum Number of Disrupted Days" means five (5) Commodity Business Days or 
such other Maximum Number of Disrupted Days as is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Nearby Month", when preceded by a numerical adjective, means, in respect of a Delivery 
Date and a Pricing Date, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract identified by that 
numerical adjective, so that, for example, (A) "First Nearby Month" means the month of 
expiration of the first Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; (B) "Second 
Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the second Futures Contract to expire 
following that Pricing Date; and (C) "Sixth Nearby Month" means the month of 
expiration of the sixth Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date;

--- Page 189 ---
189.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means any event specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms;
"Price Source" means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an 
Exchange or Index Sponsor or Index Calculation Agent) containing (or reporting) the 
Specified Price (or prices from which the Specified Price is calculated) specified in the 
relevant Commodity Reference Price;
"Price Source Disruption" means (A) the failure of the Price Source to announce or 
publish the Specified Price (or the information necessary for determining the Specified 
Price) for the relevant Commodity Reference Price, or (B) the temporary or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source;
"Pricing Date" or "Interest Pricing Date" means each date specified in the Final Terms 
as being the Initial Pricing Date, an Ascertainment Date, an Observation Date, an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Pricing Date or if any such date 
is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately succeeding Commodity Business Day, 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Commodity Disrupted Day, 
in which case:
(a)
the relevant Pricing Date or Interest Pricing Date, as applicable, shall be the first 
succeeding Commodity Business Day that is not a Commodity Disrupted Day, 
unless each of the consecutive Pricing Dates immediately following the Scheduled 
Pricing Date or the Scheduled Interest Pricing Date is a Commodity Disrupted Day 
during a period equal to the Maximum Number of Disrupted Days. In such case, (A) 
such last consecutive Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be the Pricing 
Date or the Interest Pricing Date, as the case may be, irrespective of whether such 
day is a Commodity Disrupted Day, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall take action 
in accordance with the provisions of Commodity Linked Note Term 2 
(Consequences of Market Disruption Events and Disruption Fallbacks);
(b)
References in these Conditions to the "Pricing Date" shall be deemed to apply 
mutatis mutandis to any "Interest Pricing Date"; 
"Reference Dealers" means four prime market participants active in the relevant 
Commodities market, selected by the Calculation Agent;
"Relative Performance Basket" means a basket comprising at least two Commodities 
and/or Commodity Indices specified in the relevant Final Terms where no weighting shall 
be applicable and where the Final Redemption Amount shall be determined by reference 
to the Commodity or the Commodity Index which is either (i) the best performing, (ii) the 
worst performing, or (iii) by reference to any other measure of performance applied to the 
Commodities and/or Commodity Indices, in each case as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"Relevant Price" means, for any Pricing Date, the price, expressed as a price per unit of 
the Commodity, the price of the Commodity Index or any Commodity Index Component, 
determined with respect to that day for the specified Commodity Reference Price 
calculated as provided in these Commodity Linked Note Terms and the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Scheduled Pricing Date" or "Scheduled Interest Pricing Date" means any original date 
that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Commodity Disrupted Day, would have 
been a Pricing Date. References in these Conditions to "Scheduled Pricing Date" shall be 
deemed to apply mutatis mutandis in respect of any "Scheduled Interest Pricing Date";

--- Page 190 ---
190.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Specified Price" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, any of the following 
prices (which must be a price published by, or capable of being determined from 
information published by, the relevant Price Source), as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (and, where applicable, as of the time so specified): (A) the high price; (B) the low 
price; (C) the average of the high price and the low price; (D) the closing price; (E) the 
opening price; (F) the bid price; (G) the asked price; (H) the average of the bid price and 
the asked price; (I) the settlement price; (J) the official settlement price; (K) the official 
price; (L) the morning fixing; (M) the afternoon fixing; (N) the spot price; or (O) any other 
price specified in the relevant Final Terms on the Pricing Date;
"Tax Disruption" means the imposition of, change in or removal of any indirect tax, sales 
or consumption tax, value added tax, transfer tax, stamp duty, documentary tax, registration 
duty or other similar tax on, or measured by reference to, the relevant Commodity, or in 
the case of a Commodity Index on any Index Component (other than a tax on, or measured 
by reference to overall gross or net income), by any government or taxation authority after 
the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise or 
lower the Relevant Price on the day that would otherwise be a Pricing Date from what it 
would have been without that imposition, change or removal;
"Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or a material limitation imposed 
on, trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the Commodity or, in the case of a 
Commodity Index, Index Component on the Exchange specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or in any additional futures contract, options contract, commodity index or 
commodity on such Exchange. For these purposes:
(a)
a suspension of trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, 
as the case may be, on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material 
only if:
(i)
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the 
case may be, is suspended for the entire Pricing Date; or
(ii)
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the 
case may be, is suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the Pricing 
Date and trading does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close 
of trading in such Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the 
case may be, on such Pricing Date and such suspension is announced less than 
one hour preceding its commencement; and
(b)
a limitation on trading in the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index 
Component, as the case may be, on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed 
to be material only if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within 
which the price of the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, 
as the case may be, may fluctuate and the closing or settlement price of the relevant 
Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may be, on such day 
is at the upper or lower limit of that range.

--- Page 191 ---
191.
WS0101.36205449.4
TECHNICAL ANNEX 6
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO EXCHANGE RATE (FX) LINKED NOTES
The terms applicable to Exchange Rate (FX) Linked Notes include the terms and conditions of the 
Notes set forth on pages 52 to 99 (the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") and the supplemental 
terms described below (the "FX Linked Note Terms and Conditions" or abbreviated to "FX 
Linked Note Terms"), in each case, subject as provided in the relevant Final Terms. In the event 
of conflict between the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the FX Linked Note Terms, the FX 
Linked Note Terms shall prevail.
All expressions beginning with a capital letter and not defined in these Exchange Rate Linked Notes 
shall have the meanings given thereto in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the relevant Final 
Terms.
References herein to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered 
paragraphs below.
1. DISRUPTION EVENT
The occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of a Base Currency, a Subject 
Currency and/or Subject Currencies, shall constitute a Disruption Event:
(a)
Price Source Disruption;
(b)
Illiquidity Disruption;
(c)
Dual Exchange Rate; or
(d)
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous 
to (a), (b) or (c).
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Noteholders, in accordance 
with Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, that a Disruption Event has 
occurred on a day which, but for the occurrence of such Disruption Event, would have been 
an Averaging Date, a Settlement Price Date, an Knock-In Barrier Effective Date or a 
Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date, as the case may be.
2. CONSEQUENCES OF A DISRUPTION EVENT
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or subsists on 
any Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for 
such date are usually published by the Price Source), the Calculation Agent shall:
(a)
apply the Disruption Fallbacks to determine the consequences of the 
Disruption Event.
"Disruption Fallbacks" means a source or method that may give rise to an 
alternative basis for determining the Settlement Price in respect of a Base Currency, 
a Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies when a Disruption Event occurs or 
exists on a day that is an Averaging Date or a Settlement Price Date (or, if different, 
the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by the Price Source). The Calculation Agent shall take the action 
specified in paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) below.
(i)
if an Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine that the relevant Averaging Date or

--- Page 192 ---
192.
WS0101.36205449.4
Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (in the case of any 
Settlement Price Date) or a Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging Date or 
Settlement Price Date which is not the Strike Date), unless each of the 
following consecutive Scheduled Trading Days is a Disrupted Day during a 
period equal to the Maximum Number of Disrupted Days immediately 
following the originally scheduled Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, 
as the case may be, in which case the Calculation Agent may determine that 
the last of such consecutive Scheduled Trading Days shall be deemed to be 
the Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, as the case may be (irrespective 
of whether, in the case of an Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date, such 
last Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date or Settlement Price 
Date, as the case may be), and may determine the Settlement Price by using 
reasonable efforts to determine a level for the Base Currency, the Subject 
Currency and/or Subject Currencies, at the Valuation Time on the last of such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, taking into consideration all available 
information that it deems in good faith to be relevant; or
(ii) if an Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day, 
but is not a Redemption Valuation Date, and if "Deferred Redemption 
following a Disruption Event" is specified as not applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, on giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer shall 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by 
payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, less the 
cost to the Issuer of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payment shall be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes; or
(iii) if an Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day, 
but is not a Redemption Valuation Date, and if "Deferred Redemption 
following a Disruption Event" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each 
Note, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements (the "(FX) Exchange Rate 
Disruption Calculated Amount"), as soon as practicable after the occurrence 
of the Disruption Event (the "(FX) Exchange Rate Disruption Calculated 
Amount Determination Date", and shall, on the Maturity Date, redeem each 
Note in an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent, equal to (x) the (FX) 
Exchange Rate Disruption Calculated Amount plus interest accrued up to the 
(FX) Exchange Rate Disruption Calculated Amount Determination Date 
included, up to the Maturity Date not included, at a rate equal to the Issuer’s 
cost of refinancing on such date, or (y) if Protected Capital Termination 
Amount is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and such 
amount is higher, at its nominal amount; and/or
(b)
postpone any payment date related to such Averaging Date or Settlement 
Price Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the 
ordinary course, be provided or announced by the Price Source), as the case may be 
(including, where applicable, the Maturity Date) until the Business Day following 
the date on which a Disruption Event is no longer subsisting and no interest or other 
amount shall be paid by the Issuer in respect of such postponement.

--- Page 193 ---
193.
WS0101.36205449.4
3. SETTLEMENT PRICE
"Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Subject Currency and a Settlement Price Date, 
and subject as provided in FX Linked Note Term 2, an amount equal to the spot rate of 
exchange appearing on the relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time on such Settlement 
Price Date as determined by the Calculation Agent, or at the rate for exchange of such 
Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) 
of the Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) or, if 
such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places 
(with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)), as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation 
Agent, of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates (expressed as 
aforesaid) at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date, of two or more 
leading dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent), provided that if the relevant rate of exchange is derived 
from two or more rates of exchange, the Settlement Price shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as provided above acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner on the basis of each such rate of exchange.
4. KNOCK-IN EVENT AND KNOCK-OUT EVENT
4.1If "Knock-In Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms any payment 
under the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being subject to a Knock-In Event, 
shall be subject to the occurrence of such Knock-In Event.
4.2If "Knock-Out Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms any payment 
under the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being subject to a Knock-Out 
Event, shall be subject to the occurrence of such Knock-Out Event.
4.3If the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time specified in 
the relevant Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-In Barrier Effective 
Date or on any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date at any time in the hour preceding or 
following the Valuation Time the Exchange Rate level reaches the Knock-In Barrier or the 
Knock-Out Barrier, a (a) Price Source Disruption, (b) an Illiquidity Disruption, (c) a Dual 
Exchange Rate or (d) any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent is 
analogous to any referred to in (a), (b) or (c), occurs or exists, then the Knock-In Event or 
the Knock-Out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided however that if, by 
the effect of this clause, no Knock-In Barrier Effective Date or Knock-Out Barrier 
Effective Date occurs during the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period or the Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Period, the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period End Date or the Knock-
Out Barrier Effective Period End Date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Exchange Rate level at the Knock-In Barrier 
Valuation Time or at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time as provided in the definition 
of "Valuation Date".
4.4If the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time or the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time specified in 
the relevant Final Terms is any time or period of time during the normal market opening 
hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-In Barrier Effective Date or on any 
Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date at any time in the hour preceding or following the time 
at which the Exchange Rate level reaches the Knock-In Barrier or the Knock-Out Barrier, 
(a) a Price Source Disruption, (b) an Illiquidity Disruption, (c) a Dual Exchange Rate or 
(d) any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent is analogous to any referred 
to in (a), (b) or (c), occurs or exists, then the Knock-In Event or the Knock-Out Event shall 
be deemed not to have occurred, provided however that if, by the effect of this clause no 
Knock-In Barrier Effective Date or Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date occurs during the 
Knock-In Barrier Effective Period or the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period, the Knock-
In Barrier Effective Period End Date or the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period End Date

--- Page 194 ---
194.
WS0101.36205449.4
shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Exchange Rate level at the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time or at the Knock-Out Barrier 
Valuation Time as provided in the definition of "Valuation Date". 
4.5Definitions relating to Knock-In Event/Knock-Out Event
"Knock-In Barrier" means (i) in the case of a single Exchange Rate, the level of the 
Exchange Rate and (ii) in the case of one or more Exchange Rates, the level of the 
Exchange Rates, in each case (x) specified as such in the Final Terms or (y) calculated 
pursuant to Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS 
Knock-In is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in each case, subject to adjustment 
where applicable in accordance with Conditions 1 and 2 of the FX Linked Note Terms.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Date" means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period" means the period commencing on the Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date included and ending on the Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Period End Date included.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" means the date as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if "Exchange Rate Trading Day Convention – Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, and if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period End Date" means the date as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if "Exchange Rate Trading Day Convention – Knock-In Barrier 
Effective Period End Date" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day.
"Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if the relevant Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time, the Knock-In Barrier Valuation 
Time shall be the Valuation Time.
"Knock-In Barrier Value" means the value calculated in accordance with the 
Supplemental Payout Terms 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"Knock-In Event" means:
(a)
if SPS Knock-In is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Knock-In Barrier Value is; or
(b)
if SPS Knock-In is specified as being not-applicable in the relevant Final Terms,
(i)
in respect of a single Exchange Rate, that the level of the Exchange Rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent at the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time 
on any Knock-In Barrier Effective Date is;
(ii)
in respect of one or more Exchange Rates, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent being equal to the sum of the values of each Exchange Rate 
(the value of each Exchange Rate being the product of (x) the level of such 
Exchange Rate at the Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time on any Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Date and (y) the applicable Weighting) is

--- Page 195 ---
195.
WS0101.36205449.4
in each case (A) (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "lower than" or 
(d) "lower than or equal to" the Knock-In Barrier or (B) "within" the Knock-In 
Tunnel, in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Date, or (y) in respect of any Knock-In Barrier Effective Period, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Knock-In Tunnel" means the tunnel specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment where applicable as provided in Conditions 1 and 2 of the FX Linked Note 
Terms.
"Knock-Out Barrier" means (i) in the case of a single Exchange Rate, the level of the 
Exchange Rate and (ii) in the case of one or more Exchange Rates, the level of the 
Exchange Rates, in each case (x) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or (y) 
calculated pursuant to Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout 
Terms if SPS Knock-Out is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in each 
case, subject to adjustment where applicable in accordance with Conditions 1 and 2 of the 
FX Linked Note Terms above.
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date" means the dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-Out Barrier Effective 
Period.
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period" means the period commencing on the Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date included and ending on the Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Period End Date included.
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" means the date as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if "Exchange Rate Trading Day Convention – 
Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, and if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day.
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period End Date" means the date as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if "Exchange Rate Trading Day Convention – Knock-Out Barrier 
Effective Period End Date" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day.
"Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-
Out Barrier Effective Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if the relevant Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time, the Knock-Out Barrier 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time.
"Knock-Out Barrier Value" means the value calculated in accordance with the 
Supplemental Payout Terms 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"Knock-Out Event" means:
(a)
if SPS Knock-Out is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Knock-
Out Barrier Value is; or
(b)
if SPS Knock-Out is specified as being not-applicable in the Final Terms,
(i)
in respect of a single Exchange Rate, that the level of the Exchange Rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation 
Time on any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date is; and

--- Page 196 ---
196.
WS0101.36205449.4
(ii)
in respect of one or more Exchange Rates, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent being equal to the sum of the values of each Exchange Rate 
(the value of each Exchange Rate being the product of (x) the level of such 
Exchange Rate at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time on any Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Date and (y) the applicable Weighting) is
in each case (A) (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "lower than" or 
(d) "lower than or equal to" the Knock-Out Barrier or (B) "within" the Knock-Out 
Tunnel,
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Knock-Out Barrier 
Effective Date, or (y) in respect of any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.
"Knock-Out Tunnel" means the tunnel specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment where applicable as provided in Conditions 1 and 2 of the FX Linked Note 
Terms.
"Weighting" means the weighting specified in the relevant Final Terms.
5. AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION
If the Final Terms specify that "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is applicable, and 
unless the Notes have previously been redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) on each of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates in the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then 
the Notes shall automatically be redeemed in full, and not part only, on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date immediately following the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or the end of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, 
and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such date for the redemption 
of each Note shall be an amount in the currency specified in the Final Terms equal to the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount.
Definitions
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, the amount determined by reference to 
the Automatic Early Redemption Payout if specified in the relevant Final Terms and, 
failing which, the product of (i) the Specified Denomination of each Note and (ii) the 
applicable Automatic Early Redemption Rate relating to such Automatic Early 
Redemption Date.
"Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business 
Day, provided that no Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or additional payment by 
reason of such postponement.
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means:
(a)
if SPS AER is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 
is; or
(b)
if SPS AER is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms;
(a) in the case of a single Exchange Rate that the level of the Exchange Rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is, and (b) and in the case of several Exchange Rates,

--- Page 197 ---
197.
WS0101.36205449.4
that the amount determined by the Calculation Agent being equal to the sum of the 
values of each Exchange Rate (the value of an Exchange Rate being the product of 
(x) the level of such Exchange Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent at the 
Valuation Time on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, and (y) the 
applicable Weighting) is, in each case;
(i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "lower than" or (iv) "lower than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level (specified in the Final Terms) 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, or (y) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s) falling 
in an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means (i) in the case of a single Exchange Rate, 
the level of the Exchange Rate, and (ii) in the case of one or more Exchange Rates, the 
level of the Exchange Rates, in each case (x) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms 
(y) or calculated pursuant to Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental 
Payout Terms, if SPS AER is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, subject to 
the "Disruption Fallbacks" set forth in Condition 2 above.
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, (x) the rate specified as such, (y) or calculated pursuant to Conditions 
1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS AER is specified as 
being applicable, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, unless in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
a Disruption Event has occurred on such date, in which case, the corresponding provisions 
in the definition "Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such 
provisions to "Valuation Date" were instead to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date".
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
"SPS AER Value" means the value calculated in accordance with the Supplemental Payout 
Terms 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
6. CONSEQUENCES OF AN ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENT OR OPTIONAL 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENT
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional 
Additional Disruption Event have/has occurred, the Issuer may redeem the Notes by 
sending the Noteholders a notice in accordance with Condition 15 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. If the Notes are so redeemed, the Issuer shall pay to each 
Noteholder, in respect of each Note, an amount equal to the fair market value of such Note, 
taking into account such Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying hedging arrangements, and plus all interest accrued, if any, up 
to the effective date of redemption, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments 
shall be made in the manner notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of the following events: a Change in Law, a 
Hedging Disruption and an Increased Cost of Hedging.

--- Page 198 ---
198.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), (A) due to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any law and/or regulation relating to tax or to solvency 
and/or capital adequacy requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of, or any change in 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of, any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or 
financial supervisory authority), or the combined effect of any of such events if they occur 
more than once, the Issuer determines in its sole discretion that:
(a)
it is unable to perform its obligations under the Notes or that it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of any hedging position in respect of the Notes; or
(b)
the Issuer or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost 
(including, without limitation, due to any tax, solvency or capital adequacy 
requirement) in respect of the Notes or the holding, acquisition or disposal of any 
hedging position in respect of the Notes.
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur 
a materially increased (as compared with the circumstances existing on the Trade Date) 
amount of tax, duty, expense, cost or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk (including, but without 
limitation, the foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of issuing the Notes and 
performing its obligations under the Notes or to (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds 
of any such transactions or assets, provided that any such materially increased amount that 
is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging.
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means any event specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms.
7. DEFINITIONS
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if any such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, 
unless in the determination of the Calculation Agent such date is a Disrupted Day, in which 
case the provisions of FX Linked Note Term 2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall 
apply.
"Basket of Subject Currencies" means (i) a basket comprising the Subject Currencies 
specified in the relevant Final Terms assigned with the weightings specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or (ii) a Relative Performance Basket.
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Disruption Event has occurred.
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or 
Subject Currencies, splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates.
"Exchange Rate Averaging Date" means the dates specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day, unless in the determination of the Calculation Agent such date is a Disrupted 
Day, in which case the provisions of FX Linked Note Term 2 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply.
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base 
Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for

--- Page 199 ---
199.
WS0101.36205449.4
the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed 
necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge the obligations under the Notes (in one or 
more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date (or, if 
different, the day on which rates for such Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date would, 
in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price source).
"Maximum Number of Disrupted Days" means the number of days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, or, if not specified, five (5) Scheduled Trading Days.
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or 
reporting the rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
"Price Source Disruption" means that it has become impossible to obtain the rate(s) by 
reference to which the Settlement Price is calculated.
"Relative Performance Basket" means a basket comprising the Subject Currencies 
specified in the relevant Final Terms where no weighting shall be applicable and where the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined by reference to the Subject Currency which 
is either (i) the best performing, (ii) the worst performing, or (iii) by reference to any other 
measure of performance applied to the Subject Currencies, in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
"Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are (or would, but 
for the occurrence of a Disruption Event, have been) open for general business (including 
foreign exchange transactions in accordance with current market practice in the foreign 
exchange markets) in the principal financial centres for the Base Currency and the Subject 
Currency or Subject Currencies.
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, the Observation Date or the Valuation 
Date, as the case may be.
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case 
the provisions of FX Linked Note Term 2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall 
apply.
"Strike Day" means each date as specified in the relevant Final Terms and, if "Averaging 
Date" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the provisions contained in the 
definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis, as if references in such 
provisions to "Averaging Date" were instead to "Strike Day".
"Strike Period" means the period as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day and on which 
no Averaging Date falls or is deemed to fall.
"Valuation Date" means any Interest Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, 
as the case may be, specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of FX 
Linked Note Term 2 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply.
"Valuation Time" means, unless provided otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, the 
time at which the Price Source publishes the relevant rates by reference to which the 
Settlement Price is calculated.

--- Page 200 ---
200.
WS0101.36205449.4
TECHNICAL ANNEX 7
SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS APPLICABLE TO UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED NOTES
The terms applicable to Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes include the terms and conditions of 
the Notes set forth on pages 52 to 99 (the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") and the 
supplemental terms described below (the "Terms and Conditions of the Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Notes" or abbreviated to "Interest Rate Linked Note Terms"), in each case, subject as 
provided in the relevant Final Terms. In the event of conflict between the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes and the Interest Rate Linked Note Terms, the Interest Rate Linked Note Terms shall prevail.
All expressions beginning with a capital letter and not defined in these Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Notes Terms shall have the meanings given thereto in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
or the relevant Final Terms.
References herein to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered 
paragraphs below.
1. DETERMINATION OF THE UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
In respect of each Underlying Interest Rate Determination Date or Basket of Underlying 
Interest Rates specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Underlying Interest Rate or the 
Basket of Underlying Interest Rates shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
2. ISDA DETERMINATION
If the relevant Final Terms specify that ISDA Determination shall be the method for 
determining the Underlying Interest Rate, the Underlying Interest Rate shall be the 
applicable Underlying ISDA Rate plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Underlying Margin (if any) specified in the relevant Final Terms. For the purpose of 
these Interest Rate Linked Note Terms, the "Underlying ISDA Rate" means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate as would be determined by the Calculation Agent for an interest rate 
swap transaction, if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in 
the ISDA Definitions) for such interest rate swap transaction, under an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") and as amended and updated on the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of Notes or the 2021 ISDA Definitions published by the ISDAand as 
amended and updated on the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes (the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions or the 2006 Definitions, the "ISDA Definitions"), as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and under the terms of which:
(a)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
(b)
the Designated Maturity is a period as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and
(c)
the Reset Date is the date specified in the relevant Final Terms.
For the purposes of these Interest Rate Linked Note Terms, "Floating Rate", "Floating 
Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" shall have the meanings ascribed 
thereto in the ISDA Definitions.
3. SCREEN RATE DETERMINATION 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that Screen Rate Determination shall be the method for

--- Page 201 ---
201.
WS0101.36205449.4
determining the Underlying Interest Rate, the Underlying Interest Rate shall, subject as 
provided below, be:
(a)
the offered quotation; or
(b)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Underlying Reference Rate(s) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the relevant Screen Page at the Specified Time as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the 
case of EURIBOR or €STR) on the relevant Underlying Interest Rate Determination 
Date, plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Underlying Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more 
than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (a) above, no offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (b) above, lower than three offered quotations appear, 
in each case by the Specified Time specified above or in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Reference Rate, as being the rate that 
would have applied, in its reasonable opinion, had such unavailability or other event not 
occurred.
For the avoidance of doubt, where Screen Rate Determination is Specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and amounts 
under any Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes are to be calculated by reference to any 
Underlying Interest Rate in respect of which a Benchmark Event occurs, then the 
provisions of Condition 5.3(iii)(H) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall apply 
and prevail over the provisions of these Interest Rate Linked Note Terms. 
4. DETERMINATION OF THE UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE
The Calculation Agent shall, on each date or as soon as possible after each date on which 
the Underlying Interest Rate or the Basket of Underlying Interest Rates is to be determined 
(the "Underlying Interest Rate Determination Date"), determine the Underlying 
Reference Rate (subject to any Minimum Underlying Reference Rate or Maximum 
Underlying Reference Rate, if any, specified in the relevant Final Terms). The Calculation 
Agent shall notify the Underlying Reference Rate to the Calculation Agent as soon as 
possible thereafter.
5. MINIMUM AND/OR MAXIMUM UNDERLYING REFERENCE RATE 
If the relevant Final Terms specify a Minimum Underlying Reference Rate, then, if the 
Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with Conditions 2 or 3 above (as the 
case may be) of these Interest Rate Linked Note Terms, is lower than such Minimum 
Underlying Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Minimum 
Underlying Reference Rate.
If the relevant Final Terms specify a Maximum Underlying Reference Rate, then, if the 
Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with Conditions 2 or 3 above (as the 
case may be) of these Interest Rate Linked Note Terms, is greater than such Maximum 
Underlying Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Maximum 
Underlying Reference Rate.

--- Page 202 ---
202.
WS0101.36205449.4
6. KNOCK-IN EVENT AND KNOCK-OUT EVENT
6.1If "Knock-In Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms any payment 
under the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being subject to a Knock-In Event, 
shall be subject to the occurrence of such Knock-In Event.
6.2If "Knock-Out Event" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms any payment 
under the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being subject to a Knock-Out 
Event, shall be subject to the occurrence of such Knock-Out Event.
6.3Definitions relating to Knock-In Events/Knock-Out Events
"Knock-In Barrier" means (i) in the case of a single Underlying Interest Rate, the level 
of the Underlying Interest Rate and (ii) in the case of one or more Underlying Interest 
Rates, the level of the Underlying Interest Rates, in each case (x) specified as such in the 
Final Terms or (y) calculated pursuant to Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the 
Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS Knock-In is specified as applicable in the Final Terms.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Date" means the dates specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms, or each Business Day during the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period" means the period commencing on the Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date included and ending on the Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Period End Date included.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" means the date as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if "Underlying Interest Rate Trading Day Convention for 
the Knock-In Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, and if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Business Day.
"Knock-In Barrier Effective Period End Date" means the date as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if "Underlying Interest Rate Trading Day Convention for the 
Knock-In Barrier Effective Period End Date" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, and if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day.
"Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-In 
Barrier Effective Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms or if the relevant Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-In Barrier Valuation Time, the Knock-In Barrier Valuation 
Time shall be the Valuation Time.
"Knock-In Barrier Value" means the value calculated in accordance with the 
Supplemental Payout Terms 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"Knock-In Event" means:
(a)
if SPS Knock-In is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Knock-In Barrier Value is; or
(b)
if SPS Knock-In is specified as being not-applicable in the relevant Final Terms,
(i)
in respect of a single Underlying Interest Rate, that the level of the Underlying 
Interest Rate determined by the Calculation Agent at the Knock-In Barrier 
Valuation Time on any Knock-In Barrier Effective Date is;
(ii)
in respect of one or more Underlying Interest Rates, that the amount

--- Page 203 ---
203.
WS0101.36205449.4
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each 
Underlying Interest Rate (the value of each Underlying Interest Rate being 
the product of (x) the level of such Underlying Interest Rate at the Knock-In 
Barrier Valuation Time on any Knock-In Barrier Effective Date and (y) the 
applicable Weighting) is
in each case (A) (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "lower than" or 
(d) "lower than or equal to" the Knock-In Barrier or (B) "within" the Knock-In 
Tunnel,
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Knock-In Barrier Effective 
Date, or (y) in respect of any Knock-In Barrier Effective Period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Knock-In Tunnel" means the tunnel specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Knock-Out Barrier" means (i) in the case of a single Underlying Interest Rate, the level 
of the Underlying Interest Rate and (ii) in the case of one or more Underlying Interest 
Rates, the level of the Underlying Interest Rates, in each case (x) specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or (y) calculated pursuant to Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of 
the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS Knock-Out is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms.
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date" means the dates specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms, or each Business Day during the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period.
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period" means the period commencing on the Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date included and ending on the Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Period End Date included.
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" means the date as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if "Underlying Interest Rate Trading Day 
Convention for the Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period Commencement Date" is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, and if such date is not a Business Day, the 
immediately succeeding Business Day.
"Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period End Date" means the date as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if "Underlying Interest Rate Trading Day Convention for the 
Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period End Date" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, and if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business 
Day.
"Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-
Out Barrier Effective Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms or if the relevant Final 
Terms do not specify a Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time, the Knock-Out Barrier 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time.
"Knock-Out Barrier Value" means the value calculated in accordance with the 
Supplemental Payout Terms 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.
"Knock-Out Event" means:
(a)
if SPS Knock-Out is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Knock-
Out Barrier Value is; or
(b)
if SPS Knock-Out is specified as being not-applicable in the Final Terms,

--- Page 204 ---
204.
WS0101.36205449.4
(i)
in respect of a single Underlying Interest Rate, that the level of the Underlying Interest 
Rate determined by the Calculation Agent at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time 
on any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date is; and
(ii)
in respect of one or more Underlying Interest Rates, that the amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent being equal to the sum of the values of each Underlying Interest 
Rate (the value of each Underlying Interest Rate being the product of (x) the level of 
such Underlying Interest Rate at the Knock-Out Barrier Valuation Time on any 
Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date and (y) the applicable Weighting) is
in each case (A) (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "lower than" or (d) 
"lower than or equal to" the Knock-Out Barrier or (B) "within" the Knock-Out Tunnel,
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Knock-Out Barrier 
Effective Date, or (y) in respect of any Knock-Out Barrier Effective Period, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms.
"Knock-Out Tunnel" means the tunnel specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Weighting" means the weighting specified in the relevant Final Terms.
7. AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION EVENT
If the Final Terms specify that "Automatic Early Redemption Event" is applicable, then 
unless the Notes have previously been redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if (i) on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) on each of the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates in the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then 
the Notes shall automatically be redeemed in full, and not part only, on the Automatic 
Early Redemption Date immediately following the Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or the end of the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, 
and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer on such date for the redemption 
of each Note shall be an amount in the currency specified in the Final Terms equal to the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount.
Definitions
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each amount determined 
by reference to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and, failing which, the product of (i) the Specified Denomination of each Note and 
(ii) the applicable Automatic Early Redemption Rate relating to such Automatic Early 
Redemption Date.
"Automatic Early Redemption Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business 
Day, provided that no Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or additional payment by 
reason of such postponement.
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means:
(a)
if "Target AER" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
Cumulative Coupon is equal to or greater than the Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage;
(b)
if "FI Underlying AER" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that 
the Underlying Reference Level is (i) equal to or greater than the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage Down and (ii) lower than or equal to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage Up;

--- Page 205 ---
205.
WS0101.36205449.4
(c)
if "FI Coupon AER" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
result obtained by multiplying (i) the Rate of Interest by (ii) the Day Count Fraction, 
in each case in respect of the Current Interest Period, is equal to or greater than the 
Automatic Early Redemption Percentage;
(d)
If SPS AER is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the SPS 
AER Value is (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "lower than" or 
(iv) "lower than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level (specified in 
the Final Terms) as indicated in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, or (y) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date(s) falling in an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; or
(e)
If SPS AER is specified as being not applicable in the Final Terms;
(a) in the case of a single Underlying Interest Rate that the level of the Underlying 
Interest Rate determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is, and (b) in the case of several 
Underlying Interest Rates, that the amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
being equal to the sum of the values of each Underlying Interest Rate (the value of 
an Underlying Interest Rate being the product of (x) the level of such Underlying 
Interest Rate as determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, and (y) the applicable Weighting) is, 
in each case;
(i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "lower than" or (iv) "lower than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level (specified in the Final Terms) 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms (x) on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, or (y) on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s) falling 
in an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means (i) in the case of a single Underlying 
Interest Rate, the level of the Underlying Interest Rate, and (ii) in the case of one or more 
Underlying Interest Rates, the level of the Underlying Interest Rates, in each case (x) 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms (y) or calculated pursuant to Conditions 1.6, 
1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, if SPS AER is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms.
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms.
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage Down" means the percentage specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage Up" means the percentage specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms.
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, (x) the rate specified as such, (y) or calculated pursuant to Conditions 
1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms if SPS AER is specified as 
being applicable, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms, or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Business Day.

--- Page 206 ---
206.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" means the period as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.
"Cumulative Coupon" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, (a) the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period preceding the Current 
Interest Period, namely the result obtained by multiplying (i) the Rate of Interest by (ii) the 
Day Count Fraction, in each case for such Interest Period, plus (b) the result obtained by 
multiplying (i) the Rate of Interest by (ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case for the 
Current Interest Period.
"Current Interest Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, the Interest Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date occurs.
"SPS AER Value" means the value calculated in accordance with the Supplemental Payout 
Terms 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
8. ACCRUAL OF INTEREST UP TO AN AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION EVENT
Notwithstanding Condition 5 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if Accrual of 
Interest Up to an Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, and if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs on any 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, interest shall cease to accrue on such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date.
9. DEFINITIONS
"Basket of Underlying Interest Rates" means (i) a basket comprising the Underlying 
Interest Rates specified in the relevant Final Terms assigned with the weightings specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) a Relative Performance Basket.
"Relative Performance Basket" means a basket comprising the Underlying Interest Rates 
specified in the relevant Final Terms where no weighting shall be applicable and where the 
Final Redemption Amount shall be determined by reference to the Underlying Interest Rate 
which is either (i) the best performing, (ii) the worst performing, or (iii) by reference to 
any other measure of performance applied to the Underlying Interest Rates, in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
"Strike Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
"Strike Day" means each date specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Strike Period" means the period specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 207 ---
207.
WS0101.36205449.4
TECHNICAL ANNEX 8
SUPPLEMENTAL PAYOUT TERMS 
The terms applicable to Underlying Linked Notes include the terms and conditions of the Notes set 
forth on pages 51 to 98 (the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") and the supplemental terms 
described below which include the formulas used for the purpose of calculating interest, the early 
redemption amount or the final redemption amount (the "Supplemental Payout Terms"), in each 
case subject as provided in the relevant Final Terms. In the event of conflict between the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes and the Supplemental Payout Terms, the Supplemental Payout Terms shall 
prevail.
All expressions beginning with a capital letter and not defined in these Supplemental Payout Terms 
shall have the meanings given thereto in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the relevant Final 
Terms.
References herein to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered 
paragraphs below.
The Final Terms may contain a combination of the formulas set forth in these Supplemental Payout 
Terms. Also, certain components of these formulas may be equal to 0 or 1.
The amount(s) payable or deliverable, if any, under the Notes, comprise the following amounts:
(i)
upon final redemption of the Notes, the Final Redemption Amount (see Condition 6 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Final Payouts set forth in Conditions 1.2 and 
2.3 of these Supplemental Payout Terms);
(ii)
if Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
and an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount (see the section relating to Automatic Early Redemption Events in the applicable 
Technical Annex and the Automatic Early Redemption Payouts set forth in Conditions 1.3 
and 2.4 of these Supplemental Payout Terms);
(iii)
if an Issuer Redemption Option or Noteholder Redemption Option is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Optional Redemption Amount (see Condition 6 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes);
(iv)
in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the Physical Delivery Entitlement Amount (see 
Conditions 5.6 and 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Physical Delivery 
Entitlement Amounts applicable to the Notes set forth in Condition 1.4 of these 
Supplemental Payout Terms); and/or 
(v)
in the case of interest bearing Notes, the amount of interest (see Condition 5 of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and the Rate of Interest formulas set forth in Conditions 1.1 
and 2.1 of these Supplemental Payout Terms).
The terms and conditions of each Series include (i) the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, (ii) the 
Technical Annex relating to the applicable Underlying and (iii) if so specified in the Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest, the Payout and/or the Physical Delivery Entitlement Amount under these 
Supplemental Payout Terms specified as applicable in the Final Terms.

--- Page 208 ---
208.
WS0101.36205449.4
1. SPS RATE OF INTEREST, PAYOUTS AND PHYSICAL DELIVERY ENTITLEMENT 
AMOUNTS 
1.1Rate of Interest
The following Rate of Interest shall apply to the Notes, if the relevant Final Terms so 
specify:
(a)
SPS Fixed Coupon
(i) If the relevant Final Terms specify that SPS Fixed Coupon is applicable:
Rate(i)
Description of Rate of Interest
A SPS Fixed Coupon provides that the Notes bear interest at a specified rate for the 
relevant period.
(b)
Digital Coupon
If the relevant Final Terms specify that Digital Coupon is applicable:
(i)
if the Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the SPS 
Coupon Valuation Date(i) or the SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i), as the case 
may be:
Rate1(i); or
(ii) if the Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the 
SPS Coupon Valuation Date(i) or the SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i), as the 
case may be:
Rate2(i).
Description of Rate of Interest
A Digital Coupon provides that the Notes bear interest at a specified rate for the 
relevant period if a specified condition is met. If the condition is not met then the 
Notes will bear interest at a different rate for that period (which may be zero).
(c)
Snowball Digital Coupon
If the relevant Final Terms specify that Snowball Digital Coupon is applicable:
(i)
if the Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of 
the SPS Coupon Valuation Date(i):
Rate(i) + Sum Rate(i)
Where "Sum Rate" is the sum of Rate(i) for each SPS Coupon Valuation Date 
in the period from the last occurring Snowball Date (not included) (or, if none, 
from the Issue Date) and up to the SPS Coupon Valuation Date(i) (not 
included), or
(ii) if the Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in 
respect of the SPS Coupon Valuation Date(i):

--- Page 209 ---
209.
WS0101.36205449.4
zero.
Description of Rate of Interest
A Snowball Digital Coupon provides that the Notes bear interest on the basis of a 
Snowball Digital Coupon Condition, but with a memory effect. Any interest or 
premium not paid in respect of a period may be paid at a later date if certain 
conditions are met.
(d)
Accrual Digital Coupon
If the relevant Final Terms specify that Accrual Digital Coupon is applicable:
Rate(i) x(n / N)
Where:
"n" is the number of DC Days in the relevant Calculation Period in respect of the 
relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date during which the Accrual Digital Coupon 
Condition is satisfied; and
"N" is the number of DC Days in the relevant Calculation Period in respect of the 
relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date.
Description of Rate of Interest
An Accrual Digital Coupon provides that the Notes bear interest on the basis of a 
rate calculated by reference to the number of DC Days on which a specified 
condition is satisfied in the relevant period.
(e)
Stellar Coupon
If the relevant Final Terms specify that Stellar Coupon is applicable:
Max Min Coupon(i),
1
k  
K
k =1
Max Floor Percentage(i), Min Cap Percentage(i), Coupon Value(i, k)
-  Strike Price Percentage(i)
Description of Rate of Interest
A Stellar Coupon provides that the Notes bear interest, in respect of the relevant 
period on the basis of a rate calculated by reference to a basket of Reference 
Underlyings with the value of each Reference Underlying being subject to a cap and 
a floor. The rate is also subject to a floor. 
(f)
Cappuccino Coupon
If the relevant Final Terms specify that Cappuccino Coupon is applicable:

--- Page 210 ---
210.
WS0101.36205449.4
Max Min Coupon(i),
1
k  
K
k =1
Max Floor Percentage(i), Cappuccino Barrier Value(i, k)
-  Strike Price Percentage(i)
Where "Cappuccino Barrier Value" is:
(i)
if the Cappuccino Coupon Condition is satisfied for the relevant 
Reference Underlying in respect of the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date:
Cap Percentage(i); or
(ii) if the Cappuccino Coupon Condition is not satisfied for the 
relevant Reference Underlying in respect of the relevant SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date:
Coupon Value (i,k)
Description of Rate of Interest
A Cappuccino Coupon provides that the Notes bear interest on the basis of a rate 
calculated by reference to the average value of a basket of Reference Underlyings 
where each value is floored and may be set at a fixed percentage (the Cap 
Percentage) if certain conditions are met.
(g)
Ratchet Coupon
If the relevant Final Terms specify that Ratchet Coupon is applicable:
(i) if Local Cap Percentage is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Max
q in Q(i)
Max Coupon Value(q) - Strike Percentage(i), Local Floor Percentage(i) , Global Floor Percentage(i) 
(ii)if Local Cap Percentage is specified as applicable in the relevant Fina Terms:
Max
q in Q(i)
Max[Min Coupon Value(q) - Strike Percentage(i), Local Cap Percentage(i)] , Local Floor Percentage(i)
Global Floor Percentage(i)  
Description of Rate of Interest
A Ratchet Coupon provides that the Notes bear interest in respect of the relevant 
period on the basis of a rate calculated by reference to the sum of two or more rates, 
in each case subject to a floor and if applicable a cap.
(h)
Driver Coupon
If the relevant Final Terms specify that Driver Coupon is applicable:

--- Page 211 ---
211.
WS0101.36205449.4
Max Min Coupon(i),
1
k  
K
k =1
Max Floor Percentage(i), Modified Value(i, k)
-  Strike Price Percentage(i)
Where:
"Modified Value(i,k)" is:
(i)
the Driver Percentage, if the Coupon Value(i,k) is one of the highest 
NF Coupon Values, calculated for each Reference Underlying in the basket, 
on the SPS Valuation Date(i); or
(ii)the Coupon Value(i,k), if condition (i) above is not satisfied.
"NF" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
Description of Rate of Interest
A Driver Coupon provides that the Notes bear interest in respect of the relevant 
period on the basis of a rate calculated by reference to the average performance of 
a basket of Reference Underlyings with the Reference Underlying with the highest 
NF Coupon Values, on the relevant valuation date, being replaced by a fixed 
percentage (the Driver Percentage). 
(i)
Sum Coupon
If the relevant Final Terms specify that Sum Coupon is applicable:
A
a=1
(CWa(i)
B
b=1
Additional Coupon(i) , a b
Where: "CW" is the Weighting of the relevant Coupon; and
"A" is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"B" is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
Description of Rate of Interest
A Sum Coupon provides that the Notes bear interest in respect of the relevant period 
on the basis of a rate calculated as the weighted sum of two or more interest rates 
provided in the Terms and Conditions and specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(j)
Max Coupon
If the relevant Final Terms specify that Max Coupon is applicable:
A
Max
a = 1
 Additional Coupon(i)  a
Where "A" is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
Description of Rate of Interest

--- Page 212 ---
212.
WS0101.36205449.4
A Max Coupon provides that the Notes bear interest in respect of the relevant period 
on the basis of a rate calculated as the maximum of two or more interest rates 
provided in the Terms and Conditions and specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(k)
Min Coupon
If the relevant Final Terms specify that Min Coupon is applicable.
A
Min
a = 1
 Additional Coupon(i)  a
Where "A" is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
Description of Rate of Interest
A Min Coupon provides that the Notes bear interest in respect of the relevant period 
on the basis of a rate calculated as the minimum of two or more interest rates 
provided in the Terms and Conditions and specified in the relevant Final Terms.
1.2Final Payouts
The following final payouts which when multiplied by the applicable Specified 
Denomination (each a "Final Payout") will apply to the Notes if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.
(a)
SPS Fixed Percentage Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are SPS Fixed Percentage Notes:
Constant Percentage
Description of the Payout
The Final Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to the Constant Percentage.
(b)
SPS Reverse Convertible Notes
(i) SPS Reverse Convertible Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are SPS Reverse Convertible 
Notes:
(A)
if no Knock-In Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (1); or
(B)
(B) if a Knock-In Event has occurred:
Max (Constant Percentage (2) + Gearing x Option; 0%)
Provided That (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Supplemental 
Payout Term 2(b)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, or (bb) if the provisions of sub-
paragraph (B) of this Supplemental Payout Term 2(b)(i) apply and Physical 
Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, no 
Redemption Amount shall be payable and Physical Delivery shall apply.

--- Page 213 ---
213.
WS0101.36205449.4
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:

If no Knock-In Event has occurred, a fixed percentage equal to the 
Constant Percentage; or

If a Knock-In Event has occurred, and if the Option is a Put or Put 
Spread, indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s), up to 
the Strike Percentage; or

If a Knock-In Event has occurred, and if the Option is a Forward, 
indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s); or

If a Knock-In Event has occurred, and the Option is EDS, a percentage 
that depends on how many Reference Underlying(s) in the basket have 
a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage. When Gearing is 
positive, the higher the number of Reference Underlyings with a value 
above this barrier, the higher the Percentage.

Physical Delivery may also apply.
(ii)SPS Reverse Convertible Standard Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are SPS Reverse Convertible 
Standard Notes:
(A)
if no Knock-In Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (1); or
(B)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred:
Min (Constant Percentage (2), Final Redemption Value).
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:

If no Knock-In Event has occurred, a fixed percentage equal to 
Constant Percentage (1); or

If a Knock-In Event has occurred, the lesser of a fixed percentage equal 
to Constant Percentage (2) or indexation to the value of the Reference 
Underlying(s).
(c)
SPS Vanilla Products
(i) Vanilla Call Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Vanilla Call Notes:
Constant Percentage + Gearing * Call
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:

--- Page 214 ---
214.
WS0101.36205449.4

if Gearing is positive, a fixed percentage equal to the Constant 
Percentage, or, if Gearing is negative, no fixed percentage; and

indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) above the Strike 
Percentage.
(ii)Vanilla Call Spread Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Vanilla Call Spread 
Notes:
Constant Percentage + Gearing * Call Spread
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:

if Gearing is positive, a fixed percentage equal to the Constant 
Percentage, or, if Gearing is negative, no fixed percentage; and

indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) above the Strike 
Percentage, up to a maximum level. The maximum level is equal to the 
Cap Percentage.
(iii)
Vanilla Put Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Vanilla Put Notes:
Constant Percentage + Gearing * Put
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:

if Gearing is positive, a fixed percentage equal to the Constant 
Percentage, or, if Gearing is negative, no fixed percentage; and

indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) below the Strike 
Percentage.
(iv)
Vanilla Put Spread Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Vanilla Put Spread 
Notes:
Constant Percentage + Gearing * Put Spread
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:

if Gearing is positive, a fixed percentage equal to the Constant 
Percentage, or, if Gearing is negative, no fixed percentage; and

indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) below the Strike 
Percentage, up to a maximum level. The maximum level is equal to the 
Cap Percentage.

--- Page 215 ---
215.
WS0101.36205449.4

The Final Payout provides no guarantee of a fixed percentage if the 
Final Redemption Value is below the Strike Price.
(v)Vanilla Digital Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Vanilla Digital Notes:
(A)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (1) + Gearing x Option; or
(B)
if no Knock-In Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (2).
Where:
"Option" means a Call, Call Spread, Put, Put Spread, EDS or Forward 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:

a percentage fixe; and

if a Knock-In Event has occurred, indexation to the Reference 
Underlying depending on the Option specified.
(vi)
Knock-Out Vanilla Call Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Knock-Out Vanilla Call 
Notes:
(A)
if no Knock-Out Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (1) + Gearing* Call;
or
(B)
if a Knock-Out Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (-2).
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:

a fixed percentage; and

if no Knock-Out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of 
the Reference Underlying(s) depending on the Option specified.
(d)
Asianing Products
(i) Asian Notes

--- Page 216 ---
216.
WS0101.36205449.4
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Asian Notes:
if Asian Local Cap is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Constant Percentage +  Gearing *  Max 
1
Total M  ×
M
(i)
Min Max Final Redemption Value(i) -  
Strike Percentage(i) 
Local Floor Percentage(i) , Local Cap Percentage(i)
, Floor Percentage)
if Asian Local Cap is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Constant Percentage +  Gearing *  Max 
1
Total M  ×
M
(i)
Max Final Redemption Value(i)  
- Strike Percentage(i), Local Floor Percentage(i) 
, Floor Percentage)
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:

a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1; and

indexation to the average value of the Reference Underlyings when the 
average value is above the Strike Percentage.
(ii)Capped Asian Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Capped Asian Notes:
if Asian Local Cap is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Constant Percentage +  Gearing *  Min(Max
1
Total M ×  
M
(i)
Min Max Final Redemption Value(i) -  Strike Percentage(i), 
Local Floor Percentage(i)
Local Cap Percentage(i) 
, Floor Percentage); Cap Percentage)
if Asian Local Cap is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Constant Percentage +  Gearing *  Min(Max
1
Total M ×  
M
(i)
Max Final Redemption Value(i) -  Strike Percentage(i), 
Local Floor Percentage(i)
,
Floor Percentage); Cap Percentage(i))
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:

a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1; and

--- Page 217 ---
217.
WS0101.36205449.4

indexation to the average value of the Reference Underlyings, up to a 
maximum level if the average value is above the Strike Percentage. The 
maximum level is equal to the Cap Percentage.
(iii)
Himalaya Notes
If the Final Terms specify that the Notes are Himalaya Notes:
if Local Cap Percentage is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms:
Constant Percentage +  Gearing *  Max 
1
Total M  ×  
M
(i)
max BestLock Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i), 
Local Floor Percentage(i) , 0
if Local Cap Percentage is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Constant Percentage +  Gearing *  Max
1
Total M  ×  
M
(i)
max Min BestLock Value(i) -  Strike Percentage(i),  Local Cap Percentage(i) , Local Floor Percentage(i) ,
Where:
"BestLock Value(i)" means the highest Reference Underlying Value on SPS 
Valuation Date(i) of the Reference Underlyings in Relevant Basket(i); and
"Relevant Basket(i)" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date(i) a Basket 
comprising each Reference Underlying in Relevant Basket(i-1), but excluding 
the Reference Underlying in relation to BestLock Value(i-1), within a limit of 
one single occurrence of such Reference Underlying per SPS Valuation Date;
Relevant Basket(i=1) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms and may 
comprise several occurrences of the same Reference Underlying.
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:

a fixed percentage equal to the Constant Percentage;

average indexation to the Reference Underlyings above the Strike 
Percentage, in accordance with the eligibility criteria on each 
Valuation Date where the Value of the best performing Reference 
Underlying in the Basket is calculated, then removed from the Basket 
(one single occurrence per Valuation Date, where the Basket comprises 
several occurrences of such Reference Underlying) for the following 
Valuation Dates, the Final Payout providing indexation to the average 
of those calculated Values (the BestLock Values) above the Strike 
Percentage (with application, if specified, of a local cap).
(e)
Automatic Early Redemption Products
(i) Autocall Notes

--- Page 218 ---
218.
WS0101.36205449.4
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Autocall Notes:
(A)
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied:
Constant Percentage (1) + AER Exit Rate; or
(B)
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-In 
Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (2) + Coupon Airbag Percentage; or
(C)
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-In Event 
has occurred:
Max (Constant Percentage (3) + Gearing x Option; 0%)
Provided That (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this 
Supplemental Payout Term 2.2(e)(i) apply and Physical Delivery 
Option 1 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms or (bb) 
if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Supplemental Payout 
Term 2.2(e)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms or (cc) if the provisions of sub-
paragraph (C) of this Supplemental Payout Term 2.2(e)(i) apply and 
Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, no Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical 
Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:

if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage 
plus a final exit rate (equal to AER Exit Rate);

if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-
In Event has occurred, a fixed percentage (which may be 
different than the fixed rate above);

if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-In 
Event has occurred and the Option is Put or Put Spread, no fixed 
percentage and indexation to the value of the Reference 
Underlying(s) below the Strike Percentage; or

if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-In 
Event has occurred and the Option is Forward, no fixed 
percentage and indexation to the value of the Reference 
Underlying(s); or

if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-In 
Event has occurred and the Option is EDS, a percentage which 
depends on the number of Reference Underlyings in the basket 
with a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage. When 
Gearing is positive, the higher the number of Reference 
Underlyings with a value above this barrier, the higher the 
percentage.

Physical Delivery may also apply.

--- Page 219 ---
219.
WS0101.36205449.4
(ii)Autocall One Touch Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Autocall One Touch 
Notes:
(A)
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied:
Constant Percentage (1) + AER Exit Rate;
(B)
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and if a Knock-Out 
Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (2) + Coupon Airbag Percentage 1; or
(C)
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and if no Knock-Out 
Event has occurred and no Knock-In Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (3) + Coupon Airbag Percentage 2; or
(D)
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-Out 
Event has occurred but a Knock-In Event has occurred:
Max (Constant Percentage (4) + Gearing x Option; 0%)
where:
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:

if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage 
plus a final exit rate (equal to AER Exit Rate);

if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-
Out Event has occurred, a fixed percentage (which may be 
different than the fixed percentage above);

if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, no Knock-Out 
Event has occurred and no Knock-In Event has occurred, a fixed 
percentage (which may be different than the fixed percentages 
above); or

if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, and no Knock-
Out Event has occurred but a Knock-In Event has occurred, and 
if the Option is Put or Put Spread, no fixed percentage and 
indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) below the 
Strike Percentage; or, if the Option is Forward, no fixed 
percentage and indexation to the value of the Reference 
Underlying(s).
(iii)
Autocall Standard Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Autocall Standard Notes:
(A)
If the Final Redemption Barrier Value is equal to or greater than Final 
Redemption Condition Level:

--- Page 220 ---
220.
WS0101.36205449.4
100% + AER Exit Rate; or
(B)
If the Final Redemption Barrier Value is lower than the Final 
Redemption Condition Level and no Knock-In Event has occurred:
100% + Coupon Airbag Percentage; or
(C)
If the Final Redemption Barrier Value is lower than the Final 
Redemption Condition Level and a Knock-In Event has occurred:
Min (100%, Final Redemption Value).
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:

if the Final Redemption Barrier Value on the SPS FR Barrier 
Valuation Date is equal to or greater than the Final Redemption 
Condition Level, 100 per cent plus a final exit rate (equal to AER 
Exit Rate);

if the Final Redemption Barrier Value on the SPS FR Barrier 
Valuation Date is lower than the Final Redemption Condition 
Level, and no Knock-In Event has occurred, 100 per cent plus a 
fixed percentage; or

if the Final Redemption Barrier Value on the SPS FR Barrier 
Valuation Date is lower than the Final Redemption Condition 
Level, and a Knock-In Event has occurred, a minimum of 100 
per cent and indexation to the value of the Reference 
Underlying(s).
(f)
Indexation Products
(i) Booster Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Booster Notes:
(A)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Constant Percentage + Final Redemption Value + Gearing * Call
(B)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Constant Percentage + Final Redemption Value + Gearing * Call 
Spread
Description of the Final Payout
If Cap is specified as not applicable, the Final Payout comprises:

indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s); and

additional indexation to the value of the Reference Underlyings 
above the Strike Percentage.
If Cap is specified as applicable, the Final Payout comprises:

--- Page 221 ---
221.
WS0101.36205449.4

indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s);

additional indexation to the value of the Reference Underlyings 
above the Strike Percentage; and

subject to a cap of the Cap Percentage.
(ii)Bonus Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Bonus Notes:
(A)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(x) if a Knock-Out Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (1) +  (Down Final Redemption Value); or
(y) if no Knock-Out Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (2) +  [Max (Bonus Percentage, Up Final Redemption Value)]
(B)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(x) if a Knock-Out Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (1) +  [Down Final Redemption Value -  Max (Down Final Redemption Value ―  Cap Percentage, 0)
]; or
(y) if no Knock-Out Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (2) +  
[Max (Bonus Percentage, Up Final Redemption Value) ―  Max (Up Final Redemption Value ―  Cap Percentage, 0)] 
Description of the Final Payout
If Cap is specified as not applicable, the Final Payout comprises:

if no Knock-Out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and 
indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) above the Bonus 
Percentage; or

if a Knock-Out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Reference Underlying(s) (such value may be different than the value 
above);
If Cap is specified as applicable, the Final Payout provides limited maximum 
upside and comprises:

if no Knock-Out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and 
indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) above the Bonus 
Percentage, up to a maximum level. The maximum level is equal to the 
Cap Percentage; or

if a Knock-Out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Reference Underlying(s) (such value may be different than the value 
above), up to a maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage.
(iii)
Leveraged Notes

--- Page 222 ---
222.
WS0101.36205449.4
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Leveraged Notes:
(A)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(x) if a Knock-Out Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (1) +  [Final Redemption Value +  Gearing ×  Max (Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage, 0)
]; or
(y) if no Knock-Out Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (2) +  (Max (100%, 100% +  (1 +  Gearing) ×  (Final Redemption Value 
―  Strike Percentage)))
(B)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(x) if a Knock-Out Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (1) +  Min [Cap Percentage, [Final Redemption Value +  Gearing ×  Max (Final Redemption Value –
Strike Percentage,0)]]; or
(y) if no Knock-Out Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (2) +  Min[Cap Percentage,[Max (100%, 100% +  (1 +  Gearing) ×  (Final Redemption Value 
―  Strike Percentage))]]
Description of the Final Payout
If Cap is specified as not applicable, the Final Payout comprises:

if no Knock-Out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and 
leveraged indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) above 
the Strike Percentage; or

if a Knock-Out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Reference Underlying(s), plus additional indexation to the value of the 
Reference Underlying(s) above the Strike Percentage.
If Cap is specified as applicable, the Final Payout provides limited maximum 
upside and comprises:

if no Knock-Out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and 
leveraged indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) above 
the Strike Percentage, up to a maximum level equal to the Cap 
Percentage; or

if a Knock-Out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Reference Underlying(s) plus additional indexation to the value of the 
Reference Underlying(s) above the Strike Percentage. The aggregate 
indexation is limited to a maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage.
(iv)
Twin Win Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Twin Win Notes:
(A)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(x) if a Knock-Out Event has occurred:

--- Page 223 ---
223.
WS0101.36205449.4
Constant Percentage (1) +  Max
[0, Gearing *  Final Redemption Value]; or
(y) if no Knock-Out Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (2) + Max [Max (Gearing (1) * (Strike Percentage 
– Final Redemption Value), Gearing (2) *(Final Redemption Value – 
Strike Percentage)), Floor Percentage]
(B)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(x) if a Knock-Out Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (1) +  
[Min (Cap Percentage, Gearing *  Final Redemption Value)]; or
(y) or, if no Knock-Out Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (2) + Max [Max (Gearing (1) * (Strike Percentage 
– Final Redemption Value), Min (Cap Percentage - Strike Percentage, 
Gearing (2) * (Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage))) Floor 
Percentage]
Description of the Final Payout
If Cap is specified as not applicable, the Final Payout comprises:

if no Knock-Out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage, 
indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) above the Strike 
Percentage, and indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) 
below the Strike Percentage in absolute terms; or

if a Knock-Out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Reference Underlying(s).
If Cap is specified as applicable, the Final Payout comprises:

if no Knock-Out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage, 
indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) above the Strike 
Percentage and up to a maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage, 
and indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) below the 
Strike Percentage in absolute terms; or

if a Knock-Out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Reference Underlying(s), up to a maximum level equal to the Cap 
Percentage.
(v)Sprinter Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Sprinter Notes:
(A)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(x) if a Knock-In Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (1)

--- Page 224 ---
224.
WS0101.36205449.4
 +  Final Redemption Value +  Gearing ×  Max 
[Final Redemption Value –Strike Percentatge,0]; or
(y) if no Knock-In Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (2) + Final Redemption Value
(B)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(x) if a Knock-In Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (1) +Min 
[Cap Percentage,  Final Redemption Value + Gearing × Max (Final Redempti
; or
(y) if no Knock-In Event has occurred:
Constant Percentage (2) + Min(Cap Percentage, Final Redemption Value)
Description of the Final Payout
If Cap is specified as not applicable, the Final Payout comprises:

indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s); and

if a Knock-In Event has occurred, plus additional indexation to the 
value of the Reference Underlying(s) above the Strike Percentage.
If Cap is specified as applicable, the Final Payout provides limited maximum 
upside and comprises:

indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) up to a 
maximum level;

if a Knock-In Event has occurred, plus additional indexation to the 
value of the Reference Underlying(s) above the Strike Percentage, up 
to a maximum level; and

a maximum payout equal to Constant Percentage 1 plus the Cap 
Percentage.
(vi)
Generic Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Generic Notes:
G
g=1
Constant Percentage(g) + Gearing(g) × option(g)
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout provides no guarantee of a fixed percentage and comprises: 
Indexation or a combination of indexations each of which may comprise:

indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) above the Strike 
Percentage if the Option is Call (subject to a maximum level if the 
Option is Call Spread); or

--- Page 225 ---
225.
WS0101.36205449.4

indexation to the value (this value may be different than the value 
above) of the Reference Underlyings below the Strike Percentage if the 
Option is Put (subject to a maximum level if the Option is Put Spread).
(vii)
Digital-A Generic Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Digital-A Generic Notes:
G
g=1
Digit(g) × [Constant Percentage(g) + Gearing (g) × option(g)]
Where:
If no Knock-In Event has occurred:
Digit(g) equals 0, otherwise Digit (g) equals 1:
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:
Indexation or a combination of indexations, determined depending on 
whether or not a Knock-In Event has occurred, each of which may comprise:

indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) above the Strike 
Percentage if the Option is Call (subject to a maximum level if the 
Option is Call Spread);or

indexation to the value (this value may be different than the value 
above) of the Reference Underlyings below the Strike Percentage if the 
Option is Put (subject to a maximum level if the Option is Put Spread).
(viii)
Digital-B Generic Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Digital-B Generic Notes:
G
g=1
Digit(g) × [Constant Percentage(g) + Gearing (g) × option(g)]
Where:
If Generic Final Redemption Condition(g) is satisfied, then Digit(g) equals 1; 
otherwise Digit(g) equals 0:
"Generic Final Redemption Condition" means a series of conditions 
(between 1 and U included) each designating a Final Redemption Condition, 
provided that one single Final Redemption Condition in the series may be 
satisfied in respect of one given SPS Valuation Date or SPS Valuation Period.
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises:
Indexation based on the Option the characteristics of which are determined 
by reference to the Final Redemption Condition in the series of Final

--- Page 226 ---
226.
WS0101.36205449.4
Redemption Conditions that is satisfied on the relevant SPS Valuation Date 
or in respect of the relevant SPS Valuation Period, such indexation being 
either:

indexation to the value of the Reference Underlying(s) above the Strike 
Percentage if the Option is Call (subject to a maximum level if the 
Option is Call Spread); or

indexation to the value (this value may be different than the value 
above) of the Reference Underlyings below the Strike Percentage if the 
Option is Put (subject to a maximum level if the Option is Put Spread).
(g)
Ratchet Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Ratchet Notes:
(i) if Local Cap is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Constant Percentage 1 +  Max 
q in Q (i)
Max Final Redemption Value(q)
―  Strike Percentage, Local Floor Percentage , Global Floor Percentage
(ii)if Local Cap is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Constant Percentage 1 +  Max 
q in Q (i)
Max(Min(Final Redemption Value 
―  Strike Percentage, Local Cap Percentage), Local Floor Percentage)
, Global Floor Percentage
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout provides an amount equal to the sum of the Final Redemption 
Values above the Strike Percentage, subject to a floor equal to the Global Floor 
Percentage. The Final Redemption Values are calculated on each SPS Valuation 
Date during the SPS Valuation Period, and each may be subject to a Cap and/or a 
Floor.
(h)
Sum Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Sum Notes:
Constant Percentage 1 +  
A
a=1
Pwa 
B
b=1
([Additional Final Payment]a,b )
Where "PW" is the Weighting of the Additional Final Payout;
"A" is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; and
"B" is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 227 ---
227.
WS0101.36205449.4
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises a weighted sum of two or more Payouts as provided in 
the Conditions and specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(i)
Max Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are Max Notes:
Constant Percentage 1 +  
A
Max
a = 1
 ([Additional Final Payment]a)
where:
"A" is the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
Description of the Final Payout
The Final Payout comprises a maximum of two or more Payouts as provided in the 
Conditions and specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(j)
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any Final Payout shall be 
capped at the Maximum Final Payout and/or floored at the Minimum Final Payout, 
as specified, in each case, in the relevant Final Terms.
1.3Automatic Early Redemption ("AER") Payouts, Call Payouts or Put Payouts
(a)
Automatic Early Redemption Payouts
If the relevant Final Terms specify that Automatic Early Redemption is applicable, 
if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, and if an Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the following Payout 
(or one of the Final Payouts specified in section 2, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), multiplied by the Specified Denomination, shall apply in the event of 
Automatic Early Redemption:
AER Redemption Percentage +  AER Exit Rate
Provided that if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout shall be capped at the Maximum Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout and/or floored at the Minimum Automatic Early Redemption Payout, as 
specified, in each case, in the relevant Final Terms.
(b)
Definitions applicable to Automatic Early Redemption (abbreviated to: "AER") Payouts 
"AER Athena Up Rate" means:
(i)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Min Max ER Floor Percentage (i),ER Gearing(i) ×  ER Valuei) –ER Strike Percentage(i)  + ER Spread(i) , 
ER Cap Percentage(i)  +  ER Constant Percentage(i)
(ii)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:

--- Page 228 ---
228.
WS0101.36205449.4
Max ER Floor Percentage(𝑖),ER Gearing(i) ×  ER Valuei) –ER Strike Percentage(i)  +  ER Spread(i)
+  ER Constant Percentage(i)
"AER Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Automatic Early Redemption Date (or, if 
none, the Issue Date) and the Automatic Early Redemption Date (excluded);
"AER CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the AER Rate 
and the applicable Day Count Fraction;
"AER Exit Rate" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or Early 
Redemption Valuation Period, any of AER Rate, AER Athena Up Rate or AER CSN 
Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"AER Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"AER Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms;
"AER Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Early Redemption Cap Percentage" or "ER Cap Percentage" means, in respect 
of a SPS ER Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Period, the percentage 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Early Redemption Constant Percentage" or "ER Constant Percentage" means, 
in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Period, the 
percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Early Redemption Floor Percentage" or "ER Floor Percentage" means, in 
respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Period, the 
percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Early Redemption Gearing" or "ER Gearing" means, in respect of a SPS ER 
Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Period, the percentage specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Early Redemption Spread" or "ER Spread" means, in respect of a SPS ER 
Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Period, the percentage specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Early Redemption Strike Percentage" or "ER Strike Percentage" means, in 
respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or Early Redemption Valuation Period, the 
percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Early Redemption Value" or "ER Value" means, in respect of a SPS ER 
Valuation Date, the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 
or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"SPS Early Redemption Valuation Date" or "SPS ER Valuation Date" means 
each Averaging Date, Pricing Date and/or Settlement Price Date, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; and
"SPS Early Redemption Valuation Period" or "SPS ER Valuation Period" 
means each period as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 229 ---
229.
WS0101.36205449.4
(c)
Call Payouts
If Call Payout is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the following 
Payout which, multiplied by the Specified Denomination, shall apply in the event of 
a call:
 (Call Redemption Percentage + Call Exit Rate)
Provided that, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Call Payout shall be 
capped at the Maximum Call Payout and/or floored at the Minimum Call Payout, as 
specified, in each case, in the relevant Final Terms.
(d)
Definitions for Call Payouts 
"Call Athena Up Rate" means:
(i)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Min Max Call Floor Percentage(i),Call Gearing(i) ×  Call Valuei) –Call Strike Percentage(i)  
+ Call Spread Percentage(i) , Call Cap Percentage(i)  +  Call Constant Percentage(i)
(ii)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Max Call Floor Percentage(𝑖),Call Gearing(i) ×  Call Valuei) –Call Strike Percentage(i)  +
 Call Spread Percentage(i) +  Call Constant Percentage(i)
"Call Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Optional Redemption Date (or, if none, 
the Issue Date) to the Optional Redemption Date (excluded);
"Call Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Call Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Call CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the Call Rate and 
the applicable Day Count Fraction;
"Call Exit Rate" means any of Call Rate, Call Athena Up Rate or Call CSN Rate, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Call Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Call Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Call Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner specified 
in the relevant Final Terms;
"Call Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Call Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 230 ---
230.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Call Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms;
"Call Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Call Value" means, in respect of a SPS Call Valuation Date or SPS Call Valuation 
Period, the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 
of the Supplemental Payout Terms as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"SPS Call Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
"SPS Call Valuation Period" each period as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(e)
Put Payouts
If Put Payout is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the following 
Payout which, multiplied by the Specified Denomination, shall apply in the event of 
a Put:
Specified Denomination × (Put Redemption Percentage + Put Exit Rate)
Provided that, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Put Payout shall be 
capped at the Maximum Put Payout and/or floored at the Minimum Put Payout, as 
specified, in each case, in the relevant Final Terms.
(f)
Definitions applicable to Put Payouts
"Put Athena Up Rate" means:
(i)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Min Max Put Floor Percentage(i),Put Gearing(i) ×  Put Valuei) – Put Strike Percentage(i)  
+ Put Spread(i) , Put Cap Percentage(i)  +  Put Constant Percentage(i)
(ii)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Max Put Floor Percentage(𝑖),Put Gearing(i) ×  Put Valuei) –Put Strike Percentage(i)  +
 Put Spread(i) +  Put Constant Percentage(i)
"Put Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Optional Redemption Date (or, if none, 
the Issue Date) to the Optional Redemption Date (excluded);
"Put Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Put CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the Put Rate and 
the applicable Day Count Fraction;
"Put Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Put Exit Rate" means any of Put Rate, Put Athena Up Rate or Put CSN Rate, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 231 ---
231.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Put Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Put Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Put Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner specified 
in the relevant Final Terms;
"Put Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms;
"Put Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Put Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Put Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Put Value" means, in respect of a SPS Put Valuation Date or a SPS Put Valuation 
Period, the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 
of the Supplemental Payout Terms as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SPS Put Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and
"SPS Put Valuation Period" each period as specified in the relevant Final Terms.
1.4Physical Delivery Entitlement Amounts 
The following Physical Delivery Entitlement Amounts (each a "Physical Delivery 
Entitlement Amount") shall apply to the Notes, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject as provided in Payout Term 1.4(c) below:
(a)
Delivery of the Worst Performing Underlying
If Delivery of the Worst Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms:
Specified Denomination ×  
Redemption Payout 
Worst Performing Reference Underlying Closing Price Value(i) ×  FX(i)
Where:
"Worst Performing Reference Underlying Closing Price Value(i)" is the 
Reference Underlying Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date in 
respect of the Reference Underlying with the Worst Value on such date; and
"FX(i)" is the FX Level(i) of the relevant Reference Underlying on the relevant SPS 
Valuation Date or, if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding 
Business Day.
(b)
Delivery of the Best Performing Underlying
If Delivery of the Best Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms:

--- Page 232 ---
232.
WS0101.36205449.4
Specified Denomination ×  
Redemption Payout 
Best Performing Reference Underlying Closing Price Value(i) ×  FX(i)
Where:
"Best Performing Reference Underlying Closing Price Value(i)" is the Reference 
Underlying Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date in respect of 
the Reference Underlying with the Best Value on such date; and
"FX(i)" is the FX Level of the relevant Reference Underlying on the relevant SPS 
Valuation Date or, if such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding 
Business Day.
(c)
Rounding and Residual Amount
The Physical Delivery Entitlement Amount shall be rounded down to the nearest 
unit of each Relevant Asset capable of being delivered and, in lieu thereof, the Issuer 
shall pay an amount equal to:
Specified Denomination ×  Redemption Payout  -  
∑K
k=1 Number (k,i) ∗FX(i) ∗ Underlying Closing Level(k,i)  
1.5Definitions for Rates of Interest/Coupon and Final Redemption Rates 
(a)
Definitions for Rates of Interest /Coupon
"Accrual Digital Coupon Barrier Level Down" means (i) in respect of a SPS 
Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, the product of the Barrier 
Gearing multiplied by the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 
1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, or (ii) the percentage, the amount 
or the number, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Accrual Digital Coupon Barrier Level Up" means (i) in respect of a SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, the product of the Barrier Gearing 
multiplied by the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 
or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, or (ii) the percentage, the amount or the 
number, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Accrual Digital Coupon Condition" means:
(i)
if Barrier Up is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
Digital Coupon Barrier Value for the relevant DC Day is (i) greater than or 
equal to the relevant Accrual Digital Coupon Barrier Level Down, and (ii) 
less than or equal to the relevant Accrual Digital Coupon Barrier Level Up; 
or
(ii)
if Barrier Up is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that 
the Digital Coupon Barrier Value for the relevant DC Day is (a) greater than, 
(b) less than, (c) greater than or equal to, or (d) less than or equal to the 
relevant Accrual Digital Coupon Barrier Level Down, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;
"Additional Coupon" means each Rate of Interest specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Barrier Gearing" means the percentage or the number specified as such in the

--- Page 233 ---
233.
WS0101.36205449.4
relevant Final Terms;
"Cappuccino Coupon Condition" means the Coupon Value for the relevant 
Reference Underlying, on the relevant SPS Valuation Date, is (a) greater than, (b) 
less than, (c) greater than or equal to, or (d) less than or equal to the Barrier Level, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Coupon Value" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or the SPS 
Coupon Valuation Period, the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 
1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"DC Day" means a calendar day, an Exchange Business Day, a Trading Day or any 
other day specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Digital Coupon Barrier Level Down" means (i) in respect of a SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, the product of the Barrier Gearing 
multiplied by the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 
or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, or (ii) the percentage, the amount or the 
number, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Digital Coupon Barrier Level Up" means (i) in respect of a SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, the value calculated in accordance 
with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, or (ii) 
the percentage, the amount or the number, specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Digital Coupon Barrier Value" means, in respect of a DC Day, the value 
calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the 
Supplemental Payout Terms as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Digital Coupon Barrier Value" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation 
Date or the SPS Coupon Valuation Period, the value calculated in accordance with 
Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms;
"Digital Coupon Condition" means:
(i)
if Barrier Up is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
Digital Coupon Barrier Value for the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date is 
(i) greater than or equal to the relevant Digital Coupon Barrier Level Down, 
and (ii) less than or equal to the relevant Barrier Level Up; or
(ii)
if Barrier Up is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that 
the Digital Coupon Barrier Value, for the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation 
Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) 
greater than or equal to, or (d) less than or equal to the Digital Coupon Barrier 
Level Down, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Driver Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Final Redemption Barrier Value" means for the relevant Final Redemption 
Condition, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, the 
value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the 
Supplemental Payout Terms as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 234 ---
234.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Final Redemption Condition" means:
(i)
if Barrier Up is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that the 
Final Redemption Barrier Value for the relevant SPS Valuation Date or the 
SPS Valuation Period is (a) greater than or equal to the relevant Final 
Redemption Condition Level Down and (b) less than or equal to the relevant 
Final Redemption Condition Level Up; or
(ii)
if Barrier Up is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, that 
the Final Redemption Barrier Value, for the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation 
Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) 
greater than or equal to, or (d) less than or equal to the relevant Final 
Redemption Condition Level Down, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
to the Final Redemption Condition Level;
"Final Redemption Condition Level Down" means for the relevant Final 
Redemption Condition, (i) in respect of a SPS Valuation Date or SPS Coupon 
Valuation Period, the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 
1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms or (ii) the percentage, amount or 
number, specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Final Redemption Condition Level Up" means for the relevant Final Redemption 
Condition, (i) in respect of a SPS Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, 
the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the 
Supplemental Payout Terms or (ii) the percentage, amount or number, specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms;
"IRR Rate" means:
Constant Percentage(i) + Gearing(i) ∗Min Max IRR(i) +  Spread(i),Floor Percentage(i) ,Cap Percentage(i)
IRR(i) =  Coupon Value(i) Coupon Value(j)
IRR Exposure(i) ― Strike Percentage(i)
"nfixed value" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
"Rate" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period:
(i)
the fixed rate specified in the relevant Final Terms or the floating rate 
calculated in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms; or
(ii)
the Vanilla Call Rate, the Vanilla Call Spread Rate or the IRR Rate specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.
"Rate 1", "Rate 2" each means a Rate as defined below;
"Snowball Barrier Value" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date, the 
value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the 
Supplemental Payout Terms as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Snowball Date" means each date on which the Snowball Digital Coupon Condition 
is satisfied;
"Snowball Digital Coupon Condition" means that the Snowball Barrier Value for 
the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date is (a) greater, (b) less, (c) greater than or 
equal to, or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the

--- Page 235 ---
235.
WS0101.36205449.4
Snowball Level;
"Snowball Level" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Spread" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"SPS Coupon Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"SPS Coupon Valuation Period" means the period as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Vanilla Call Rate" means:
Constant Percentage(i) +Gearing(i) ∗Max Coupon Value(i)− Srike Percentage(i) + Spread(i), Floor 
Percentage(i);
"Vanilla Call Spread Rate" means:
Constant Percentage(i) + Gearing(i) ∗Min(Max Coupon Value(i) ―  Strike Percentage(i) +  Spread(i),
 Floor Percentage(i) , Cap Percentage(i)  
(b)
Definitions for calculating the Final Redemption Rate
"Final Redemption Cap Percentage" (abbreviated to: "FR Cap Percentage") 
means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Final Redemption Constant Percentage" (abbreviated to: "FR Constant 
Percentage") means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Final Redemption Floor Percentage" (abbreviated to: "FR Floor Percentage") 
means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Final Redemption Gearing" (abbreviated to: "FR Gearing") means the 
percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Final Redemption Percentage (FR)" means the percentage specified as such in 
the relevant Final Terms;
"Final Redemption Spread" (abbreviated to: "FR Spread") means the percentage 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Final Redemption Strike Percentage" (abbreviated to: "FR Strike Percentage") 
means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Final Redemption Value Down" (abbreviated to: "FR Value Down") means, in 
respect of a SPS FR Valuation Date, the value calculated in accordance with 
Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Value Up" (abbreviated to: "FR Value Up") means, in respect 
of a SPS FR Valuation Date, the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 
1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 236 ---
236.
WS0101.36205449.4
"FR Athena Up Rate" means:
(i)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Min (Max(FR Floor Percentage ,FR Gearing ×  (FR Value –FR Strike Percentage) + FR Spread)
, FR Cap Percentage ) + FR Constant Percentage 
* FR= Final Redemption
(ii)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Max [FR Floor Percentage , FR Gearing ×  (FR Value –FR Strike Percentage) + Fr Spread ]
+ FR Constant Percentage 
"FR Calculation Period" means the period commencing on the Interest Payment 
Date (included), as the case may be, immediately preceding the Final Valuation Date 
(or, if none, the Issue Date) and ending on the Final Valuation Date (excluded);
"FR CSN Rate" means a percentage equal to the product of the FR Rate multiplied 
by the applicable Day Count Fraction;
"FR Exit Rate" means any of the FR Rate, the FR Athena Up Rate or the FR CSN 
Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"FR Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner specified 
in the relevant Final Terms;
"FR Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Min Coupon" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"SPS Final Redemption Barrier Valuation Date (abbreviated to: "FR Barrier 
Valuation Date")" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date and/or Settlement 
Price Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"SPS Final Redemption Barrier Valuation Period (abbreviated to: "FR Barrier 
Valuation Period")" means each period specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"SPS Final Redemption Valuation Date (abbreviated to: "FR Valuation Date")" 
means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date and/or Settlement Price Date as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; and
"SPS Final Redemption Valuation Period" (abbreviated to: "FR Valuation 
Period")" means each period specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
1.6Base and Performance Definitions for calculating Rates of Interest, Payouts and Physical 
Delivery Entitlement Amounts
(a)
Base Value Definitions
"Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Underlying and a SPS Valuation 
Date, (a) the Reference Underlying Value for such Reference Underlying on such 
date, less (b) 100 per cent;
"Reference Underlying FX Level" means, in respect of a Reference Underlying 
and any day, the rate of exchange between the currencies (including any rates of

--- Page 237 ---
237.
WS0101.36205449.4
exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and determined 
from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the relevant Final Terms 
for such Reference Underlying on such day;
"Reference Underlying FX Strike Level" means, in respect of a Reference 
Underlying:
(i)
the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; or
(ii)
if Closing FX Level is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Reference Underlying FX Level for such Reference Underlying on the Strike 
Date; or
(iii)
if Maximum FX Level is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the greatest Reference Underlying FX Level for such Reference Underlying 
for all Strike Dates in the Strike Period; or
(iv)
if Minimum FX Level is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the lowest Reference Underlying FX Level for such Reference Underlying for 
all Strike Dates in the Strike Period; or
(v)
if Average FX Level is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the arithmetic average of the Reference Underlying FX Levels for such 
Reference Underlying for all Strike Dates in the Strike Period; and
"Reference Underlying Strike Price" means, in respect of a Reference Underlying:
(i)
the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; or
(ii)
if Strike Price Closing Value is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Reference Underlying Closing Price Value for such Reference 
Underlying on the Strike Date; or
(iii)
if Strike Price Maximum Value is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the highest Reference Underlying Closing Price Value for such 
Reference Underlying for all Strike Dates in the Strike Period; or
(iv)
if Strike Price Minimum Value is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the lowest Reference Underlying Closing Price Value for such 
Reference Underlying for all Strike Dates in the Strike Period; or
(v)
if Strike Price Average Value is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the arithmetic average of the Reference Underlying Closing Price 
Values for such Reference Underlying for all Strike Dates in the Strike Period; 
or
(vi)
if Barrier Strike Price Closing Value is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the Reference Underlying 
Closing Price Value for such Reference Underlying on the Strike Date, and 
(y) the Barrier Strike Percentage; or
(vii)
if Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the highest 
Reference Underlying Closing Price Value for such Reference Underlying for 
all Strike Dates in the Strike Period, and (y) the Barrier Strike Percentage; or
(viii) if Barrier Strike Price Minimum Value is specified as applicable in the

--- Page 238 ---
238.
WS0101.36205449.4
relevant Final Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the lowest 
Reference Underlying Closing Price Value for such Reference Underlying for 
all Strike Dates in the Strike Period, and (y) the Barrier Strike Percentage; or
(ix)
if Barrier Strike Price Average Value is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Underlying Closing Price Values for such Reference 
Underlying for all Strike Dates in the Strike Period, and (y) the Barrier Strike 
Percentage; or
(x)
if Barrier Closing Price Value is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the Reference Underlying 
Closing Price Value for such Reference Underlying in respect of a SPS 
Valuation Date (being a Knock-In Barrier Effective Date or a Knock-Out 
Barrier Effective Date, as the case may be) "on which a Knock-In Event has 
occurred", "on which a Knock-Out Event has occurred" as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and (y) the Barrier Strike Percentage; 
"Restrike Performance" means, in respect of a Reference Underlying and a SPS 
Valuation Date (a) (i) the Reference Underlying Closing Price Value for such 
Reference Underlying in respect of such day (ii) divided by the Reference 
Underlying Closing Price Value for such Reference Underlying in respect of the 
immediately preceding SPS Valuation Date (b) less 100 per cent.
(b)
Mono Reference Underlying Value Definitions.
"FX Value" means, in respect of a Reference Underlying and a day, the FX Level 
for such Reference Underlying on such day, divided by the Reference Underlying 
FX Strike Level;
"Reference Underlying Closing Price Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation 
Date:
(i)
if the relevant Reference Underlying is an Index or Strategy Index, its official 
closing level; or
(ii)
if the Reference Underlying is a listed security or a Share, its official closing 
price;
(iii)
if the Reference Underlying is a Commodity/Goods or a Commodity/Goods 
Index, the Reference Price;
(iv)
if the Reference Underlying is a Fund, the NAV per Share or Unit in the Fund;
(v)
if the Reference Underlying is a Currency or Futures Contract, the Settlement 
Price;
(vi)
if the Reference Underlying is an Underlying Interest Rate, the Rate of the 
Reference Underlying; or
(vii)
if the Reference Underlying is an Inflation Index, the Reference Level;
in each case for such day;
"Reference Underlying EndDay Closing Price Value" means, in respect of a 
Reference Underlying and a SPS Valuation Date, the Reference Underlying Closing 
Price Value for such Reference Underlying on the date (the "SPS EndDay

--- Page 239 ---
239.
WS0101.36205449.4
Valuation Date") falling nEnd days after such SPS Valuation Date;
"Reference Underlying IntraDay Price Value" means:
(i)
if the relevant Reference Underlying is an Index, the Intraday Level; or
(ii)
if the relevant Reference Underlying is a Share, an Exchange Listed 
Instrument, a Commodity/Goods or a Commodity/Goods Index, the Intraday 
Price;
"Reference Underlying IntraDay Value" means, in respect of a Reference 
Underlying and a SPS Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Reference Underlying IntraDay 
Price Value for such Reference Underlying in respect of such SPS Valuation Date 
(ii) divided by the Strike Price of the relevant Reference Underlying, and (b) if FX 
Conversion is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, multiplied by the 
FX Value; 
"Reference Underlying Restrike Value" means, in respect of a Reference 
Underlying and a SPS Valuation Date, (a) the Reference Underlying Closing Price 
Value for such Reference Underlying for such date, divided by (b) the Reference 
Underlying Closing Price Value for such Reference Underlying on the immediately 
preceding SPS Valuation Date;
"Reference Underlying StartDay Closing Price Value" means, in respect of a 
Reference Underlying and a SPS Valuation Date, the Reference Underlying Closing 
Price Value for such Reference Underlying on the date (the "SPS StartDay 
Valuation Date") falling nStart days before such SPS Valuation Date;
"Reference Underlying TOM Restrike Value" means, in respect of a Reference 
Underlying and a SPS Valuation Date, (a) the Reference Underlying EndDay 
Closing Price Value for such Reference Underlying for such date, divided by (b) the 
Reference Underlying StartDay Closing Price Value for such Reference Underlying 
for such day;
"Reference Underlying TOM Value" means, in respect of a Reference Underlying 
and a SPS Valuation Date, the product of all Underlying TOM Restrike Values for 
all SPS Valuation Dates prior to and including such SPS Valuation Date, in respect 
of a Reference Underlying; and
"Reference Underlying Value" means, in respect of a Reference Underlying and a 
SPS Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Reference Underlying Closing Price Value for such 
Reference Underlying in respect of such SPS Valuation Date (ii) divided by the 
Strike Price of the relevant Reference Underlying and (b) if FX Conversion is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, multiplied by the FX Value.
(c)
Multi Reference Underlying Value Definitions
"Basket Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Reference Underlying in the Basket, as (a) the Reference 
Underlying Value for such Reference Underlying in respect of such SPS Valuation 
Date, multiplied by (b) the relevant Reference Underlying Weighting; 
"Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the highest 
Reference Underlying Intraday Value for any Reference Underlying in respect of 
such SPS Valuation Date;
"Best Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the highest Reference

--- Page 240 ---
240.
WS0101.36205449.4
Underlying Value for any Reference Underlying in the basket in respect of such SPS 
Valuation Date;
"Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the sum of the values 
calculated for each Reference Underlying in the Basket, as (a) the Ranked Value of 
such Reference Underlying in respect of such SPS Valuation Date, multiplied by (b) 
the relevant Reference Underlying Weighting;
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the Reference 
Underlying Value for the relevant Reference Underlying with the applicable 
Ranking on such SPS Valuation Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Ranking" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of 
each Reference Underlying by Reference Underlying Value, from lowest Reference 
Underlying Value to highest Reference Underlying Value in respect of such SPS 
Valuation Date;
"Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the lowest 
Reference Underlying IntraDay Value for any Reference Underlying in respect of 
such SPS Valuation Date; and
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the lowest Reference 
Underlying Value for any Reference Underlying in the basket in respect of such SPS 
Valuation Date.
1.7Greatest Period Value definitions for Coupon, Payout and Physical Delivery Entitlement 
Amount calculations
(a)
Mono Reference Underlying Value Definitions
"Greatest Reference Underlying IntraDay Value" means, in respect of a 
Reference Underlying and a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Reference 
Underlying IntraDay Value for such Reference Underlying for all SPS Valuation 
Dates in such SPS Valuation Period.
"Greatest Reference Underlying Value" means, in respect of a Reference 
Underlying and a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Reference Underlying Value 
for such Reference Underlying for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period; and
(b)
Multi Reference Underlying Value Definitions
"Greatest Basket Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest 
Basket Value for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the 
highest Best Intraday Value for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period;
"Greatest Best Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest 
Best Value for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period;
"Greatest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest 
for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow 
Values; and
"Greatest Worst Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest

--- Page 241 ---
241.
WS0101.36205449.4
Worst Value for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period.
1.8Lowest Period Value definitions for Coupon, Payout and Physical Delivery Entitlement 
Amount calculations
(a)
Mono Reference Underlying Value Definitions 
"Lowest Reference Underlying IntraDay Value" means, in respect of a Reference 
Underlying and a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Reference Underlying IntraDay 
Value for such Reference Underlying for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS 
Valuation Period.
"Lowest Reference Underlying Value" means, in respect of a Reference 
Underlying and a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Reference Underlying Value for 
such Reference Underlying for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period; and
(b)
Multi Reference Underlying Value Definitions
"Lowest Basket Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest 
Basket Value for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period;
"Lowest Best Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Best 
Value for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period;
"Lowest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest 
for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow 
Values;
"Lowest Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the 
lowest Worst Intraday Value for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period; and
"Lowest Worst Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest 
Worst Value for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period.
1.9Average Values for Coupon, Payout and Physical Delivery Entitlement Amount 
calculations
(a)
Mono Reference Underlying Value Definitions
"Average Reference Underlying TOM Value" means, in respect of a Reference 
Underlying and a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Reference 
Underlying TOM Values for such Reference Underlying, for all SPS Valuation 
Dates in such SPS Valuation Period.
"Average Reference Underlying Value" means, in respect of a Reference 
Underlying and a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Reference 
Underlying Values for such Reference Underlying, for all SPS Valuation Dates in 
such SPS Valuation Period.
(b)
Multi Reference Underlying Value Definitions
"Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the 
arithmetic average of the Basket Values for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS 
Valuation Period;

--- Page 242 ---
242.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Average Best Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic 
average of the Best Values for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period;
"Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the 
arithmetic average for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period of the 
relevant Rainbow Values; and
"Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic 
average of the Worst Values for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period.
1.10
Weighted Average Values for Coupon, Payout and Physical Delivery Entitlement 
Amount calculations
(a)
Mono Reference Underlying Value Definitions
"Weighted Average Reference Underlying Value" means, in respect of a 
Reference Underlying and a SPS Valuation Period, the sum of the values calculated 
for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period, as (a) the Reference 
Underlying Value for such Reference Underlying for such SPS Valuation Date, (b) 
multiplied by the applicable SPS Date Weighting.
(b)
Multi Reference Underlying Value Definitions
"Weighted Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, 
the sum of the values calculated for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period, as (a) the Basket Value for such SPS Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the 
applicable SPS Date Weighting;
"Weighted Average Best Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the 
sum of the values calculated for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period, as (a) the Best Value for such SPS Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the 
applicable SPS Date Weighting;
"Weighted Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, 
the sum of the values calculated for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period, as (a) the relevant Rainbow Values (b) multiplied by the applicable SPS Date 
Weighting; and
"Weighted Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, 
the sum of the values calculated for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation 
Period, as (a) the Worst Value for such SPS Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the 
applicable SPS Date Weighting.
1.11
Specific Payout Definitions
"Call" means Max (Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage, Floor Percentage);
"Call Spread" means Min (Max (Final Redemption Value - Strike Percentage, Floor 
Percentage); Cap Percentage);
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS x Loss 
Percentage, 0%));
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage;

--- Page 243 ---
243.
WS0101.36205449.4
"nEDS" means the number of Reference Underlyings in the Basket, in respect of which 
the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the EDS Barrier Percentage;
"Option" means a Call, Call Spread, Put, Put Spread, EDS or Forward as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage - Final Redemption Value; 0); and
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; 0); Cap 
Percentage).
1.12
Minimum / Maximum Values
Any value specified in the relevant Final Terms and used in the calculation of any Rate of 
Interest, Payout and/or Physical Delivery Entitlement Amount applicable to SPS, or for 
any related purpose, maybe subject to a cap of the Maximum Value and/or to a floor of the 
Minimum Value, as specified in each case in the relevant Final Terms.
1.13
General definitions for Coupon, Payout and Physical Delivery Entitlement Amount 
calculations
"Additional Final Payout" means each Final Payout as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms for the relevant Sum Notes or Max Notes and, if Payout FX Conversion is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, converted into the Payout Currency at the Payout 
FX Value, as specified in each case in the relevant Final Terms;
"Asian Local Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Bonus Coupon" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Bonus Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Constant Percentage (u, u from between 1 and 4)" means the percentage specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Coupon Airbag Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"EDS Barrier Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Final Redemption Value" means the value calculated in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 
1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, as specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 244 ---
244.
WS0101.36205449.4
Terms;
"Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"g" means an Option in the list of G Options;
"G" means the list of Options specified for the purposes of the Generic Notes Payout, 
corresponding to the number specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Gearing" means the percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Global Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"i" means the relevant SPS Valuation Date;
"IRR Exposure" means, in respect of a relevant SPS Valuation Date, the number specified 
for such date in the relevant Final Terms;
"j" means the relevant Strike Date;
"k" means the relevant Reference Underlying;
"Local Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Local Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Local Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Loss Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Min Coupon" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"nEnd days" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms;
"nStart days" has the meaning given thereto in the relevant Final Terms;
"Payout Currency" means the Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Payout FX Rate Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Payout FX Rate Strike Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"q" means the relevant Observation Date or SPS Valuation Date;
"Q" is a series of SPS Valuation Dates falling in a SPS Valuation Period(i) or a Calculation 
Period(i);
"Redemption Payout" means the Final Payout specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Reference Underlying Weighting" means, in respect of a Reference Underlying, the 
number, amount or percentage specified as such for such Reference Underlying in the 
relevant Final Terms;
"SPS Date Weighting" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the number, amount or

--- Page 245 ---
245.
WS0101.36205449.4
percentage specified as such for such date in the relevant Final Terms;
"SPS Redemption Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"SPS Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"SPS Valuation Date" means each SPS Coupon Valuation Date, SPS Redemption 
Valuation Date, SPS ER Valuation Date, SPS FR Valuation Date, SPS FR Barrier 
Valuation Date, Knock-In Barrier Effective Date, Knock-Out Barrier Effective Date, AEE 
Valuation Date, SPS EndDay Valuation Date, SPS StartDay Valuation Date, Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, SPS Coupon Switch Valuation Date or Final Payout 
Switch Valuation Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"SPS Valuation Period" means each SPS ER Valuation Period, SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period, SPS FR (Final Redemption) Barrier Valuation Period, SPS FR Valuation Period, 
SPS Redemption Valuation Period, Knock-In Barrier Effective Period, Knock-Out Barrier 
Effective Period, SPS Coupon Switch Valuation Period or Final Payout Switch Valuation 
Period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Strike Percentage" means for the relevant Option and in respect of a SPS Valuation Date 
or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, the percentage specified as such, or the value calculated 
in accordance with Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 of the Supplemental Payout Terms, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"T" means the relevant Observation Date or SPS Valuation Date;
"Total M" means the number specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"u" means the relevant Final Redemption Condition in the series of "U" conditions;
"U" means a series of Final Redemption Conditions specified for Digital-B Generic Notes.
2. COUPON RATES AND PAYOUTS FOR FIXED RATE NOTES
2.1Coupon Rate on Fixed Rate Notes ("FI")
The following Coupon Rate(s) shall apply to the Notes if specified in the relevant Final 
Terms:
(a)
FI Digital Coupon
If FI Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(i)
If the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Interest Valuation Date:
Min Global Cap A, Max Global Floor A, 
n
i=1
Gearing A(i) × FI Rate A(i)
+ Constant A
; or
(ii) If the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Interest Valuation Date:
Min Global Cap B, Max Global Floor B, 
n
i=1
Gearing B (i) × FI Rate B(i)
+ Constant B

--- Page 246 ---
246.
WS0101.36205449.4
(b)
Range Accrual Coupon
If Range Accrual Coupon is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Min Global Cap, Max Global Cap, Min Local Cap, Max Local Floor Global Margin +  
n
i=1
Gearing(i) × FI Rate (i)
×  n N
Where:
'n' is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period where the 
Range Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied; and
'N' is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period.
If Deemed Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
FI DC Barrier Value for each Range Accrual Day in the period from (and including) 
the Range Cut-Off Date to (and including) the Range Period End Date, shall be 
deemed to be the FI DC Barrier Value on the Range Cut-Off Date.
(c)
Combination Floater Coupon
If Combination Floater Coupon is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms:
Min Global Cap, Max Global Floor, Global Margin +
n
i=1
Gearing (i) × FI Rate(i)  
(d)
PRDC Coupon
If PRDC Coupon is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(i) If Knock-In Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if no Knock-In Event occurs, 0 (zero); or
(B)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred:
Min
(Cap, Max (Floor,(Coupon Percentage 1 ×  PRDC Performance) ― Coupon Percenta
 ;
(ii)If Knock-In Event is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Min
(Cap, Max (Floor,(Coupon Percentage 1 × PRDC Performance) ― Coupon Percenta
 ;
(iii) If Knock-In Event and Knock-Out Event are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred but a Knock-Out Event has not 
occurred:
Min
(Cap, Max (Floor,(Coupon Percentage 1 × PRDC Performance) ― Coupon Pe
;

--- Page 247 ---
247.
WS0101.36205449.4
(B)
if (a) a Knock-In Event and a Knock-Out Event have occurred or (b) a 
Knock-Out Event has occurred, 0 (zero);
Where:
"PRDC Performance" means the quotient of the Final Settlement Price (as 
numerator) and the Initial Settlement Price (as denominator).
(e)
FI Digital Floor Coupon
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are FI Digital Floor Coupon Notes:
(i) If Knock-In Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if no Knock-In Event occurs, 0 (zero);
(B)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred and if the FI Digital Floor Coupon 
Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation 
Date:
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or
(C)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred and if the FI Digital Floor Coupon 
Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation 
Date:
Digital Floor Percentage 2.
(ii)If Knock-In Event is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if the FI Digital Floor Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Interest Valuation Date:
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or
(B)
if the FI Digital Floor Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of 
the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date:
Digital Floor Percentage 2; or
(iii) If Knock-In Event and Knock-Out Event are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if no Knock-In Event occurs, 0 (zero); or
(B)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred but a Knock-Out Event has not 
occurred and if the FI Digital Floor Coupon Condition is satisfied in 
respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date:
Digital Floor Percentage 1;
(C)
in all other cases:
Digital Floor Percentage 2.
(f)
FI Digital Cap Coupon

--- Page 248 ---
248.
WS0101.36205449.4
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are FI Digital Cap Coupon Notes:
(i) If Knock-In Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if no Knock-In Event occurs, 0 (zero);
(B)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred and if the FI Digital Cap Coupon 
Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation 
Date:
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or
(C)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred and if the FI Digital Cap Coupon 
Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation 
Date:
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or
(ii)If Knock-In Event is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if the FI Digital Cap Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Interest Valuation Date:
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or
(B)
if the FI Digital Cap Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Interest Valuation Date:
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or
(iii) If Knock-In Event and Knock-Out Event is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms:
if no Knock-In Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or
(A)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred, but a Knock-Out Event has not 
occurred and if the FI Digital Cap Coupon Condition is not satisfied in 
respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date:
Digital Cap Percentage 1;
(B)
in all other cases:
Digital Cap Percentage 2.
(g)
FI Target Coupon
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are FI Target Coupon Notes and 
if an Automatic Early Redemption Event has not occurred, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of the Target Final Interest Period shall be the Final Interest Rate specified 
in the relevant Final Terms:
(i) in respect of each Interest Period other than the Target Final Interest Period, the 
fixed rate specified in the relevant Final Terms.
2.2Definitions for Fixed Rate Note Coupon Rates

--- Page 249 ---
249.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Constant A" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Constant B" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Coupon Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Coupon Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"FI DC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date and an 
Underlying Reference, the Closing Value for such Underlying Reference;
"FI Digital Coupon Condition" means, in respect of Underlying Reference: 
(a)
if Underlying Reference 1 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of Underlying Reference 1, that the FI DC Barrier Value, for such Reference 
Underlying on the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date, is (i) (a) greater than, (b) less 
than, (c) greater than or equal to or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the FI Upper Barrier Level and (ii) if a FI Lower Barrier Level 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) greater 
than or equal to or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the FI Lower Barrier Level; and
(b)
if Underlying Reference 2 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of Underlying Reference 2, that the FI FC Barrier Value, for such Underlying 
Reference on the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date, is (i) (a) greater than, (b) less 
than, (c) greater than or equal to or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, the FI Upper Barrier Level and (ii) if a FI Lower Barrier Level 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) greater 
than or equal to or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the FI Lower Barrier Level;
"FI Interest Valuation Date" means each Underlying Interest Rate Determination Date, 
Determination Valuation Date, Pricing Date, Ascertainment Date, Valuation Date, Interest 
Valuation Date and/or Settlement Price Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
each Range Accrual Day;
"FI Lower Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, 
level or percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"FI Rate" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"FI Rate A" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"FI Rate B" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"FI Upper Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, 
level or percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Global Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Global Cap A" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 250 ---
250.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Global Cap B" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Global Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Global Floor A" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Global Floor B" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Global Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Local Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Local Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference:
(a)
in respect of Underlying Reference 1, that the FI DC Barrier Value, for such 
Underlying Reference and the relevant Range Accrual Day, is (i) (a) greater than, 
(b) less than, (c) greater than or equal to or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Lower Barrier Level 
and (ii) if a Range Accrual Coupon Upper Barrier Level is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) greater than or equal to or (d) less 
than or equal to, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Range Accrual Coupon 
Upper Barrier Level; or
(b)
if Underlying Reference 2 is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, in 
respect of Underlying Reference 2, that the FI DC Barrier Value, for such 
Underlying Reference and the relevant Range Accrual Day, is (i) (a) greater than, 
(b) less than, (c) greater than or equal to or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Range Accrual Coupon Lower Barrier Level and (ii) if 
a Range Accrual Coupon Upper Barrier Level is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) greater than or equal to or (d) less than or 
equal to, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Range Accrual Coupon Upper 
Barrier Level;
"Range Accrual Coupon Lower Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference, the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Range Accrual Coupon Upper Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying 
Reference, the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Range Accrual Day" means a Scheduled Trading Day, a Business Day, an Underlying 
Interest Rate Determination Date or a calendar day, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Range Cut-Off Date" means the date as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Range Period" means the period as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Range Period End Date" means the date as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"Rate" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date, the fixed rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms or the floating rate calculated in accordance with the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Target Determination Date" means each date as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 251 ---
251.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Target Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date;
"Target Coupon Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; and
"YoY Inflation Rate" means [Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(i-1)] – 1. 
2.3Fixed Rate Note Final Payouts
The following final payouts (each a "Final Payout") will apply to the Notes if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.
(a)
FI FX Vanilla Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are FI FX Vanilla Notes:
(i) if Knock-In Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if no Knock-In Event has occurred, the FI FX Vanilla Percentage; or
(B)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred:
Gearing x Option;
(ii)if Knock-In Event is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Gearing x Option;
(iii) if Knock-In Event and Knock-Out Event is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred but a Knock-Out Event has not 
occurred,
Gearing x Option;
(B)
if (a) a Knock-In Event and a Knock-Out Event have occurred or (b) a 
Knock-Out Event has occurred, the FI FX Vanilla Percentage.
Where:
"Option" means Max (Performance Value, Floor).
(b)
FI Digital Floor Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are FI Digital Floor Notes:
(i) if the Final Terms specify that a Knock-In Event is applicable:
(A)
if no Knock-In Event has occurred, Digital Floor Percentage 3;
(B)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred and if the FI Digital Floor Condition 
is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date:
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or
(C)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred and if the FI Digital Floor Condition

--- Page 252 ---
252.
WS0101.36205449.4
is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date:
Digital Floor Percentage 2.
(ii)if Knock-In Event is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant 
FI Redemption Valuation Date:
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or
(B)
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied in respect of the 
relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date:
Digital Floor Percentage 2; or
(iii) if Knock-In Event and Knock-Out Event is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if no Knock-In Event has occurred, Digital Floor Percentage 3;
(B)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred but a Knock-Out Event has not 
occurred and if the FI Digital Floor Coupon Condition is satisfied in 
respect of the relevant Redemption Valuation Date:
Digital Floor Percentage 1;
(C)
in all other cases:
Digital Floor Percentage 2.
(c)
FI Digital Cap Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are FI Digital Cap Notes:
(i) if Knock-In Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if no Knock-In Event has occurred, Digital Cap Percentage 3;
(B)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred and if the FI Digital Cap Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date:
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or
(C)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred and if the FI Digital Cap Condition is 
not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date:
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or
(ii)if Knock-In Event is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Redemption Valuation Date:
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or
(B)
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant

--- Page 253 ---
253.
WS0101.36205449.4
FI Redemption Valuation Date:
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or
(iii) if Knock-In Event and Knock-Out Event is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if no Knock-In Event has occurred, Digital Cap Percentage 3; or
(B)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred but a Knock-Out Event has not 
occurred and if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of 
the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date:
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or
(C)
in all other cases:
Digital Cap Percentage 2.
(d)
FI Digital Plus Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are FI Digital Plus Notes:
(i) if Knock-In Event is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if no Knock-In Event has occurred, Digital Plus Percentage 3; or
(B)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred and if the FI Digital Plus Condition 
is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date:
Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing x FI Digital Value)); or
(C)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred and if the FI Digital Plus Condition 
is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date:
Digital Plus Percentage 2; or
(ii)if Knock-In Event is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Redemption Valuation Date:
Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing x FI Digital Value); or
(B)
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant 
FI Redemption Valuation Date:
Digital Plus Percentage 2.
(iii) if Knock-In Event and Knock-Out Event is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Final Terms:
(A)
if no Knock-In Event has occurred, Digital Plus Percentage 3; or
(B)
if a Knock-In Event has occurred but a Knock-Out Event has not 
occurred and if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of 
the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date:

--- Page 254 ---
254.
WS0101.36205449.4
Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing x FI Digital Value); or
(C)
in all other cases:
Digital Plus Percentage 2.
(e)
FI Inflation Linked Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes are FI Inflation Linked Notes:
Max [100%, Cumulative Inflation Rate]
2.4Fixed Rate Note Automatic Early Redemption Payouts
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and 
if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
shall be as follows:
(a)
If Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms:
Notional Amount x (100% + Final Rate of Interest)
(b)
If FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms:
Notional Amount
(c)
If FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms:
Notional Amount x (100% + (Min (Coupon Cap, Final Coupon Rate) x Final Day 
Count Fraction)).
2.5Fixed Rate Note Automatic Early Redemption Payout definitions 
"Coupon Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Cumulative Inflation Rate" means Inflation Index(i)/ Inflation Index (base);
"Final Rate of Interest" means:
(a)
if Capped and Guaranteed Applicable is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage or the Target Coupon 
Percentage, as the case may be, less Paid Coupon;
(b)
if Capped and Guaranteed Not Applicable is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the product of the Final Coupon Rate and the Final Day Count Fraction;
(c)
if Capped Only is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Min (Final Coupon Rate x Final Day Count Fraction, Automatic Early Redemption 
Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage, as the case may be, – Paid Coupon);
(d)
if Guaranteed Only is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms:
Max (Final Coupon Rate x Final Day Count Fraction, Automatic Early Redemption

--- Page 255 ---
255.
WS0101.36205449.4
Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage, as the case may be – Paid Coupon).
2.6General definitions for Fixed Rate Note Coupon Rates, Final Payouts and Automatic Early 
Redemption Payouts
"Best Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the highest Performance Value for 
any Subject Currency in the basket, in respect of such FI Valuation Date;
"Current Interest Period" means the Interest Period during which the relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date occurs or, for the calculation of the FI Target Coupon, 
the Target Final Interest Period;
"Digital Cap Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Digital Cap Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Digital Cap Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Digital Floor Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Digital Floor Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Digital Floor Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Digital Plus Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Digital Plus Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"Digital Plus Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"FI Digital Cap Condition" means that the FI Digital Value on the relevant FI Valuation 
Date is greater than or equal to the FI Digital Cap Level;
"FI Digital Cap Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, 
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"FI Digital Floor Condition" means that the FI Digital Value on the relevant FI Valuation 
Date is less than or equal to the FI Digital Floor Level;
"FI Digital Floor Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, 
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"FI Digital Plus Condition" means that the FI Digital Value on the relevant FI Valuation 
Date is greater than the FI Digital Plus Level;
"FI Digital Plus Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, 
in each case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 256 ---
256.
WS0101.36205449.4
"FI Digital Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the Performance Value, the 
Worst Value, the Best Value, the Multi-Basket Value or the FI Weighted Average Basket 
Value, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"FI FX Vanilla Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms;
"FI Redemption Valuation Date" means each Settlement Price Date as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;
"FI Valuation Date" means each FI Redemption Valuation Date or a FI Interest Valuation 
Date, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;
"FI Weighted Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the sum 
of the values calculated for each Subject Currency in the basket, as (a) the Performance 
Value for such Subject Currency and such FI Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant 
FI Weighting;
"FI Weighting" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the number, amount or 
percentage specified as such for such Subject Currency in the relevant Final Terms;
"Final Coupon Rate" means the Rate of Interest calculated in respect of the Current 
Interest Period or the Target Final Interest Period, as the case may be (the "Final Interest 
Period");
"Final Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction applicable to the Final Interest 
Period;
"Final Settlement Price" means (i) if Averaging is specified as not applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Settlement Price on the relevant FI Valuation Date, or (ii) if 
Averaging is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the arithmetic average of 
the Settlement Prices for all Ascertainment Dates;
"Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"G" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the percentage specified for such Subject 
Currency in the relevant Final Terms;
"Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Gearing A" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Gearing B" means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
"Inflation Index(base)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Value for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date; 
"Inflation Index(i)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the relevant FI 
Valuation Date;
"Inflation Index(i-1)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Value for such Underlying Reference on the immediately preceding FI 
Valuation Date (or, if none, on the Strike Date);
"Inflation Rate" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the YoY Inflation Rate or the 
Cumulative Inflation Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 257 ---
257.
WS0101.36205449.4
"Initial Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Subject Currency:
(a)
the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; or
(b)
if Initial Closing Value is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price for such Subject Currency on the Strike Date; or
(c)
if Initial Average Value is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for such Subject Currency, for all Strike 
Days in the Strike Period. 
"Multi-Basket Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date:
m
J=1
n
i=1
Gj ∗ (Wi ∗Performance Valuei)
"Notional Amount" means the Notional Amount or, in respect of a Note, the Calculation 
Amount;
"Paid Coupon" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or a 
Target Determination Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period, as 
the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day Count Fraction, calculated, in each 
case, for each Interest Period preceding the Current Interest Period (in the case of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date) or the Target Final Interest Period (in the 
case of a Target Determination Date);
"Performance Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date:
(a)
If Performance Value 1 is specified in the relevant Final Terms,
Final Settlement Price – Initial Settlement Price
(b)
If Performance Value 2 is specified in the relevant Final Terms,
Initial Settlement Price – Final Settlement Price
(c)
If Performance Value 3 is specified in the relevant Final Terms,
(Final Settlement Price ―  Initial Settlement Price)
Final Settlement Price
(d)
If Performance Value 4 is specified in the relevant Final Terms,
(Initial Settlement Price ―  Final Settlement Price)
Final Settlement Price
(e)
If Performance Value 5 is specified in the relevant Final Terms,
1
Initial Settlement Price ―  
1
Final Settlement Price
(f)
If Performance Value 6 is specified in the relevant Final Terms,
1
Final Settlement Price ―  
1
Initial Settlement Price
(g)
If Performance Value 7 is specified in the relevant Final Terms,

--- Page 258 ---
258.
WS0101.36205449.4
(Final Settlement Price ―  Initial Settlement Price)
Initial Settlement Price
(h)
If Performance Value 8 is specified in the relevant Final Terms,
(Initial Settlement Price ―  Final Settlement Price)
Initial Settlement Price
(i)
If Performance Value 9 is specified in the relevant Final Terms,
Initial Settlement Price
Initial Settlement Price
Final Settlement Price
(j)
If Performance Value 10 is specified in the relevant Final Terms,
Final Settlement Price
Initial Settlement Price
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purpose of Fixed Rate Note Payouts, each 
Inflation Index, Subject Currency, or Underlying Interest Rate or any other basis of 
reference to which the Notes relate;
"Underlying Reference 1" means the Underlying Reference as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Underlying Reference 2" means the Underlying Reference as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;
"Underlying Reference Closing Value" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date:
(a)
if the Underlying Reference is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level (as defined in 
the Inflation Index Linked Notes Terms); or
(b)
if the Underlying Reference is an interest rate, the Underlying Reference Rate, in 
each case in respect of such date;
"W" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the FI Weighting for such Subject Currency;
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the lowest Performance Value 
for any Subject Currency in the basket in respect of such FI Valuation Date.

--- Page 259 ---
259.
WS0101.36205449.4
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 260 ---
260.
WS0101.36205449.4
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [RETAIL INVESTORS, ]PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ECPS [ONLY ]TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer[’s/s’] product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,/ and] professional clients[only/ and retail 
clients]1, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended 
("MiFID II"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]1. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]2
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / [RETAIL INVESTORS, ]PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ECPS [ONLY] TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment, taking into account the five 
(5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative 
materials"), in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is [retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"),] eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"), [only]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to 
retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised 
sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].]3
1 Only applicable to Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000. Legend to be included following completion of 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.
2 To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five 
categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.
3 Legend to be included only (i) if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to UK MiFIR (depending on the location of 
the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product 
governance legend or where both are included) and (ii) following completion by the manufacturers of the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes, on the basis of the relevant applicable provisions of English law.

--- Page 261 ---
261.
WS0101.36205449.4
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID 
II")]/[MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance 
distribution, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]4
[PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 
supplementing MiFID II as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement [Directive 2016/97 /EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended / the Insurance Distribution 
Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May 2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA [("UK MiFIR")]; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]5
Final Terms dated []
[Logo, if the document is printed]
BANQUE PALATINE
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) : EJ3P8B7HPQFKAH6YME79
€5,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
4 Delete legend if the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, in which case, insert "Not Applicable" in paragraph 14 of Part 
B below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In this case insert "Applicable" in paragraph 14 of Part B below.
5 Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to UK retail clients in the UK.

--- Page 262 ---
262.
WS0101.36205449.4
[Brief description and amount of the Notes]
Issue Price: []%
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
[Any person offering or intending to offer Notes may only do so:
(a)
in a Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction as referred to in paragraph 14 of Part B below, provided 
that such person is one of the persons referred to in paragraph 14 of Part B below, that such 
offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose and the relevant 
manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels identified under the 
"MiFID product governance" legend set out above have been considered; or
(b)
otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or a supplement in 
accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer.
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised or authorises the offering of any Notes in any other 
circumstances.
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.]6
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used below shall be deemed to have the same meanings as given to them in the terms and 
conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 22 June 2023 (in respect of which the Autorité des 
marchés financiers ("AMF") granted approval no. 23-240 on 22 June 2023) [and in the 
supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated [] (in respect of which the AMF issued approval 
number [] on [])] which [together] constitute a base prospectus as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation").
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein (the "Notes") for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and contains the final terms of the Notes. These 
Final Terms are supplemental to the Base Prospectus dated 22 June 2023 [and the supplement to the 
Base Prospectus dated []] relating to the Issuer’s Euro Medium Term Note Programme and must 
be read in conjunction therewith. [A summary of the issue is attached to these Final Terms]7.
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available on the websites 
of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (https://www.palatine.fr/votre-
banque/reglementation/programme-demission-emtn/), and during normal office opening hours at the 
registered office of the Issuer where copies may be obtained. [Furthermore8, the Base Prospectus 
[and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing [at/on] [].]
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date.]
Terms used herein shall be deemed to have the same meanings as given to them in the terms and 
conditions set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement(s) to the Base 
Prospectus dated []] which are incorporated into the Prospectus dated [current date] and attached 
6 Legend to be included only with respect to Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 and where a Non-exempt Offer of 
Notes is anticipated.
7 Only applicable to Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000.
8 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris

--- Page 263 ---
263.
WS0101.36205449.4
to this document.
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 
8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation), 
and must be read in conjunction the Base Prospectus dated [current date] in respect of which the 
Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") issued approval number [] on [] [and the 
supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus dated []], which together constitute a base prospectus as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. [A summary of the issue is attached to these Final Terms]9.
The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available on the websites 
of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (https://www.palatine.fr/votre-
banque/reglementation/programme-demission-emtn/), and during normal office opening hours at the 
registered office of the Issuer where copies may be obtained. [Furthermore, the Base Prospectus [and 
the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing [at/on] [].]
[The following alternative language applies if the Notes are Underlying Linked Notes the terms of 
which are based in whole or in part on the provisions of the Technical Annex.]
[The provisions of the Technical Annex [1]/[2]/[3]/[4]/[5]/[6]/[7]/[8] [(other than clauses [specify 
any inapplicable clauses])] shall apply to these Final Terms and such documents shall be read and 
construed together.]
[The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of Notes where the Offer Period 
spans a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the Base Prospectus.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth under the section[s] entitled ["Terms and Conditions of the Notes"] / [and 
Technical Annex [1]/[2]/[3]/[4]/[5]/[6]/[7]/[8] in the Base Prospectus dated 22 June 2023 which 
received approval no. 23-240 from the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") on 22 June 2023 
[and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [] (together, the "2023 Base Prospectus")] 
notwithstanding the approval of an updated base prospectus which will replace the 2023 Base 
Prospectus (the "2024 Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and (i) prior to the 
approval date by the AMF of the 2024 Base Prospectus (the "Approval Date"), must be read in 
conjunction with the 2023 Base Prospectus, as supplemented, and (ii) on and after the Approval 
Date, must be read in conjunction with the 2024 Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the 2023 Base Prospectus, as supplemented. The 2023 Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented, constitutes, and the 2024 Base Prospectus will constitute, a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full information on Banque Palatine (the "Issuer") and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and either 
(i) prior to the Approval Date, the 2023 Base Prospectus, as supplemented, or (ii) on or after the 
Approval Date, the 2023 Base Prospectus, as supplemented, and the 2024 Base Prospectus. [The 
Issuer has in the 2023 Base Prospectus given consent to the use of the 2023 Base Prospectus in 
connection with the offer of the Notes. Such consent will be valid until the date that is twelve months 
following the date of the 2023 Base Prospectus. The Issuer will in the 2024 Base Prospectus give 
consent to the use of the 2024 Base Prospectus in connection with the offer of the Notes.] [The 2023 
Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the 2023 Base Prospectus] and the 2024 Base Prospectus 
[is] [are] [will be] available for viewing at the office of Banque Palatine, 86 rue de Courcelles, 75008 
Paris, France and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and Banque Palatine 
(https://www.palatine.fr/votre-banque/reglementation/programme-demission-emtn/) 
and 
copies 
may be obtained from Banque Palatine, 86 rue de Courcelles, 75008 Paris, France]. [In addition10, 
the 2023 Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the 2023 Base Prospectus] and the 2024 Base 
Prospectus [is] [are] [will be] available for viewing at [address] [and] [website] and copies may be 
9 Only applicable to Notes with a specified denomination of less than €100,000.
10 Insert if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 264 ---
264.
WS0101.36205449.4
obtained from [address].] 
[Complete the following headings or specify "Not Applicable" (N/A). The numbering must remain 
identical to that appearing below even where "Not Applicable" is specified for any particular 
paragraph or sub-paragraph. Terms in italics provide information to assist in completing the Final 
Terms.]
[When completing final terms or adding any other final terms or information consideration should 
be given as to whether such terms or information constitute "significant new factors, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the publication of which would in turn 
trigger the investors' right to withdraw their acceptances within a seventy-two (72) hour time period 
pursuant to Article 23.2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation (until 31 December 2023) or a forty-eight 
(48) hour time period pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation (as from 1 January 
2024).]
1.
Issuer:
Banque Palatine
2.
(a)
Series no.:
[]
(b)
Tranche no.:
[]
(c)
[Date on which the 
Notes become fungible:
The Notes will, upon listing, be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with the 
(insert description of the relevant Series) 
(the "Existing Notes") on [●]]
3.
Specified 
Currency 
or 
Currencies:
[]
4.
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount:
[]
(a)
Series:
[]
(b)
Tranche:
[]
5.
Issue Price:
[]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus interest accrued as from [insert date] 
(where applicable)]
6.
Specified Denomination:
[] (only one denomination)
7.
(a)
Issue Date:
[]
(b)
Interest 
Commencement Date:
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8.
Maturity Date:
[Specify the date or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) the Interest Payment Date falling in 
the relevant month and year or the date 
nearest thereto] [subject to the Business Day 
Convention]

--- Page 265 ---
265.
WS0101.36205449.4
9.
Hybrid Notes:
[Yes/No]11
10.
Interest Basis:
[Fixed Rate of []%]
[[EURIBOR, CMS Rate, TEC10, SOFR, 
€STR] +/- []% Floating Rate]
[Fixed/Floating Rate] [Zero Coupon] [Zero 
Coupon redeemable prior to its Maturity 
Date] [Index Linked Coupon] [Equity 
Linked Coupon] [Inflation Linked Coupon] 
[Fund Linked Coupon] [Commodity Linked 
Coupon] [FX Linked Coupon] [Underlying 
Interest Rate Linked Coupon]
11.
Redemption/Payment 
Basis:
[Redemption at par]
[[]% of the Specified Denomination]
[Index Linked Redemption]
[Equity Linked Redemption]
[Inflation Linked Redemption]
[Fund Linked Redemption]
[Commodity Linked Redemption]
[FX Linked Redemption]
[Underlying 
Interest 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption] 
[Partly Paid up]
[Instalment]
12.
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment 
Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[Give details of any provisions relating to 
change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis applicable to the Notes]
13.
Put/Call Option:
[Noteholder Redemption Option]
[Issuer Redemption Option]
(other details provided below)]
[Not Applicable]
14.
(a)
Status 
of 
the 
Notes:
Unsubordinated
(b)
Date 
of 
the 
corporate 
authorizations 
for issuance of the Notes:
Decision of the Board of Directors dated 
[]
15.
Distribution method:
[Syndicated/Non syndicated]
16.
Calculation Agent:
[]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST 
11 The Notes are Hybrid Notes if interest and redemption amounts are calculated by reference to several Underlyings.

--- Page 266 ---
266.
WS0101.36205449.4
17.
Provisions relating to Fixed 
Rate Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the other sub-
paragraphs below)
(a) Rate of Interest:
[]% per year [payable [annually/ semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/ other (Specify)] 
in arrears]
(b) Interest Payment Date(s):
[] in each year
[non adjusted]/[Specify the Business Day 
Convention 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] and any Business Centre(s) 
applicable for the definition "Business 
Day"]]
(c) Fixed Coupon Amount(s):
€ [] per € [] Specified Denomination
(d) Broken Amount(s):
[Not 
Applicable]/[[] 
per 
Specified 
Denomination, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [Specify]]
(e) Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/365 
- 
Actual/365 
FBF 
- 
Actual/Actual ISDA]
[Actual/Actual ICMA]
[Actual/Actual FBF]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360 - 360/360 - Bond Basis]
[30/360 FBF - Actual 30A/360 (American 
Bond Basis)]
[30E/360 - Euro Bond Basis)]
[30E/360 FBF]
(f) Coupon Determination 
Dates:
[] in each year
[Specify the normal Interest Payment Dates, 
ignoring the Issue Date and the Maturity 
Date in the case of a short or long first or 
last coupon. N.B.: only applicable if the Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual - ICMA]
18.
Provisions 
relating 
to 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 267 ---
267.
WS0101.36205449.4
Floating Rate Notes:
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(a)
Floating Rate:
[] (Specify the Benchmark [EURIBOR, 
CMS Rate, TEC10, SOFR, €STR] and period 
(e.g. EURIBOR 3 months])
(b)
Interest Period(s):
[]
(c) Scheduled 
Interest 
Payment Dates:
[]
(d)First 
Interest 
Payment 
Date:
[]
(e) Interest Period Date:
[Interest Payment Date/(Specify)]
(f) Business 
Day 
Convention:
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention/Non adjusted]
[Insert "non adjusted" if no relevant 
Business Day Convention applies for the 
purpose of determining the Coupon Amount]
(g)Business 
Centre(s) 
(Condition 5(1)):
[]/[Not Applicable]
(h)Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Coupon 
Amount(s) (if other than 
the Calculation Agent):
[]/[Calculation Agent]
(i) Method for determination 
of the Floating Rate:
[FBF Determination/ISDA Determination/ 
Screen Rate Determination]
(j) FBF Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

Floating Rate
[]

Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
Date
[]
(k)ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

--- Page 268 ---
268.
WS0101.36205449.4

Floating 
Rate 
Option
[]
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option 
included in the Floating Rate Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions))

Designated 
Maturity
[]

Reset Date
[]/In 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
5.3(c)(ii)(C)
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the 
first day of the interest period)

Compounding:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items 
of this subparagraph)

Compounding 
Method:
[Compounding with Lookback
Compounding with Lookback Period: [[•] 
Applicable Business Days]/[As specified in 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as 
defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]]
[Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift Compounding with Observation Shift 
Period: [[•] Observation Period Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]]
[Compounding with Lockout
Compounding with Lockout Period: [[•] 
Lockout 
Period 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)]]
[OIS Compounding]]

ISDA Definitions:
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions]/[2021 
ISDA 
Definitions]
(l) Screen 
Rate 
Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

--- Page 269 ---
269.
WS0101.36205449.4

Benchmark
[EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/TEC10/SOFR/€STR]

Interest 
Determination 
Date
[[] [[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency]] / [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) (if SOFR)] prior 
to [the first calendar day in each Interest 
Period/each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date]][, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention].]]

Relevant Time
[]

Coupon 
Determination 
Date(s)
[]

Principal 
Source 
for the Floating 
Rate
[Screen Page/Reference Banks]

Screen Page
[]/[Not Applicable] [In the case of SOFR, 
delete this paragraph]

Reference Banks
[Specify four institutions]/[In accordance 
with Condition 5.1]/[Not Applicable] [In the 
case of SOFR, delete this paragraph]

Relevant Financial 
Centre
[]/[In accordance with Condition 5.1]

Representative 
Amount
[]/[In accordance with Condition 5.1]

Effective Date
[]/[In accordance with Condition 5.1]

Specified Duration
[]/[Interest 
Accrual 
Period 
ignoring 
adjustments]

[Calculation 
Method:
[Include where the Relevant Rate is SOFR: 
[SOFR 
Arithmetic 
Mean]/[SOFR 
Compound: [SOFR Compound with Look-
Back]/[SOFR Compound with Observation 
Period Shift]/[SOFR Index with Observation 
Shift]]]

[SOFR Look-Back 
Period:
[[specify] [U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days]/[T2 Business Days]/[As per 
the Conditions]/[Not applicable]]
(Include where the Relevant Rate is SOFR 
(where the Calculation Method is SOFR

--- Page 270 ---
270.
WS0101.36205449.4
Compound: SOFR Compound with Look-
Back) and ensure that any Early Redemption 
Amounts include amounts in respect of 
accrued interest.)]

[Observation Shift 
Days:
[[specify] U.S. Government Securities 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
the 
Conditions]/[Not applicable]]
(Include where the Relevant Rate is SOFR 
and the Calculation Method is SOFR 
Compound: SOFR with Observation Period 
Shift or SOFR Index with Observation Shift)

[SOFR 
Cut-Off 
Date:
[As 
per 
Conditions]/[[specify] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days]/[Not applicable]]
(Include where the Relevant Rate is SOFR. 
Must apply where the Calculation Method is 
SOFR Arithmetic Mean)

[SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
Priority:
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority 
of SOFR Replacement Alternatives listed in 
Condition 6.2.3(d)(iv).]]

[Observation 
Look-Back Period:
[●] T2 Business Days] [Not Applicable]]
(only applicable in the case of €STR)
(m) Margin(s):
[+/-] []% per year
(n)Minimum 
Rate 
of 
Interest:
[[specify a positive interest rate]% per 
year/0 as per Condition 5.9(c)]
(Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed equal to zero.)
(o)Maximum 
Rate 
of 
Interest:
[Non applicable/[]% per year]
(p)Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/365 
- 
Actual/365 
FBF 
- 
Actual/Actual - ISDA]
[Actual/Actual - ICMA]
[Actual/Actual - FBF]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis]

--- Page 271 ---
271.
WS0101.36205449.4
[30/360 
– 
FBF 
or 
Actual 
30A/360 
(American Bond Basis)]
[30E/360 or Euro Bond Basis)]
[30E/360 - FBF]
19.
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Issuer Change of 
Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(b)
Automatic Change 
of Interest Basis:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(c)
Rate 
of 
Interest 
applicable to the 
Interest 
Periods 
preceding 
the 
Switch Date or the 
Automatic Switch 
Date (excluded):
Determined in accordance with [Condition 
5.2, as though the Note was a Fixed Rate 
Note]/ [Condition 5.3, as though the Note 
was a Floating Rate Note] with further 
variables set out in item [●] of these Final 
Terms
(d)
Rate 
of 
Interest 
applicable to the 
Interest 
Periods 
following 
the 
Switch Date or the 
Automatic Switch 
Date (included):
Determined in accordance with [Condition 
5.2, as though the Note was a Fixed Rate 
Note]/ [Condition 5.3, as though the Note 
was a Floating Rate Note] with further 
variables set out in item [●] of these Final 
Terms
(e)
Switch Date:
[●]
(f)
Automatic Switch 
Date: 
[●]
(g)
Minimum 
notice 
period required for 
notice 
from 
the 
Issuer:
[[●] Business Days prior to the [Switch 
Date] / [(for Automatic Change of Interest)] 
[Not Applicable]]
20.
Provisions relating to Zero 
Coupon Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(a)
Amortisation Yield:
[]% per year
(b)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/365 
- 
Actual/365 
FBF 
- 
Actual/Actual - ISDA]
[Actual/Actual - ICMA]

--- Page 272 ---
272.
WS0101.36205449.4
[Actual/Actual - FBF]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis]
[30/360 – FBF or Actual 30A/360 
(American Bond Basis)]
[30E/360 or Euro Bond Basis)]
[30E/360 - FBF]
21.
Interest 
Rate 
provisions 
applicable 
to 
Underlying 
Linked Notes:
[Not 
Applicable]/[(If 
relevant, 
for 
Underlying Linked Notes)
The Rate of Interest shall be calculated in 
accordance with the Coupon Payout (refer 
to paragraph 22 below)
Interest Payment Date(s): []]
22.
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Automatic 
Interest 
Basis 
Conversion and Automatic 
Interest Rate Conversion:
(a)
Automatic 
Interest 
Basis Conversion:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

Converted 
Interest 
Basis
[]

Notice of Automatic 
Interest 
Basis 
Conversion
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(b)Automatic 
Interest 
Rate 
Conversion:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

Converted 
Interest 
Rate 
[]

Notice of Automatic 
Interest 
Rate 
Conversion
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(c) Interest Conversion Date:
[]

--- Page 273 ---
273.
WS0101.36205449.4
(d)Interest Conversion Event:
(Specify ["greater"/"greater than or equal 
to"/"lower than"/"lower than or equal to" 
the SPS Interest Conversion Level])
(e) SPS 
Interest 
Conversion 
Level:
[]
(f) SPS 
Interest 
Conversion 
Valuation Date(s):
[] (Specify one or more dates for a SPS 
Interest Conversion Valuation Period)
(g)SPS 
Interest 
Conversion 
Valuation Period:
[]
(h)Maximum 
Number 
of 
Interest Conversions:
[]
(i) SPS 
Interest 
Conversion 
Value:
[]
23.
Coupon Payouts:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(If applicable, insert one of the following:
[SPS Fixed Coupon: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Digital Coupon: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Snowball Digital Coupon: [] (Insert 
formula, relevant values and other related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Accrual Digital Coupon: [] (Insert 
formula, relevant values and other related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Stellar Coupon: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Cappuccino Coupon: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]

--- Page 274 ---
274.
WS0101.36205449.4
[Ratchet Coupon: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Driver Coupon: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Sum Coupon: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Min Coupon: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Max Coupon: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[FI Digital Coupon: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Range Accrual Coupon: [] (Insert 
formula, relevant values and other related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Combination Floater Coupon: [] (Insert 
formula, relevant values and other related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[PRDC Coupon: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[FI Digital Floor Coupon: [] (Insert 
formula, relevant values and other related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[FI Digital Cap Coupon: [] (Insert 
formula, relevant values and other related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[FI Target Coupon: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related

--- Page 275 ---
275.
WS0101.36205449.4
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
24.
Additional provisions relating 
to Inflation Index Linked 
Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(a)
Calculation Agent
[]
(b)Index Sponsor:
[]
(c) Index /Indices:
[]
(d)Determination Date:
[]
(e) Trade Date:
[]
(f) Cut-Off Date:
[3 business days prior to any Determination 
Date]/[]
(g)Related Bond:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
If applicable: []/Fall-Back Bond]
(h)Fall-Back Bond:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i) Related Bond Redemption 
Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(j) Additional 
Disruption 
Event:
[Not Applicable]/[Change in Law/ Hedging 
Disruption/ Increased Cost of Hedging]
25.
Additional provisions relating 
to Index Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(a)
Calculation Agent:
[]
(b)Index Sponsor:
[]
(c) Index (Indices):
[]
(d)Composite Index /Indices
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(e) Trade Date:
[]
(f) Knock-In Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Knock-In 
Barrier]/ ["within" the Knock-In Tunnel])
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-

--- Page 276 ---
276.
WS0101.36205449.4
paragraphs)

SPS Knock-In
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-In Tunnel
[]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Value 
[]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Valuation Time
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In Barrier
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[]

Trading 
Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Date
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[]

Trading 
Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(g)Knock-Out Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Knock-Out 
Barrier]/["within" the Knock-Out Tunnel])
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

SPS Knock-Out
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-Out Tunnel
[]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Value
[]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Valuation Time
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

--- Page 277 ---
277.
WS0101.36205449.4

Knock-Out Barrier
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[]

Trading 
Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Date
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[]

Trading 
Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(h)Weighting:
[]
(i) Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Automatic 
Early Redemption Level])
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

SPS AER
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount
[[](Specify 
an 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Payout)]/ [In accordance with 
the Conditions]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)
[] (Specify one or more dates falling in 
an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period)

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Period
[]

SPS AER Value
[]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s)
[]

--- Page 278 ---
278.
WS0101.36205449.4

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level
[]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate
[]
(j) Exchange:
[]
(k)Additional 
Disruption 
Event:
[Change 
in 
Law/Hedging 
Disruption/Increased 
Cost 
of 
Hedging/Increased 
Cost 
of 
Stock 
Borrow/Loss of Stock Borrow]
(l) Protected 
Capital 
Termination Amount:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(m)
Cut-Off Date:
[]/[3 business days prior to any 
Determination Date]
(n)Averaging Date:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Omission
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Postponement
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Modified 
Postponement
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(o)Determination Date(s):
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(p)Valuation Date:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(q)Valuation Time:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(r) Strike Date:
[]
(s) Strike Period:
[]
(t) Observation Date:
[]
(u)Exchange Business Day:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(v)Trading Day:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(w)
Related Exchange:
[Specify/All Exchanges]
(x)Maximum 
Number 
of 
Disrupted Days:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(y)Screen Page:
[Specify]
(z) Relative 
Performance 
Basket:
The Final Redemption Amount shall be 
determined by reference to the [best 
performing]/[worst 
performing] 
Index 
/[]

--- Page 279 ---
279.
WS0101.36205449.4
(aa)
Index 
Correction 
Period:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(bb)
Observation Period:
[]
(cc)
Settlement Price:
[In 
accordance 
with 
the 
Conditions]/[Specify]
(dd)
Averaging:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(ee)
Initial 
Stock 
Loan 
Rate:
[]
(ff)
Maximum 
Stock 
Loan Rate:
[]
(gg) Deferred 
Redemption 
following 
an 
Index 
Adjustment Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(hh) Deferred 
Redemption 
following an Additional 
Disruption Event
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
26.
Additional provisions relating 
to Strategy Index Linked 
Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(a)
Calculation Agent:
[]
(b)Strategy 
Index/Strategy 
Indices:
[]
(c) Index Sponsor:
[]
(d)Trade Date:
[]
(e) Deferred 
Redemption 
following a Strategy Index 
Adjustment Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(f) Strategy 
Index 
Business 
Day:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify [Single Strategy 
Index Basis/All Strategy Indices Basis /Per 
Strategy Index Basis]/[In accordance with 
the Conditions])
(g)Scheduled Strategy Index 
Business Day:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify [Single Strategy 
Index Basis/All Strategy Indices Basis /Per 
Strategy Index Basis]/[In accordance with 
the Conditions])

--- Page 280 ---
280.
WS0101.36205449.4
(h)Strategy Index Adjustment 
Amount:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(i) Deferred 
Redemption 
following an Additional 
Disruption Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(j) Knock-In Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Knock-In 
Barrier]/["within" the Knock-In Tunnel])
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

SPS Knock-In
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-In Tunnel
[]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Value 
[]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Valuation Time
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In Barrier
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[]

Scheduled 
Strategy 
Index Business Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Date
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[]

Scheduled 
Strategy 
Index Business Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(k)Knock-Out Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/

--- Page 281 ---
281.
WS0101.36205449.4
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Knock-Out 
Barrier]/["within" the Knock-Out Tunnel])
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

SPS Knock-Out
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-Out Tunnel
[]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Value
[]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Valuation Time
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out Barrier
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[]

Scheduled 
Strategy 
Index Business Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Date
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[]

Scheduled 
Strategy 
Index Business Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(l) Weighting:
[]
(m) Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Automatic 
Early Redemption Level])
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

--- Page 282 ---
282.
WS0101.36205449.4

SPS AER
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount
[](Specify 
an 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Payout)/ [In accordance with 
the Conditions]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)
[] (Specify one or more dates for an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period)

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Period
[]

SPS AER Value
[]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s)
[]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level
[]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate
[]
(n)Additional 
Disruption 
Event:
[Change in Law/Force Majeure Event/ 
Hedging Disruption/ Increased Cost of 
Hedging/ 
Increased 
Cost 
of 
Stock 
Borrow/Loss of Stock Borrow]
(o)Protected 
Capital 
Termination Amount:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(p)Cut-Off Date
[]/[3 business days prior to any 
Determination Date]
(q)Averaging Date:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(r) Valuation Date:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(s) Strike Date:
[]
(t) Observation Date:
[]
(u)Maximum 
Number 
of 
Disrupted Days:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(v)Relative 
Performance 
Basket:
The Final Redemption Amount shall be 
determined by reference to the [best 
performing]/[worst performing] Strategy 
Index /[]
(w) Strategy Index Correction 
Period:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(x)Observation Period:
[]

--- Page 283 ---
283.
WS0101.36205449.4
(y)Strike Price:
[In 
accordance 
with 
the 
Conditions]/[Specify]
(z) Settlement Price:
[In 
accordance 
with 
the 
Conditions]/[Specify]
(aa) Averaging:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(bb) Initial Stock Loan Rate:
[]
(cc) Maximum 
Stock 
Loan 
Rate:
[]
27.
Additional provisions relating 
to Equity Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(a)
Share(s):
[]
(b)Calculation Agent:
[]
(c) Relevant Asset:
[]
(d)Weighting:
[]
(e) Physical Delivery Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(f) Deliverable 
Number 
of 
Shares:
[]
(g)Extraordinary Events:

Liquidity Shortfall
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Change in Listing
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Listing Suspension
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(h)Averaging:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i) Deferred 
Redemption 
following 
an 
Extraordinary Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(j) Deferred 
Redemption 
following an Additional 
Disruption Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(k)Knock-In Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Knock-In 
Barrier]/["within" the Knock-In Tunnel]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-

--- Page 284 ---
284.
WS0101.36205449.4
paragraphs)

SPS Knock-In
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-In Tunnel
[]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Value 
[]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Valuation Time
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In Barrier
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[]

Trading 
Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Date
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[]

Trading 
Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(l) Knock-Out Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Knock-Out 
Barrier]/"within" the Knock-Out Tunnel])
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

SPS Knock-Out
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-Out Tunnel
[]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Value
[]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Valuation Time
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

--- Page 285 ---
285.
WS0101.36205449.4

Knock-Out Barrier
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[]

Trading 
Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Date
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[]

Trading 
Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable
(m) Weighting:
[]
(n)Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Automatic 
Early Redemption Level]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

SPS AER
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount
[] 
(Specify 
an 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Payout)/ [In accordance with 
the Conditions]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)
[] (Specify one or more dates for an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period)

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Period
[]

SPS AER Value
[]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s) 
[]

--- Page 286 ---
286.
WS0101.36205449.4

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level
[]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate
[]
(o)Exchange:
[]
(p)Additional 
Disruption 
Event:
[Change in Law/Failure to Deliver/ 
Hedging Disruption/ Increased Cost of 
Hedging/ Increased Cost of Stock Borrow/ 
Insolvency Filing/Stop-Loss Event/ Loss of 
Stock Borrow]
(q)Protected 
Capital 
Termination Amount:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(r) Stop-Loss Event:
[]
(s) Trade Date:
[]
(t) Cut-Off Date:
[]/[3 business days prior to any 
Determination Date]
(u)Averaging Date:
[In accordance with the Conditions]/[]

Omission
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Postponement
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Modified 
Postponement
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(v)Determination Date(s):
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(w) Valuation Date:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(x)Strike Date:
[]
(y)Observation Date:
[]
(z) Valuation Time:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(aa) Exchange Business Day:
[[Exchange Business Day (Single Share 
Basis)/Exchange Business Day (All Shares 
Basis)/Exchange Business Day (Per Share 
Basis)]/[In 
accordance 
with 
the 
Conditions]]
(bb) Trading Day:
[[Trading 
Day 
(Single 
Share 
Basis)/Trading 
Day 
(All 
Shares 
Basis)/Trading Day (Per Share Basis)]/[In 
accordance with the Conditions]]
(cc) Related Exchange:
[Specify/All Exchanges]

--- Page 287 ---
287.
WS0101.36205449.4
(dd) Maximum 
Number 
of 
Disrupted Days:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(ee) Screen Page:
[]
(ff) Relative 
Performance 
Basket:
The Final Redemption Amount shall be 
determined by reference to the [best 
performing]/[worst 
performing] 
Share 
/[]
(gg) Share Correction Period:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(hh) Observation Period:
[]
(ii)Settlement Price:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(jj)Averaging:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(kk) Basket Company:
[Specify]
(ll)Initial Stock Loan Rate:
[]
(mm)
Maximum 
Stock 
Loan Rate:
[]
(nn) Dividend Payment:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(oo) GDR/ADR:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
28.
Additional provisions relating 
to Fund Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(a)
Fund/Basket 
of 
Funds:
[Specify]

Private Equity Fund
[Not Applicable/Specify]

Hedge Fund
[Not Applicable/Specify]

Mutual Fund
[Not Applicable/Specify]
(b)Calculation Agent:
[]
(c) Commission:
[]
(d)Calculation Date:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(e) Initial Calculation Date:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(f) Final Calculation Date:
[]
(g)Hedging Date:
[]
(h)Trade Date:
[]

--- Page 288 ---
288.
WS0101.36205449.4
(i) Termination Date:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(j) Delayed Payment Cut-Off 
Date:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(k)Fund Business Day:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(l) Simple Interest Spread:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(m) ISDA Definitions:
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA 
Definitions]/[Not Applicable]
(n)Protected Amount:
[]
(o)Termination Amount:
[]/[Protected 
Capital 
Termination 
Amount]/ 
[Unprotected 
Capital 
Termination Amount]
(p)Number of NAV Publication 
Days:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(q)Relative 
Performance 
Basket:
The Final Redemption Amount shall be 
determined by reference to the [best 
performing]/[worst performing] Unit of the 
Fund/[]
(r) Fund Units:
[Specify]/[In 
accordance 
with 
the 
Conditions]
(s) NAV Trigger Period:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(t) NAV Trigger Percentage:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(u)Fund Service Provider:
[Specify]/[In 
accordance 
with 
the 
Conditions]
(v)Deferred 
Redemption 
following 
a 
Fund 
Disruption Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(w) Net Asset Threshold:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(x)Basket Trigger Threshold:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
29.
Commodity Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(a)
Commodity(ies)/ 
Commodity 
Index 
(Indices):
[]
(b)Index Sponsor:
[]
(c) Pricing Date:
[]

--- Page 289 ---
289.
WS0101.36205449.4
(d)Initial Pricing Date:
[]
(e) Final Pricing Date:
[]
(f) Commodity 
Reference 
Price:
[]
(g)Delivery Date:
[]/ [Not Applicable]
(h)Nearby Month:
[]/ [Not Applicable]
(i) Specified Price:
[]
(j) Trade Date:
[]
(k)Commodity 
Correction 
Period:
[]
(l) Disruption Fallback:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(m) Maximum 
Number 
of 
Disrupted Days:
[]/[Five Commodity Business Days]
(n)Exchange:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(o)
Knock-In Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Knock-In 
Barrier]/["within" the Knock-In Tunnel])
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

SPS Knock-In
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-In Tunnel
[]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Value 
[]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Valuation Time
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In Barrier
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[]

Commodity Trading 
Day Convention - 
Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 290 ---
290.
WS0101.36205449.4

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Date
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[]

Commodity Trading 
Day Convention - 
Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(p)
Knock-Out Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Knock-Out 
Barrier]/["within" the Knock-Out Tunnel])
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

SPS Knock-Out
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-Out Tunnel
[]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Value
[]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Valuation Time
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out Barrier
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[]

Commodity Trading 
Day Convention - 
Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Date
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[]

Commodity Trading 
Day Convention - 
Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 291 ---
291.
WS0101.36205449.4
Date
(q)
Relative 
Performance 
Basket:
The Final Redemption Amount shall be 
determined by reference to the [best 
performing]/[worst 
performing] 
Commodity/Commodity Index /[]
(r)
Weighting:
[]
(s)
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Automatic 
Early Redemption Level])
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

SPS AER
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount
[] 
(Specify 
an 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Payout)/ [In accordance with 
the Conditions]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)
[] (Specify one or more dates for an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period)

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Period
[]

SPS AER Value
[]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s)
[]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level
[]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate
[]
(t)
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Event:
[Not Applicable]/[Change in Law/ Hedging 
Disruption]
30.
FX Linked Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(a)
Base 
Currency(ies)/Subject 
Currency(ies):
[]

--- Page 292 ---
292.
WS0101.36205449.4
(b)
Deferred 
Redemption 
following a Disruption 
Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
[If applicable:
(c)
Protected 
Capital 
Termination Amount:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(d)
Price Source:
[]
(e)
Maximum 
Number 
of 
Disrupted Days:
[]/[Five Scheduled Trading Days]
(f) Strike Date:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(g)Trade Date:
[]
(h)Strike Day:
[]
(i) Strike Period:
[]
(j) Valuation Date:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(k)Valuation Time:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(l) Knock-In Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Knock-In 
Barrier]/["within" the Knock-In Tunnel ])
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

SPS Knock-In
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-In Tunnel
[]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Value 
[]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Valuation Time
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In Barrier
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[]

Exchange 
Rate 
Trading 
Day 
Convention - Knock-
In Barrier Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 293 ---
293.
WS0101.36205449.4

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Date
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[]

Exchange 
Rate 
Trading 
Day 
Convention - Knock-
In Barrier Effective 
Period End Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(m) Knock-Out Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Knock-Out 
Barrier]/["within" the Knock-Out Tunnel])
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

SPS Knock-Out
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-Out Tunnel
[]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Value
[]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Valuation Time
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out Barrier
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[]

Exchange 
Rate 
Trading 
Day 
Convention - Knock-
Out Barrier Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Date
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[]

Exchange 
Rate 
Trading 
Day 
Convention - Knock-
Out Barrier Effective 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 294 ---
294.
WS0101.36205449.4
Period End Date
(n)
Relative 
Performance 
Basket:
The Final Redemption Amount shall be 
determined by reference to the [best 
performing]/[worst performing] Subject 
Currency /[]
(o)
Weighting:
[]
(p)
Consequences 
of 
a 
Disruption Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(q)
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Automatic 
Early Redemption Level])
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

SPS AER
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount
[[] 
(Specify 
an 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Payout)]/[In accordance with 
the Conditions]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)
[] (Specify one or more dates for an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period)

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Period
[]

SPS AER Value
[]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s)
[]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level
[]

SPS Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate 
[]
(r)
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Event
[]
(s)
Averaging Date
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(t)
Exchange Rate Averaging 
Date:
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
31.
Underlying 
Interest 
Rate 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 295 ---
295.
WS0101.36205449.4
Linked Notes:
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(a)
Underlying Interest Rate 
Determination Date:
[]
(b)Method for determination of 
the Interest Rate:
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ 
ISDA 
Determination]
(c) Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

Underlying 
Reference Rate
[EURIBOR/CMS 
Rate/TEC10/SOFR/€STR]

Relevant Screen Page
[]

Specified Time
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]
(d)ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

Floating Rate Option
[]

Designated Maturity
[]

Reset Date
[]

ISDA Definitions:
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA 
Definitions]
(e) Underlying Margin:
[+/-] []% per year
(f) Minimum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate:
[Not Applicable/[]% per year]
(g)Maximum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate:
[Not Applicable/[]% per year]
(h)Knock-In Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Knock-In 
Barrier]/["within" the Knock-In Tunnel])

SPS Knock-In
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-In Tunnel
[]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Value 
[]

--- Page 296 ---
296.
WS0101.36205449.4

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Valuation Time
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In Barrier
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[]

Underlying 
Interest 
Rate Trading Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Date
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[]

Underlying 
Interest 
Rate Trading Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-In 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i) Knock-Out Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Knock-Out 
Barrier]/["within" the Knock-Out Tunnel])
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

SPS Knock-Out
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-Out Tunnel
[]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Value
[]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Valuation Time
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out Barrier
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[]

--- Page 297 ---
297.
WS0101.36205449.4

Underlying 
Interest 
Rate Trading Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective 
Period 
Commencement Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Date
[]/[In accordance with the Conditions]

Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[]

Underlying 
Interest 
Rate Trading Day 
Convention for the 
Knock-Out 
Barrier 
Effective Period End 
Date
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Weighting:
[]
(j) Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, Specify ["greater than"/ 
"greater than or equal to"/ "lower than"/ 
"lower than or equal to" the Automatic 
Early Redemption Level] or [Target AER / 
FI Underlying AER / FI Coupon AER])
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

SPS AER
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount
[[] 
(Specify 
an 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Payout)]/[In accordance with 
the Conditions]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s)
[] (Specify one or more dates for an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period)

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Period
[]

SPS AER Value
[]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s)
[]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level
[]

--- Page 298 ---
298.
WS0101.36205449.4

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate
[]

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Percentage 
[]%

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Percentage Down 
[]%

Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Percentage Up 
[]%

Underlying 
Reference Level
[]

[Accrual of Interest 
up to an Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Event
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(k)Strike Date:
[]
(l) Relative 
Performance 
Basket:
The Final Redemption Amount shall be 
determined by reference to the [best 
performing]/[worst 
performing] 
Underlying Interest Rate /[]
(m) Strike Day:
[]
(n)Strike Period:
[]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PHYSICAL DELIVERY NOTES
32.
Physical Delivery Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(a)
Underlying[s]:
[]
(b)
Physical 
Delivery 
Amount:
[]/[(If relevant, for Underlying Linked 
Notes) The Physical Delivery Amount shall 
be calculated in accordance with the terms 
relating to Physical Delivery Entitlement 
Amount.]
(c)
Physical 
Delivery 
Entitlement Amount:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(If applicable, insert one of the following:

--- Page 299 ---
299.
WS0101.36205449.4
[Delivery 
of 
the 
Worst 
Performing 
Underlying: [] (Insert formula, relevant 
values and other related provisions from 
the Supplemental Payout Terms)]
[Delivery 
of 
the 
Best 
Performing 
Underlying: [] (Insert formula, relevant 
values and other related provisions from 
the Supplemental Payout Terms)]
[Rounding and Residual Amount: [] 
(Insert formula, relevant values and other 
related provisions from the Supplemental 
Payout Terms)]
SPS Valuation Date: []]
(d)
Provisions 
specifying 
whether 
transfer 
of 
Underlyings or payment of 
an amount in cash applies:
[] [As specified in the Technical Annex, 
section []]
(e)
Option 
[of 
the 
Issuer/Noteholders] 
to 
change the method of 
settlement and, if yes, 
method of exercise of the 
option and procedure for 
modifying 
settlement 
method:
[Yes [provide details or attach as 
schedule]/No]
[] [As specified in the Technical Annex, 
section []]
(f)
If settlement takes the 
form of physical transfer 
of Underlyings:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Method of transfer of 
Underlyings 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Physical 
Delivery 
Amount (other than 
delivery) 
and 
consequences 
of 
Settlement 
Disruption Event(s):
[] [As specified in the Technical Annex, 
section []]
(ii)
Transfer Notice:
[Applicable/Non applicable]
(If applicable, provide details on method 
and timing for giving Transfer Notice.)
[] [As specified in the Technical Annex, 
section []] 
(iii) Details on the manner 
in 
which 
the 
entitlement to receive 
the Physical Delivery 
[Applicable/Non applicable]
[] [As specified in the Technical Annex,

--- Page 300 ---
300.
WS0101.36205449.4
Amount 
shall 
be 
represented:
section []]
(g)
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the redemption 
amount and/or Coupon 
Amount, 
or 
Physical 
Delivery Amount (if other 
than 
the 
Calculation 
Agent):
[Applicable/Non applicable]
(If applicable, specify the name and 
address)
[] [As specified in the Technical Annex, 
section []]
(h)
Provisions applicable if 
calculation by reference to 
the Underlyings and/or 
formula is impossible or 
impracticable:
[] [As specified in the Technical Annex, 
section []]
(i)
Details 
of 
any 
other 
relevant conditions, stock 
market 
requirements/tax 
considerations (including 
contact details of the 
person 
responsible 
for 
transfer expenses):
[] [As specified in the Technical Annex, 
section []]
(j)
Method for calculating the 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount (for reasons other 
than due to redemption for 
tax reasons or event of 
default):
[] [As specified in the Technical Annex, 
section []]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
33.
Issuer Redemption Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(a)
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):
[]
(b)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) for each Note 
and, 
where 
applicable, 
method for calculating 
such amount(s):
[€[] per Note of €[] Specified 
Denomination]/[(If 
relevant, 
for 
Underlying Linked Notes) The Optional 
Redemption Amount shall be calculated in 
accordance with the Call Payout: [] 
(Insert formula, relevant values and other 
related provisions from the Supplemental 
Payout Terms)]
(c)
If redeemable in part:
[]
(i)
Minimum 
Redemption Amount:
[]

--- Page 301 ---
301.
WS0101.36205449.4
(ii)
Maximum 
Redemption Amount:
[]
(d)
Notice period (if different 
than 
specified 
in 
the 
Conditions)12
[Not Applicable/[] days (if different than 
specified in the Conditions)]
34.
Noteholder 
Redemption 
Option:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(a)
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s):
[]
(b)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) for each Note 
and, 
where 
applicable, 
method for calculating 
such amount(s):
[€[] per Note of €[] Specified 
Denomination]/[(If 
relevant, 
for 
Underlying Linked Notes) The Optional 
Redemption Amount shall be calculated in 
accordance with the Put Payout: [] 
(Insert formula, relevant values and other 
related provisions from the Supplemental 
Payout Terms)]
(c)
Notice period (if different 
than 
specified 
in 
the 
Conditions)13
[Not Applicable/[] days (if different than 
specified in the Conditions)]
35.
Final Redemption Amount
[€[] per Note of €[] Specified 
Denomination]]/[(where applicable, for 
Underlying Linked Notes) The Final 
Redemption Amount shall be calculated in 
accordance with the Final Payout]
36.
Final Payout:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(If applicable, insert one of the following:
[SPS Fixed Percentage Notes
[] (Insert formula, relevant values and 
other 
related 
provisions 
from 
the 
Supplemental Payout Terms)]
[SPS Reverse Convertible Notes 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Notes: [] 
12 If notice periods are different to those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of additional means of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.
13 If notice periods are different to those provided in the Terms and Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities 
of additional means of distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent.

--- Page 302 ---
302.
WS0101.36205449.4
(Insert formula, relevant values and other 
related provisions from the Supplemental 
Payout Terms)]
[SPS Reverse Convertible Standard 
Notes: [] (Insert formula, relevant values 
and other related provisions from the 
Supplemental Payout Terms)]]
[SPS Vanilla Products:
[Vanilla Call Notes: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Vanilla Call Spread Notes: [] (Insert 
formula, relevant values and other related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Vanilla Put Notes: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Vanilla Put Spread Notes: [] (Insert 
formula, relevant values and other related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Vanilla Digital Notes: [] (Insert 
formula, relevant values and other related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[[Knock-In/Knock-Out] 
Vanilla 
Call 
Notes: [] (Insert formula, relevant values 
and other related provisions from the 
Supplemental Payout Terms)]]
[Asianing Products 
[Asian Notes: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Capped Asian Notes: [] (Insert 
formula, relevant values and other related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Himalaya Notes: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout

--- Page 303 ---
303.
WS0101.36205449.4
Terms)]]
[Autocall Notes: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Autocall One Touch Notes: [] (Insert 
formula, relevant values and other related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Autocall Standard Notes: [] (Insert 
formula, relevant values and other related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]]
[Indexation products
[Booster Notes: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Bonus Notes: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Leveraged Notes: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Twin Win Notes: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Sprinter Notes: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)
[Generic Notes: [] (Insert formula, 
relevant 
values 
and 
other 
related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Digital-A Generic Notes: [] (Insert 
formula, relevant values and other related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout 
Terms)]
[Digital-B Generic Notes: [] (Insert 
formula, relevant values and other related 
provisions from the Supplemental Payout

--- Page 304 ---
304.
WS0101.36205449.4
Terms)]]
[Ratchet Notes:
[] (Insert formula, relevant values and 
other 
related 
provisions 
from 
the 
Supplemental Payout Terms)]
[Sum Notes:
[] (Insert formula, relevant values and 
other 
related 
provisions 
from 
the 
Supplemental Payout Terms)]
[Max Notes:
[] (Insert formula, relevant values and 
other 
related 
provisions 
from 
the 
Supplemental Payout Terms)]
[Maximum 
Final 
Payout: 
[]/Not 
applicable]
[Minimum 
Final 
Payout: 
[]/Not 
applicable]
[FI FX Vanilla Notes:
[] (Insert formula, relevant values and 
other 
related 
provisions 
from 
the 
Supplemental Payout Terms)]
[FI Digital Floor Notes:
[] (Insert formula, relevant values and 
other 
related 
provisions 
from 
the 
Supplemental Payout Terms)]
[FI Digital Cap Notes:
[] (Insert formula, relevant values and 
other 
related 
provisions 
from 
the 
Supplemental Payout Terms)]
[FI Digital Plus Notes:
[] (Insert formula, relevant values and 
other 
related 
provisions 
from 
the 
Supplemental Payout Terms)]
[FI Inflation Linked Notes:
[] (Insert formula, relevant values and 
other 
related 
provisions 
from 
the 
Supplemental Payout Terms)]

--- Page 305 ---
305.
WS0101.36205449.4
37.
Automatic 
Final 
Payment 
Formula Conversion
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)

Switched 
Redemption/Payment 
Basis
[]

Final 
Payout 
Switch 
Notice
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Final Payout Switch Date
[]

Final Payout Switch Event
(Specify ["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/ "lower than"/"lower than or 
equal to" the Final Payout Switch Level])

Final Payout Switch Level
[]

Final 
Payout 
Switch 
Valuation Date(s)
[] (Specify one or more dates for a Final 
Payout Switch Valuation Period)

Final 
Payout 
Switch 
Valuation Period
[]

Automatic Final Payout 
Switch
[]

Final Payout Switch Value
[]
38.
Provisions 
relating 
to 
Redemption by Instalment 
Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs)
(a)
Instalment Date(s):
[]
(b)
Instalment Amount(s) for 
each Note and, where 
applicable, 
method 
of 
calculation 
of 
such 
amount(s):
€[] per Note of €[] Specified 
Denomination
39.
Early Redemption Amount:
(a)
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) for each Note 
payable on redemption for 
tax reasons (Condition 
6.6), 
for 
Illegality 
(Condition 6.11) or upon 
Event 
of 
Default 
(Condition 9):
[]
(b)
Redemption 
for 
tax 
reasons on dates other than 
[]

--- Page 306 ---
306.
WS0101.36205449.4
Interest Payment Dates:
(c)
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(for reasons other than 
those referred to in (a) 
above) for each Note:
[In accordance with the Conditions]/[The 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall 
be calculated in accordance with the 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout: [] 
(Insert formula, relevant values and other 
related provisions from the Supplemental 
Payout Terms)]
(d)
Market 
Value 
Less 
Expenses:
[]/[Not Applicable]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
40.
Form of the Notes:
(a)
Form of the Notes:
Dematerialised 
Notes 
[bearer/ 
[fully][administered] 
registered 
(au 
porteur/au nominatif pur/au nominatif 
administré)]
(b)
Registration Agent:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If applicable, provide the name and 
contact details) (Note that a Registration 
Agent only needs to be appointed for fully 
registered 
(au 
nominatif 
pur) 
dematerialised Notes)
41.
Financial Centres relating to 
payment 
dates 
for 
the 
purposes of Condition 7.4:
[Not Applicable/Specify.] (Note that this 
point refers to the date and place for 
payment and not interest period end dates)
42.
Provisions relating to Partly 
Paid Notes (Condition 6.7) : 
amount of each payment 
including the Issue Price and 
the date on which each 
payment must be made and 
the consequences, if any, of 
payment default, including 
the right of the Issuer to 
withhold 
the 
Notes 
and 
related interest thereon due to 
delay in payment:
[Not Applicable/Specify]
43.
Noteholder 
representation 
("Masse") (Condition 11):
The names and contact details of the titular 
Representative of the Masse are:
[]
The names and contact details of the 
alternate Representative of the Masse are:

--- Page 307 ---
307.
WS0101.36205449.4
[]
The Representative of the Masse [shall 
receive a fee of €[] per year for 
performing his functions/shall not receive 
any fee for performing his functions.]
44.
Possibility 
to 
request 
identification information of 
the Noteholders pursuant to 
Article L. 228-2 of the French 
Code de commerce
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]
45.
The 
aggregate 
principal 
amount of Notes issued has 
been converted into Euros at 
a rate of [●], producing the 
sum of [●] (only for Notes 
denominated 
in 
currencies 
other than Euros):
[]/[Not Applicable]
[PURPOSE OF THE FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and admission to trading on [specify 
the relevant regulated market] of the Notes described herein] pursuant to the €5,000,000,000 Euro 
Medium Term Note Programme of Banque Palatine.]
RESPONSIBILITY
[Surname and first name of the individual responsible] accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in these Final Terms. [[(Third party information)] has been extracted from (specify 
source). [Surname and first name of the individual responsible] confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as [surname and first name of the individual responsible] 
is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]14
Signed for and on behalf of Banque Palatine:
By: ____________________________
Duly authorised
14 To be included if information is derived from a third party, for example, an index or its components, an underlying or the issuer 
of an underlying pursuant to Annex XVII of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 as amended.

--- Page 308 ---
308.
WS0101.36205449.4
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(a)
Listing:
[Euronext Paris/other (Specify)/None]
(b)
(i) Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by (or on 
behalf of) the Issuer for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [specify the 
relevant regulated market] as from 
[].] [Application may be made by 
(or on behalf of) the Issuer for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext 
Paris]/[specify 
another 
relevant regulated market] as from 
[].]/[Not Applicable]
(ii) Regulated Markets or 
equivalent 
markets 
on 
which, 
to 
the 
Issuer’s 
knowledge, Notes of the 
same category as the Notes 
to be admitted to trading 
have already been admitted 
to trading:
[The Existing Notes are admitted to 
trading on [●]/Not Applicable] (Where 
documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that the Existing Notes are 
already admitted to trading.)
(c)
[Estimated total expenses 
relating to admission to 
trading:
[[]/Not Applicable]]15
2. RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes being issued have been rated:
[S&P: []]
[Moody's: []]
[Fitch: []]
[[Other]: []]
[Each of these rating agencies is established in 
the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 of 16 September 
2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and 
is included in the list of registered rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk), in accordance with the 
15 Required only for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 309 ---
309.
WS0101.36205449.4
CRA Regulation.]
[[Insert credit rating agency] is established in 
the European Union and has applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation"), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent 
authority. In general, European regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered the CRA 
Regulation unless the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency operating in the European 
Union before 7 June 2010 which has submitted 
an application for registration in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation and such registration is not 
refused.]/
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established 
in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"CRA 
Regulation"), but is endorsed by [insert credit 
rating agency] which is established in the 
European Union, registered under the CRA 
Regulation and included in the list of registered 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu) in accordance with CRA 
Regulation.]/
[[Insert credit rating agency] is not established 
in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No 
1060/2009, as amended.]
[In accordance with the CRA Regulation (as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by the 
Credit Rating Agencies (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019 (the "UK CRA Regulation")), the 
rating assigned to the Notes by [Insert credit rating 
agency] will be endorsed by [Insert credit rating 
agency], being a credit rating agency established in the 
United Kingdom and included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the Financial Conduct 
Authority on its website 
(https://data.fca.orguk/#/cra/cradetails) in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation.]
(Need to include a brief explanation of the

--- Page 310 ---
310.
WS0101.36205449.4
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider)
3. [NOTIFICATION
The Autorité des marchés financiers, which is the competent authority in France for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, has been requested to provide / The Autorité des 
marchés financiers, which is the competent authority in France for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation, has provided (include the first alternative for an issue which is 
contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the Programme and the second 
alternative for subsequent issues)] the [include the name of the competent authority of the 
host Member State] with a certificate of approval certifying that the Base Prospectus has 
been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.]
4. [THIRD 
PARTY 
INFORMATION, 
STATEMENTS 
BY 
EXPERTS 
AND 
DECLARATIONS OF INTEREST16
If any advisers are mentioned in these Final Terms, specify the capacity in which they have 
acted.
Specify any other information referred to in the Final Terms which has been the subject of 
an audit or review by the statutory auditors and on which the statutory auditors have issued 
a report. Insert the report or, if the relevant competent authority so permits, a summary of 
the report.
Where a statement or report attributed to a person as an expert is included in these Final 
Terms in respect of the Issuer or the Notes, provide such person's name, business address, 
qualifications and material interest if any in the Issuer. If the statement or report has been 
produced at the Issuer's request, include a statement to the effect that such statement or 
report is included, in the form and context in which it is included, with the consent of that 
person who has authorised the contents of that part in respect of the Issuer or the Notes.
Where information has been sourced from a third party, provide a confirmation that this 
information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.
In addition, the Issuer shall identify the source(s) of the information.]
5. [INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
The purpose of this section is to describe any interest, including any conflicting interest, 
that is material to the issue, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. 
This may be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: "Unless otherwise 
indicated in the section "Subscription and sale", as far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the issue or offering of the 
Notes".[(When adding any other information, consideration should be given as to whether 
such information would constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the 
need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation)]]
16 Note that certain regulatory authorities may require this information to be inserted even where the nominal value of the Notes is 
equal to or greater than €100,000.

--- Page 311 ---
311.
WS0101.36205449.4
6. REASONS FOR THE OFFER[,]/[AND] ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS [AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES]
(a)
Reasons for the offer:
[]
(Refer to the section "Use of Proceeds" of the 
Base Prospectus - if the reasons for the offer 
are other than to finance the Issuer’s 
business, the reasons must be specified) 
(b)
Estimated net proceeds:
(If the proceeds of the issue are to be used for 
more than one purpose, the estimated net 
proceeds must be split in accordance with the 
proposed uses and presented in decreasing 
order of priority. If the Issuer is aware that 
the estimated net proceeds will not be 
sufficient to finance all proposed uses, the 
amount and source of additional funding 
must be specified.)
(c)
[Estimated total expenses:
[Expenses to be borne by the investor are 
estimated to be [].]/[Not applicable, no 
expenses shall be borne by the investor.]]17
7. [Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD
Yield:
[]
[(Applicable only in the case of offers of the 
Notes to retail investors in France) Yield 
spread of [] % compared to equivalent 
duration French treasury bonds (Obligations 
Assimilables du Trésor).]
8. [Floating Rate Notes only – INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES
Historic 
Interest 
Rates:
Details of historic [EURIBOR / CMS Rate / 
TEC10 / SOFR / €STR] may be obtained, 
[but not] free of charge, from [•] (give details 
of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance).]
9.
[Notes linked to a Benchmark only - BENCHMARK
[Not Applicable]/[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to 
[specify the applicable benchmark] which is provided by [•]. As at [•], [•] [appears/does 
not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by [the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 as amended (the "Benchmarks Regulation")]/[the Financial Conduct 
Authority in the United Kingdom pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK BMR")]. [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the [Benchmarks Regulation]/[UK 
17 Not required for Notes with a denomination per unit of at least €100,000.

--- Page 312 ---
312.
WS0101.36205449.4
BMR] apply, such that [•] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration.] [As far as the Issuer is aware, [SOFR]/[€STR] does not fall within the 
scope of the [Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of its Article 2]/[and/or UK BMR], such 
that the administrator of [SOFR]/[€STR] is not currently required to obtain authorization 
or registration].]
10.  [Underlying Linked Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING (INDEX/ 
FORMULA/ OTHER VARIABLE) EXPLANATION OF ITS EFFECT ON THE 
VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING 
Details of past and future performance and volatility of (specify the Underlying) may be 
obtained from (Specify source).]
This section must include sources from which information on past and future performance 
of the relevant Underlying and volatility may be obtained. Where the underlying is an 
index, provide the name and description of the index, whether it is compiled by the Issuer, 
and, if not, the source from which information on the index may be obtained. Include any 
other information relating to the underlying required under paragraph 2.2 of Annex XVII 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 as amended.
[(When completing this paragraph, consideration should be given as to whether such 
information would constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]]
11. [Derivative Instruments only – YIELD ON DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING18
YIELD ON DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS 
Yield on the derivative instruments:
[Describe 
arrangements 
concerning 
proceeds of financial instruments.] 
Date of payment or delivery:
[]
Calculation method:
[]
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING 
Strike price or final reference price of 
the underlying:
[]

specify the sources from which 
information on past and future 
performance of the underlying 
and volatility may be obtained:
[]

where the underlying is a 
security:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Name of issuer of the security:
[]
18 For derivative instruments to which Annex XVII of Commission Delegated (EU) Regulation n°2019/980 as amended applies, 
please instead complete paragraph 12 below: explanation of the effect on the value of the investment, yield on derivative 
instruments and information relating to the underlying.

--- Page 313 ---
313.
WS0101.36205449.4
ISIN 
Code 
(international 
securities identification number) 
or any other code:
[]

where the underlying is an 
index:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
name 
of 
the 
index 
and 
description if compiled by the 
Issuer. If the index is not 
compiled by the Issuer, the 
source from which information 
on the index may be obtained:
[]

where the underlying is an 
interest rate:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
description of the interest rate:
[]

other:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
where the underlying does not 
fall in any of the above 
categories, the Final Terms must 
contain equivalent information:
[]

where the underlying is a basket 
of underlying instruments:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Disclosure for each underlying 
as described above :
Weighting assigned to each item 
in the basket:
[]
[]
POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION ON THE UNDERLYING 
The Issuer shall not provide any post-issuance information, unless required under 
applicable laws or regulations.
[If post-issuance information must be provided, specify which information shall be 
provided and where it may be obtained.]
12. OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code:
[]
LEI:
EJ3P8B7HPQFKAH6YME79
Common Code:
[]
Depositaries:
[]
(a) Euroclear France acting as Central 
Depositary:
[Yes/No]

--- Page 314 ---
314.
WS0101.36205449.4
(b)Common 
Depositary 
for 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream 
Banking S.A.:
[Yes/No]
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank and Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A. 
and 
relevant 
identification numbers:
[Not 
Applicable/provide 
name(s), 
number(s) and address(es))]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of payment]
Name(s) and address(es) of initial 
Paying Agents appointed for the 
Notes:
[Banque Palatine 86 rue de Courcelles 
75008 Paris]
Name(s) and address(es) of additional 
Paying Agents appointed for the 
Notes (if any):
[]
13. DISTRIBUTION
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses] of Syndicate Members 
and underwriting commitments:
[Not Applicable/provide the names 
[and 
where 
the 
specified 
denomination is less than €100,000, 
the addresses and main terms of the 
agreements entered into (including 
quotas) and, where applicable, the 
fraction 
of 
the 
issue 
not 
underwritten] of the Dealers and 
[specify the Lead Manager]]
(a)
Date 
of 
underwriting 
agreement:
[Not Applicable/ (If the specified 
denomination is less than €100,000, 
specify the date)]
(b)
Name and address of entities 
that have agreed to act as 
authorised intermediaries on 
the secondary market by 
providing bid/ask liquidity 
and description of the main 
terms of their undertaking:
[Not 
Applicable/Name(s), 
address(es) and description]
(c)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any):
[Not Applicable/specify name(s)]
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of Dealer:
[Not Applicable/ specify name]
Total 
commissions 
and 
concessions:
[Not Applicable/ If the specified 
denomination is less than €100,000, 
specify the amounts]
Non-Exempt Offer 
[Not Applicable]/[An offer of Notes 
may be made by [the Dealer/ 
Syndicate Members] [and (specify if

--- Page 315 ---
315.
WS0101.36205449.4
applicable)] other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in (Specify the relevant 
Member State– which must be a 
jurisdiction where the Prospectus 
and any supplements thereto have 
been 
passported) 
(the 
"Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s)") 
during the period from [] to [] 
(Specify the dates) (the "Offer 
Period"). For more details, see 
paragraph 15 of Part B below.]
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Not Applicable/Applicable]
(If the Notes do not constitute 
"packaged" 
products, 
"Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified. For the purpose of the 
above, a "packaged" product shall 
designate 
a 
"packaged 
retail 
investment product" which means in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 
an investment, where, regardless of 
the legal form of the investment, the 
amount repayable to the retail 
investor is subject to fluctuations 
because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one 
or more assets which are not directly 
purchased by the retail investor)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]
(If the Notes do not constitute 
"packaged" 
products, 
"Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If 
the 
Notes 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified. For the purpose 
of the above, a "packaged" product 
shall designate a "packaged retail 
investment product" which means in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA, an 
investment, where, regardless of the 
legal form of the investment, the

--- Page 316 ---
316.
WS0101.36205449.4
amount repayable to the retail 
investor is subject to fluctuations 
because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one 
or more assets which are not 
directly purchased by the retail 
investor) 
U.S. selling restrictions:
[The Issuer is Category 2 for the 
purposes of Regulation S under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended.]
14. [Non-exempt Offer - TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER
Amount of the Offer
[] (if the amount is not fixed, describe 
the arrangements and deadline by which 
the definitive amount shall be made 
public)
Offer Period:
[Specify] to [Specify]
(This period must run from the date of 
publication of the Final Terms to a 
specified date or wording such as the 
"Issue Date" or "date falling [specify] 
Business Days thereafter"). Describe, 
where applicable, any changes that may 
be made to such period)
Offer Price:
[The Issuer is offering the Notes to the 
Dealer(s) at an Initial Offer Price of 
[specify] less total commission of 
[specify]. OR (where the price has not 
been fixed as of the date of the Final 
Terms) The Offer Price for the Notes 
shall be determined by the Issuer and 
[the Dealer(s)] on or around [specify], 
in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions, 
including 
[supply 
and 
demand for the Notes and other similar 
securities] [and] [the applicable market 
price for [insert relevant benchmark 
security, if any].]
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject:
[The offer of the Notes is subject to their 
issuance [and any additional terms 
specified in the Financial Intermediaries’ 
general conditions, as notified to 
investors 
by 
such 
Financial 
Intermediaries]]
Description of application procedure:
[Not Applicable/Specify]

--- Page 317 ---
317.
WS0101.36205449.4
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum subscription amounts:
[Not Applicable/Specify]
Description of option to reduce 
subscriptions and arrangements for 
reimbursement of excess amounts 
paid by subscribers:
[Not Applicable/Specify]
Details of method and time limits for 
payment for and delivery of Notes:
[The Notes shall be issued on the Issue 
Date against payment to the Issuer of the 
net subscription proceeds. Investors shall 
be notified by the relevant Financial 
Intermediary of the Notes allotted to 
them and the related settlement terms.]
Manner and date of publication of the 
results of the offer:
[Not Applicable/Specify]
Procedure for exercise of any pre-
emption 
rights, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
unexercised subscription rights:
[Not Applicable/Specify]
Categories of potential investors to 
which the Notes are offered and if one 
or more Tranches are reserved for 
certain countries:
)
[]
Procedure for notifying subscribers of 
their 
allotments 
and 
indication 
whether dealing may commence prior 
to notification:
[Not Applicable/Specify]
Amount of all expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser:
[Specify]
15. PLACEMENT AND UNDERWRITING
Consent of the Issuer to use the Base 
Prospectus during the Offer Period:
[Not Applicable/Applicable for any 
Authorised Offeror specified below]
Authorised Offeror(s) in the various 
countries where the Notes are being 
offered:
[Not 
Applicable/Name(s) 
and 
address(es) 
of 
the 
financial 
intermediaries appointed by the Issuer to 
act 
as 
Authorised 
Offeror(s)/Any 
Financial Intermediary that satisfies the 
conditions specified below under the 
heading "Conditions attached to the 
Issuer’s consent to use the Base 
Prospectus"]
Conditions attached to the Issuer’s 
consent to use the Base Prospectus:
[Not Applicable/Where the Issuer has 
given general permission to any financial 
intermediary to use the Base Prospectus, 
specify any additional condition or any 
condition replacing that specified on

--- Page 318 ---
318.
WS0101.36205449.4
page [] of the Base Prospectus or 
specified as "See conditions specified in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus". 
Where 
the 
Authorised 
Offeror 
is 
appointed 
hereunder, 
specify 
any 
applicable 
conditions.]
Name(s) and address(es) of entities 
with 
overall 
responsibility 
for 
coordinating the issue and the various 
parties and, to the extent such 
information is known to the Issuer or 
the distributor, the relevant dealers in 
the countries where the Notes are 
being offered:
[]
Entities 
that 
have 
agreed 
to 
underwrite the Notes and those that 
have agreed to place (but not 
underwrite) the Notes under a 
subscription agreement. If the entire 
issue has not been underwritten, 
specify 
the 
proportion 
not 
underwritten:
[]

--- Page 319 ---
319.
WS0101.36205449.4
ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY
[Issue specific summary to be inserted]

--- Page 320 ---
320.
WS0101.36205449.4
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
The description of the Issuer below has been prepared on the basis of the 2022 Financial Report of 
the Issuer and the financial information is in line with the content of such 2022 Financial Report.
History and evolution of the Issuer
The Issuer is a bank established in 1920 under the name of Banque Vernes.
The main steps of the history of the Issuer were the following:
1971
Banque Vernes merges with the Banque Commerciale de Paris. Following this 
merger, the Issuer takes the new name of Banque Vernes et Commerciale de Paris.
1982
The Issuer is nationalized and joins the Suez group.
1987
The French state privatizes Compagnie Financière de Suez. The Istituto Bancario 
San Paolo Di Torino takes a stake of 49% of 100% of the Issuer.
1989
The Issuer changes its name to Banque Sanpaolo.
1990
The Issuer merges with the Banque Française Commerciale, allowing it to expand 
its branch network.
1996
In 1996, the Issuer acquires the network of the Bank Veuve Morin-Pons with 
branches in Lyon, Strasbourg and Paris.
2003
Caisse Nationale des Caisses d'Epargne acquires a 60% stake in the Issuer, the 
remaining 40% being held by the Sanpaolo IMI Group.
2005
The Issuer changes its name to "Banque Palatine".
2008
Caisse Nationale des Caisses d'Epargne holds 100% of the Issuer.
In December, the Issuer acquires certain banking activities of Crédit Foncier and 
carries out a capital increase at the end of which the Crédit Foncier becomes a 
shareholder with 8.33% of the Issuer.
2009
BPCE, the central body within the meaning of the banking act of 24th January 1984, 
is created by law n°2009-715. In 2010, it becomes a shareholder with 91.67% of the 
Issuer alongside Crédit Foncier.
2012
Groupe BPCE holds 99.99% of the Issuer. 
Company name of the Issuer
The company name of the Issuer is "Banque Palatine".
Place and registration number of the Issuer and Legal Entity Identifier
The Issuer is registered with the Paris’ trade and companies register (Registre du commerce et des 
sociétés) under number 542 104 245. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Banque Palatine is 
EJ3P8B7HPQFKAH6YME79.

--- Page 321 ---
321.
WS0101.36205449.4
Date of incorporation and duration of the Issuer
The Issuer was originally created the 1st January 1920 for 15 years to end the 31 December 1934. 
The Issuer’s duration was extended once 15 years until the 31st December 1949. It was extended 
again for 99 years until 31 December 1948. The fiscal year of the Issuer starts the 1st January until 
31 December of each year.
Registered office and legal form of the Issuer/legislation governing the activity and country of 
incorporation of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a société anonyme à conseil d’administration (limited liability company with a Board 
of directors) incorporated in France. 
The Issuer’s registered office address is 86 rue de Courcelles, Paris (75008). The phone number of 
the Issuer's registered office is 01 55 27 94 94. The website of Banque Palatine can be found on the 
following address: www.palatine.fr. Other than in relation to the information contained on this 
website which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section "Documents Incorporated 
by Reference"), the information contained on this website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus.The Issuer is governed by: 
-
the provisions of the French Code de commerce on commercial companies;
-
the provisions of the French Code monétaire et financier relating to the activities, and regulatory 
supervision, of credit institutions; and
-
the provisions of its by-laws and internal regulations.
Share capital
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Issuer amounts to 688,802,680 Euros. 
The share capital is divided into 34,440,134 shares of 20 euros each, fully paid up. 
Issuer’s business purpose
Pursuant to Article 2 of Issuer’s by laws, the Issuer’s business purpose is, in any country:
-
the operations as provided by the monetary and financial code and namely, any banking and 
related operations; any investment services and related services;
-
on an ancilary basis, the performance of any brokering operation and the supply of insurance 
brokerage as well as real estate and business transactions;
-
and more generally, any operations or capital investment in any commercial, industrial, 
agricultural, movable or immovable companies as authorised by law and having directly or 
indirectly a link with banking activities. 
Principal activities of the Issuer
Banque Palatine operates in two markets. 
Corporate market
Growth in activity in the corporate market rests on a personalised approach to its customers, through 
national network of 26 mixed branches and 4 remote branches and its expertise, which make it 
possible, together with the specialised business lines of Groupe BPCE to offer a tailored and 
complete range of products and services.
Banque Palatine has also continued to develop synergies with BPCE and Natixis’ specialist business 
lines: Natixis Partners, BPCE Lease, BPCE Factor, Natixis Interépargne, Natixis Intertitres and

--- Page 322 ---
322.
WS0101.36205449.4
CEGC.
Private banking market
The development of commercial activity in the private customer market is based on the following:

an offer that continues to be digitised: a website and a mobile application with enhanced 
functionalities, in particular “self-care” functionalities and digitised customer journeys with 
electronic signatures (life insurance, investment advice);

its specialist business lines consisting of wealth management specialists, real estate experts and 
experts in financing for company senior executives (capital transactions for businesses and 
capital incentive plans for senior executives), put their skills and know-how to work in support 
of the network;

an extensive range of savings, investment and loan products, supported by the skills and know-
how of:
o
Banque Palatine (discretionary management, Palatine Asset Management UCI offering, 
EMTN issue, including dedicated EMTNs), SOFICA, financing (real estate loans, personal 
loans, asset advances, manco financing: management company without manager),
o
Groupe BPCE (UCI offer from NIM, SCPI and real estate offer with tax relief from BPCE 
Solutions Immobilières, Natixis payment services),
o
external partners (life insurance, asset management companies (Private Equity, OPC), 
Girardin offer, Partners in real estate).
Description of known trends affecting the Issuer and the markets in which it operates
1°) Commercial banking
Corporate market
In an unfavourable context disrupted by the ongoing health crisis, the deterioration of the 
international situation and the energy crisis, the commercial results of corporate customers were 
particularly dynamic:

medium- and long-term corporate loan production was very high, reaching €1.956 billion 
(+54.7% vs. 2021), driven by the performance of LBO loans (+29.5%), cash loans (+50.8%) 
and the doubling of the production of equipment loans;

this level of production enabled a sustained increase of 8.1% in the outstanding amount of 
high-performing corporate uses, which went from €6.890 billion to €7.453 billion;

international activities (Trade) also reflected strong momentum, with global capital 
transactions rising from €1.742 billion to €1.915 billion, up 9.9%;

in a period of rising interest rates, total corporate demand deposits increased by 62.3% to 
€413.8 million; 

the conquest of new target customers (companies with revenue of more than €15 million) 
led to 284 new relationships (compared to 228 in 2021).

--- Page 323 ---
323.
WS0101.36205449.4
Private banking market
2022 was marked for the private banking market by a major project to transform the distribution 
network in order to further our private banking model.
On this occasion, the commercial private banking positions evolved into three functions, private 
banker and senior private banker in branches and also wealth management advisor for Premium 
branches. For the 26 branches, the principle of a two-person organisation was adopted, with the 
private banker or senior private banker being systematically accompanied by a private banker 
assistant.
This transformation has not been without an impact and our commercial activity has naturally slowed 
down in 2022. As a result, the number of private banking customers fell by -3.7% and the total 
number by -6.7%.
The financial and balance sheet resources decreased by -5.6% to €5,651 million. The main change 
of note is the increase in assets under management with the subsidiary Palatine Asset Management. 
This theme is a priority area of progress included in the UP 2024 strategic plan.
Home loans outstanding remained stable at €2,532 million at the end of 2022.
Subsidiaries
Palatine Asset Management: 
The management company offers a complete range of products in France and Europe, thus broadly 
meeting the expectations of both “individual” and institutional customers (large, mid and small-cap 
equities on the equity side, money market, fixed-income and absolute performance on the interest 
rate portion). Expertise in asset allocation, fund selection and portfolio construction completes the 
system that makes it possible to build diversified management portfolios under mandate for Banque 
Palatine’s high net-worth clients. 
In addition, Palatine Asset Management is a signatory of the United Nations Principles for 
Responsible Investment (PRI). As a result, it has integrated ESG investment processes into almost 
all of its portfolios. It offers a range of Article 8 funds covering almost all its areas of expertise and 
SRI-labelled funds for most equity funds.
2022 was also marked by the launch of an innovative appraisal on the “Social” part of the ESG 
through a sustainable employment investment strategy.
Its offering is thus organised to enable customers to find investment solutions to meet their 
preferences in terms of sustainability.
2022 has been a difficult year on the financial markets, marked by the resurgence of inflation and 
the tightening of central banks’ monetary policies.
The equity and bond markets posted negative double-digit performance for the first time in 50 years. 
Global equities ended the year down 18%, bonds were down 16%.
In February with the outbreak of the Russian-Ukrainian war, inflation, then linked to the health crisis 
and considered transitory, increased (increase in energy and commodity prices) leading to a 
tightening of monetary policies by most central banks.
For companies, the results were surprisingly resilient.
In this context, the French market ended up down by around 10%.

--- Page 324 ---
324.
WS0101.36205449.4
Overall, Palatine Asset Management funds proved resilient relative to their peer groups, and money 
market and bond funds performed particularly well relative to their competitors.
The assets under management amounted to €5.1 billion at the end of the year, down by 1%. Money 
market UCIs recorded positive inflows (+€193 million). Bonds outstanding were down by €38 
million (-6%). Equity outstanding decreased by €227 million (-20%) mainly due to a market effect.
Palatine Asset Management received the Quantalys/Harvest award for best local bond management 
company.
Other subsidiaries:
The Ariès Assurances subsidiary continued to develop its activity in the field of collective social 
protection as well as in the development of tailor-made pension coverage for the evaluation and 
management of end-of-career benefits and in the implementation of civil liability insurance for 
executives and corporate officers.
In addition to these activities, Ariès Assurances supports Banque Palatine’s customer service 
managers in setting up tailor-made contracts for borrowers and key personnel, and in researching a 
cyber insurance programme and a global cybersecurity offer for medium-sized companies.
As a result, fees and commissions in 2022 amounted to €0.6 million, an increase of 15.3% compared 
to 2021.
2°) Financial activities 
2022 was marked by an interest rate environment that was radically different from previous years. 
These rose extremely quickly and sharply.
In this environment, Banque Palatine invested just over €310 million in securities eligible for the 
liquidity reserve, mainly in euro zone sovereign bonds and supranationals. At the end of 2022, the 
Bank’s total bond portfolio amounted to €1,027 million.
This portfolio’s objective is to constitute the liquidity reserve of the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR). 
As they can be mobilised with the Central Bank, these securities also constitute a security for the 
bank’s refinancing.
This financial strategy is in line with the regulatory ratios set by Groupe BPCE. The Liquidity 
Coverage Ratio (LCR) remained above 106% throughout 2022.
The bank’s financing is assured by customer deposits thanks to a complete range of investment 
products. The ratio of loans to customer deposits (CERC) was close to 110% at the end of the year. 
The bank therefore has a substantial customer deposit base giving it significant scope for commercial 
development.
In 2022, the Bank maintained its targets for balance sheet management, limiting its liquidity and rate 
risks:

managing short- and medium-long-term liquidity is first and foremost aimed at ensuring the 
refinancing of the bank while guaranteeing attractive loan terms for its customers;

the second objective is the strict control of interest-rate risk on the balance sheet. This 
approach allows Banque Palatine to manage changes in yields caused by interest rate 
movements. Through its careful management of its balance sheet, the bank is well-prepared 
for any future changes in interest rates. The residual gap measuring global interest-rate risk 
is now negative, which means the bank’s balance sheet is favourably exposed to any rise in 
rates.

--- Page 325 ---
325.
WS0101.36205449.4
Investments 
The Issuer has not made substantial investment since the last published financial statements and is 
not expecting to invest in matters for which its board of management has already taken firm 
commitment. 
Description of the Groupe BPCE and the position of the Issuer within the Groupe BPCE
Groupe BPCE is a cooperative group whose members own two retail banking networks: the 14 
Banque Populaire banks and the 15 Caisse d’Epargne banks.
Each of the two networks owns an equal share in BPCE, the Group’s central body.
The Banque Populaire network consists of the Banque Populaire banks and the mutual guarantee 
companies granting them the exclusive benefit of their guarantees.
The Caisse d’Epargne network consists of the Caisse d’Epargne banks and the local savings 
companies (LSCs).
The Banque Populaire banks are wholly owned by their cooperative members.
The capital of the Caisse d’Epargne banks is wholly owned by the local savings companies. Local 
savings companies are cooperative entities with openended share capital owned by cooperative 
members. They are tasked with coordinating the cooperative membership, in line with the general 
objectives set out for the individual Caisse d’Epargne with which they are affiliated, and they cannot 
perform banking transactions.
For more than 240 years, Banque Palatine has cultivated the dual ambition of excellence by 
providing sustained support for the development of medium-sized companies and by offering the 
expert services of a demanding Private Bank to serve each of its customers.
Its human scale – less than 1,100 employees – and its national distribution network – 26 mixed 
branches and 4 remote branches – make it a medium-sized bank, which quickly understands and 
constantly adapts to all the needs of its company and private individual customers.
It offers value-added expertise dedicated to accelerating the growth and performance of its 
customers: wealth, legal and tax engineering, investment advisory, global approach of wealth 
management services destined to business owners, corporate finance, specialised approach to real 
estate, trade finance, trading room, etc.
Its slogan “The art of being a banker” illustrates Banque Palatine’s desire to develop a local relational 
model based on excellent support for its 13,000 corporate customers and its 50,000 private 
customers.
Wholly owned by Groupe BPCE, the bank benefits from the strength and financial guarantees of 
France’s second largest banking group.
Ownership structure
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Groupe BPCE holds 100% of the share capital of the Issuer. 
Guarantee mechanism

--- Page 326 ---
326.
WS0101.36205449.4
All establishments affiliated to the central body of Groupe BPCE – including Banque Palatine – 
benefit from a guarantee and solidarity system whose purpose, in accordance with Articles L.511-
31, L. 512-107, 5° and L. 512-107, 6° of the French Code monétaire et financier, is to guarantee the 
liquidity and solvency of all affiliated establishments, and to organize financial solidarity within the 
Group. This financial solidarity is based on legislative provisions establishing a legal mechanism of 
solidarity obliging the central body to restore the liquidity or the solvency of affiliates in difficulty, 
and/or of all the affiliates of the Groupe BPCE, by mobilizing if necessary up to to all of the affiliates' 
cash and equity. Thus, in the event of Banque Palatine' difficulties, (i) BPCE will first mobilize its 
equity as part of its duty as a shareholder; (ii) if they are not enough, BPCE could call on the mutual 
guarantee fund created by BPCE, endowed at December 31, 2022 with a total of €314 million in 
assets contributed equally by the two networks Banque Populaire and Caisse d'Epargne and which 
is set to grow by annual matching contribution (subject to the amounts that would be used in the 
event of a call on the fund); (iii) if BPCE's own funds and this mutual guarantee fund were not 
sufficient, BPCE could call (in equal shares) on the guarantee funds specific to each of the two 
Banque Populaire and Caisse d'Epargne networks for a total amount of €900 million and to the 
mutual guarantee fund of the Banques Populaires and Caisse d'Epargne, made up of deposits made 
by the Banques Populaires and the Caisses d'Epargne in the books of BPCE in the form of term 
accounts of a term of ten years and indefinitely renewable; and, lastly, (iv) if the call on BPCE's own 
funds and these three guarantee funds were not sufficient, additional sums would be requested from 
all the Banques Populaires and Caisses d'Epargne. It is specified that the guarantee funds referred to 
above constitute an internal Groupe BPCE guarantee mechanism activated at the initiative of the 
management board of BPCE, or of an authority competent in matters of banking crisis, which may 
request that it be implemented if deemed necessary.
Due to this legal, full and complete solidarity, one or more affiliates cannot find themselves in 
judicial liquidation, or be affected by resolution measures within the meaning of the BRRD, without 
all affiliates also being so.
In accordance with Article L. 613-29 of the French Code monétaire et financier, any judicial 
liquidation procedure would be implemented in a coordinated manner with regard to the central body 
and all of its affiliates.
In the event of compulsory liquidation thus necessarily involving all the affiliates, the external 
creditors of the same rank or enjoying identical rights of all the affiliates would be treated in the 
order of the hierarchy of creditors in an equal manner, regardless of their attachment. to a particular 
affiliated entity. This has the consequence in particular that the holders of Additional Tier 1, and 
other pari passu securities, would be more affected than the holders of Tier 2, and other pari passu 
securities, themselves more affected than the holders of non-preferred senior external debt, them 
themselves more affected than holders of preferred senior external debt. In the event of resolution 
and in accordance with Article L. 613-55-5 of the French Code monétaire et financier, identical 
depreciation and/or conversion rates would be applied to debts and receivables of the same rank, 
regardless of their attachment to a particular affiliated entity in the order of the hierarchy recalled 
above.
Due to Banque Palatine' affiliation with the BPCE central body and the systemic nature of Groupe 
BPCE and the assessment currently made by the resolution authorities, resolution measures would, 
if necessary, be more likely to be taken than the initiation of judicial liquidation proceedings. A 
resolution procedure may be initiated against BPCE and all the affiliated entities if (i) the failure of 
BPCE and all the affiliated entities is proven or foreseeable, (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that 
other action can prevent such failure within a reasonable time and (iii) remediation action is required 
to achieve the remediation objectives: (a) ensure continuity of critical functions, (b) avoid adverse 
effects on financial stability, (c) protect State resources by minimizing recourse to exceptional public 
financial support and (d) protect customer funds and assets, in particular those of depositors. An 
institution is considered to be in default when it does not comply with the conditions of its approval, 
when it is unable to pay its debts or other commitments when due, when it requests exceptional 
public financial support (subject to limited exceptions) or that the value of its liabilities is greater

--- Page 327 ---
327.
WS0101.36205449.4
than that of its assets.
In addition to the bail-in power, the resolution authorities are granted extended powers to implement 
other resolution measures with regard to failing institutions or, in certain circumstances, their groups, 
which may include, inter alia: the sale all or part of the institution's activity to a third party or to a 
bridge institution, separation of assets, replacement or substitution of the institution as debtor of the 
debt instruments, changes to the terms of the debt instruments (including modification of the maturity 
and/or amount of interest payable and/or temporary suspension of payments), suspension of 
admission to trading or official listing of financial instruments, dismissal management or the 
appointment of a temporary administrator (special administrator) and the issue of capital or equity.
Management Committee
The Issuer is managed by a Management Committee, which works under the control of a Board of 
Directors.
Composition, organization and functioning of the Management Committee
Since the option for the form of a société anonyme (French limited liability corporation with a Board 
of Directors), the Board of Directors on 14 February 2014 opted for the separation of duties of the 
President and Chief Executive Officer in accordance with Article L. 225-51-1 of the French 
Commercial Code. This option was renewed upon the appointment of the Chief Executive Officer 
on 21 October 2019, with effect from 6 November 2019, upon the renewal of the term of office of 
the Chairwoman of the Board of Directors on 26 May 2020 as well as at the Board of Directors 
meeting of 10 December 2021, which appointed Didier Moaté as Chief Executive Officer with effect 
from 1 March 2022.
Pursuant to Article L. 512-107 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the appointment and 
reappointment of the Chief Executive Officer is subject to the approval of BPCE SA, the central 
body and shareholder.
The Chief Executive Officer is not a board member of the company. He or she is appointed for a 
period of five years. He or she may be removed from office by the Board of Directors at any time.
In accordance with Article 17 of the Articles of Association, the Chief Executive Officer holds the 
broadest powers to act on behalf of the company in all circumstances. He or she exercises this 
authority within the restrictions set by the corporate objects and subject to the authority expressly 
granted by law to General Meetings of the shareholders and the Board of Directors. He or she 
represents the Bank in relations with third parties. The Board of Directors did not set any restrictions 
on his or her powers in the Board of Directors’ framework rules of procedure. Even so, any 
significant transaction departing from the strategy communicated requires the Board of Directors’ 
prior approval.
The Chief Executive Officer may partially delegate his or her powers to any proxy, with or without 
the option of substitution.
Internally, the Deputy Chief Executive Officer holds the aforementioned powers to perform the 
duties with which he or she is entrusted. He or she may subdelegate these powers to third parties, 
each in their area of expertise and for one or more specific transactions or categories of transactions.
The remuneration of the Deputy Chief Executive Officer is set by the Board of Directors.
When the Chief Executive Officer reaches the end of his or her term of office or is prevented from 
performing his or her duties, the Deputy CEO, unless the Board of Directors decides otherwise, 
retains his or her duties and responsibilities until a new CEO is appointed.
At 31 December 2022, the Executive Management was made up of:

--- Page 328 ---
328.
WS0101.36205449.4
Members of Management Committee
Didier Moaté, CEO from 1 March 2022 (Date of Birth: 17.04.1963) 
PALATINE ASSET MANAGEMENT
board member, Chairman of the Remuneration 
Committee and of the Audit and Risk 
Committee
GIE i-BP
Permanent representative of Banque Palatine, 
director
OCBF
Permanent representative of Banque Palatine, 
board member from 01/03/2022
Patrick IBRY, Deputy CEO (Date of Birth: 11.04.1963)
ARIES ASSURANCES
Chairman of the Supervisory Board
CONSERVATEUR FINANCE
representing Banque Palatine, board member 
and member of the Audit Committee
PALATINE ASSET MANAGEMENT
Chairman of the of the Board of Directors, 
Member of the Remuneration Committee and 
of the Audit and Risk Committee
FCPE DE L’UES BANQUE PALATINE
Member of the Supervisory Board
GIE 
CAISSE 
D'EPARGNE 
SYNDICATION 
RISQUE 
ET 
DISTRIBUTION
Permanent representative of Banque Palatine, 
Member of the Supervisory Board
GPM ASSURANCES
Representing Banque Palatine, member of the 
Supervisory Board
OCBF
Permanent representative of Banque Palatine, 
board member until 28/02/2022
As part of their duties, the persons above named as members of the Management Committee are 
domiciled under their function at 86, rue de Courcelles - 75008 Paris.
Board of directors
Composition and appointments
The Board’s composition is governed by Article 10 of the Articles of Association, which stipulates 
that it shall be composed of Directors elected at the general meeting of shareholders and employee-
elected Directors.
Directors elected by the general meeting of shareholders
There are least six and no more than 18 of these Directors. They are appointed, reappointed and

--- Page 329 ---
329.
WS0101.36205449.4
dismissed in line with the provisions of law and the regulations in force.
They are appointed for a term of four years.
As the direct majority shareholder of Banque Palatine, BPCE (the central body of Groupe BPCE) 
chose to have Group Directors coming from the two networks which are its shareholders included 
in the Board of Directors of Banque Palatine.
Each Director has a wealth of experience in leadership and strategy development. Their diversity in 
terms of skills, experience, geographical representation and gender is an essential asset for the Board.
Employee-elected Directors
There are two: one is elected by the managerial staff, the other by the employees.
They are elected in line with the provisions of law and the regulations in force. Any seat vacated 
through death, resignation, dismissal or termination of an employment agreement is filled in line 
with the provisions of law and the regulations in force.
They are appointed for a term of four years. However, in the event of death, resignation, dismissal 
or termination of employment contract, the term in office of an employee-elected Director comes to 
an end when the normal term in office of the other employee-elected Directors ends.
In any event, the period for which a Director is appointed may not exceed the remaining term in 
office through to the date on which his or her employment agreement ends as a result of retirement 
or for any other reason. 
Provisions common to both categories of director
Directors may be reappointed unless they have reached the age limit of 70 years.
A Director’s duties end at the close of the ordinary general meeting of shareholders convened to 
consider the financial statements for the previous financial year that is held during the year in which 
such Director’s term expires, unless he or she resigns, is dismissed or dies.
Directors
At 31 December 2022, the Board of Directors comprised:

six board members appointed by the shareholders, whose terms of office will expire at the 
General Meetings held to approve the financial statements for the years ending on 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2025;

two Directors elected by the employees whose term of office began on 2 December 2020 
and will end when the Board of Directors takes note of the results of the employee elections 
to be held in 2024, all of whom are French nationals.
At the date of the Base Prospectus, the Board of Directors is composed of the following members:
Jérôme Terpereau, 16/12/1968
BANQUE PALATINE
Chairman of the Board of Directors, 
Chairman of the Appointments Committee, 
Chairman of the Remuneration Committee, 
Guest of the Audit Committee, Guest of the

--- Page 330 ---
330.
WS0101.36205449.4
Risk Committee
BPCE
Member of the Management Board in charge of 
retail banking and insurance
SAS Groupe Habitat en Région
board member
BPCE ASSURANCES IARD
board member
NATIXIS INVESTMENT MANAGERS 
Permanent representative of BPCE, Director
Fédération Bancaire Française (FBF)
Permanent representative of BPCE, member 
of the Foresight Committee
Lionel Baud, 18/09/1967
BANQUE PALATINE
Board member, member of the Audit 
Committee 
and 
the 
Remuneration 
Committee
BANQUE 
POPULAIRE 
AUVERGNE 
RHONE ALPES
Chairman
BAUD INDUSTRIES
Co-manager
BAUD VOUGY
Representative of BAUD INDUSTRIES, 
Chairman of BAUD VOUGY
BAUD DIMEP
Representative of BAUD INDUSTRIES, 
Chairman of BAUD DIMEP
BAUD INDUSTRIES R & D
Representative of BAUD INDUSTRIES, 
Chairman of BAUD INDUSTRIES R & D
BAUD JTD
Representative of BAUD INDUSTRIES, 
Chairman of BAUD JTD
BAUD INDUSTRIES SUISSE
Chairman
BAUD POLSKA
Chairman
BAUD TUNISIA
Chairman
CETIM
Director
FEDERATION 
NATIONALE 
DES 
BANQUES POPULAIRES
Vice- Chairman
HBI
Chairman
H4B
Partner and co-manager
JRL
Chief Executive Director

--- Page 331 ---
331.
WS0101.36205449.4
PRECICOUP
Chairman
ROSSIGNOL TECHNOLOGY
Representative of BAUD INDUSTRIES, 
chairman of ROSSIGNOL TECHNOLOGY
Frédérique DESTAILLEUR, 20/06/1967
BANQUE PALATINE
Board 
member, 
Member 
of 
the 
Remuneration Committee, Member of the 
Risk Committee
CAISSE EPARGNE AQUITAINE POITOU 
CHARENTES
Chairwoman of the Management Board
PALATINE ASSET MANAGEMENT
Board member
DOMOFRANCE SA
Permanent 
representative 
of 
CEAPC, 
Director
Bruno Goré, 25/09/1961
BANQUE PALATINE
Board member, Chairman of the Risk 
Committee, Member of the Appointments 
Committee
CAISSE D’EPARGNE DE NORMANDIE 
(CEN)
Chairman of the Management Board
ASSOCIATION PARCOURS CONFIANCE
Chairman of the Board
CAISSE D’EPARGNE CAPITAL
Member of the Board
COMITE REGIONAL DES BANQUES DE 
NORMANDIE
Chairman
COZYNERGY
Director
FEDERATION NATIONALE DES CAISSES 
D’EPARGNE
Permanent representative of CEN, Director and 
member of the Bureau
FONDS CAISSE D’EPARGNE NORMANDIE 
POUR L’INITIATIVE SOLIDAIRE
Permanent representative of CEN, Chairman
HABITAT EN REGION
Permanent representative of the CEN, Director
NORMANDIE REBOND
Permanent representative of the SEK, Director
ROUEN NORMANDIE 2028
European Capital of Culture: Board member
SAEML ZENITH DE CAEN
Non-voting Board member
NAXICAP PARTNERS
Member of the Supervisory Board

--- Page 332 ---
332.
WS0101.36205449.4
Hélène Madar, 18/02/1969
BANQUE PALATINE
Director, member of the Risk Committee and 
of the Remuneration Committee
BANQUE POPULAIRE DU NORD
Chief Executive Officer
BPCE Assurances
Board member, Chairwoman of the Risk and 
Audit Committee
BPCE SI
Board member
SCI Rubens
Board member
FNBP
Board member
BPCE Payments and Solutions
Board member
TURBO SA
Board member
Nadia Mauzelaf, 08/07/1977
BANQUE PALATINE
Director representing employees (technical 
staff)
Guillemette Valantin, 25/07/1966
BANQUE PALATINE
Director 
representing 
executive 
staff 
employees, Member of the Audit Committee
PANDORA
Manager
Stéphanie Clavié, 16/08/1970
BANQUE PALATINE
Permanent representative of BPCE, board 
member, 
Chairwoman 
of 
the 
Audit 
Committee 
and 
Member 
of 
the 
Appointments Committee
FIDOR BANK AG
Director
BPCE SERVICES
Chairwoman of the Board of Directors
ONEY BANK
Permanent representative of BPCE, Board 
member, Chairwoman of the Audit Committee
Terms in office

--- Page 333 ---
333.
WS0101.36205449.4
The list of all the offices held by Directors during the 2022 financial year appears in Appendix 2 of 
the 2022 Financial Report. 
Changes to the Board of Directors during 2021 and 2022
The Board of Directors meeting of 15 April 2022 took note of the resignation, with effect from 1 
June 2022, of Christine Fabresse, board member and Chairwoman of the Board of Directors. This 
departure follows her appointment as Chairwoman of the Management Board of Caisse d’Epargne 
CEPAC in order to comply with Groupe BPCE’s rules of good governance in terms of multiple 
directorships.
On 17 May 2022, the Board of Directors took note of the appointment of Jérôme Terpereau as a 
board member by the General Meeting held on the same day and elected him Chairman of the Board 
of Directors with effect from 1 June 2022.
Then, the Board of Directors’ meeting of 3 August 2022 co-opted Frédérique Destailleur, as a board 
member, to replace Caisse d’Epargne CEPAC, represented by Didier Moaté. 
Role of the Board
The Board of Directors determines the company’s business strategies and ensures their 
implementation, taking into consideration social and environmental issues.
The Board of Directors must ensure that:

its composition and functioning enable it to act in the best interests of Banque Palatine while 
taking into consideration the social and environmental challenges of its business;

appointments or renewals of Directors:
o
operate with the aim of seeking a harmonious distribution of knowledge, skills and 
experience,
o
ensure a balanced representation of women and men on the Board, in accordance 
with current legislation.
Except for the powers expressly reserved for the general meeting of shareholders and within the 
restrictions set by the corporate objects, the Board of Directors handles any issue concerning the 
smooth running of the company and settles any matters arising.
The Chairman and/or the Chief Executive Officer are required to provide each Director with all the 
documents or information they require to fulfil their duties.
Pursuant to the provisions of law and the regulations in force, the Board of Directors may entrust 
one or more Directors with any special responsibilities or decide to set up Board Committees. The 
Board determines the composition and powers of committees, which operate under its authority.
At any time of the year, it conducts any checks and controls it deems appropriate and may request 
any documents it regards as expedient in fulfilling its duties.
Its main duties are to:

define Banque Palatine’s strategic guidelines, in line with Groupe BPCE’s strategy, on the 
recommendation of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;

oversee the implementation of the strategy;

--- Page 334 ---
334.
WS0101.36205449.4

control the management of the company;

control the risk management policy;

ensure the accuracy of its financial statements;

review the financial position on a quarterly basis;

approve the accounts;

ensure the quality of the financial information provided to shareholders and third parties;

appoint the effective managers;

set the rules for the remuneration of the effective managers and all corporate officers;

control the remuneration of risk takers.
Since the option for the form of a société anonyme (French limited liability corporation with a Board 
of Directors), the Board of Directors on 14 February 2014 opted for the separation of duties of the 
President and Chief Executive Officer in accordance with Article L. 225-51-1 of the French 
Commercial Code. This option was systematically renewed.
The Board of Directors appoints the Chief Executive Officer and, in consultation with the latter, may 
appoint Deputy CEOs. In addition, it sets the method and amount of the remuneration paid to each 
senior executive.
It adopts the framework rules of procedure of the Board of Directors which include the rules of 
composition and functioning as well as the missions of the Board Committees.
It convenes the General Shareholders’ Meeting based on an agenda that it has approved and which 
may include, in particular: the appointment or ratification of board members, the appointment of the 
Statutory Auditors, the renewal of directorships or auditors mandates, the consultation of 
shareholders on the individual remuneration of corporate officers and on the overall package paid to 
the members of the regulated population.
Agreement whose implementation could result in a change of control
There is not, to the best knowledge of the Issuer, any agreement to sell or purchase the shares of 
Banque Palatine. However, if such an agreement existed, it would be signed by BPCE, which would 
not be obliged to inform the Issuer.

--- Page 335 ---
335.
WS0101.36205449.4
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
There are no Dealers appointed permanently in respect of the Programme. The Issuer may from time to 
time appoint one or more dealers in respect of any Tranches of Notes. References in this Base Prospectus 
to "Dealers" are to all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of any Tranches.
The Issuer may appoint, at any time, one or several Dealers with respect to the issue of Notes under the 
terms of a subscription agreement (the "Subscription Agreement"). Subject to the provisions of the 
Subscription Agreement, the Notes will be offered to the Dealers by the Issuer. The Notes may be resold 
at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as will be agreed between the Issuer and such Dealer 
in respect of Notes subscribed by it or whose subscription has been procured by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Notes. The subscription Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they 
make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer.
Selling Restrictions
General
The selling restrictions may be modified by mutual agreement of the Issuer and any Dealer(s), including 
(but not limited), following a change in applicable law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will 
be set out in the Subscription Agreement related to the relevant Tranche or in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
Each Dealer to be appointed by the Issuer with respect to one or several issue(s) of Notes under the 
Programme, will be required to represent and agree, with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in 
each jurisdiction in which it acquires, purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor 
any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore.
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States, and may not be offered or sold within the United States, or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") or pursuant to 
an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with any 
applicable state securities laws. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States in offshore 
transactions to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S.
Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions, or to a United States person except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer to be appointed by the Issuer with respect to one or several issue(s) of Notes under the 
Programme, will be required to represent and agree that it has not and will not offer, sell or, in the case of 
Notes in bearer form, deliver, the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any 
time, or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) days after the completion of the distribution of such Tranche as 
determined, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during this period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the

--- Page 336 ---
336.
WS0101.36205449.4
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Tranche of Notes, an offer or sale 
of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes outside the United States. The Issuer reserves the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the 
United States or to any U.S. person. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside 
the United States or to any other person within the United States, other than those persons, if any, retained 
to advise such non-U.S. person with respect thereto, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior 
written consent of the Issuer or any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United 
States, other than those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-U.S. person, is prohibited.
Any person who purchases or acquires the Notes will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed, 
by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus or delivery of the Notes, that it is purchasing or acquiring the 
Notes in compliance with Rule 903 of Regulation S in an offshore transaction, or pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 337 ---
337.
WS0101.36205449.4
Public offer selling restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in the United Kingdom:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Other UK regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer to be appointed by the Issuer with respect to one or several issue(s) of Notes under the 
Programme, will be required to represent and agree that:
(i)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and 
will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them 
in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage 
or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where 
the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer;
(ii)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the Issuer; and
(iii)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect 
to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom.
Non-Exempt Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a "Member 
State"), each Dealer to be appointed by the Issuer with respect to one or several issue(s) of Notes under the 
Programme, will be required to represent and agree it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes

--- Page 338 ---
338.
WS0101.36205449.4
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant Member State except that it may make an offer of Notes to 
the public in that Relevant Member State:
(i)
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member 
State (a "Non-Exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation 
to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant 
Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and 
notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-
Exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the 
Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-Exempt Offer;
(ii)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;
(iii)
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(iv)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended.
This EEA selling restriction is in addition to any other selling restrictions set out above or below.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU on markets 
in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.

--- Page 339 ---
339.
WS0101.36205449.4
Republic of Italy
(i) Offer to retail investors in Italy:
Each of the Issuer and each Dealer appointed will be required to represent and guarantee that it will only 
make an offer of the Notes to the retail investors, as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, in the Republic 
of Italy following recognition by the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") of 
the Base Prospectus approved by the AMF, in accordance with the passporting procedure set forth in the 
Prospectus Regulation.
(ii) Placement in Italy:
Prior to the passporting of the Base Prospectus to CONSOB, the Notes may not, and will not, be offered, 
sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of Italy and copies of this Base Prospectus, of the 
relevant Final Terms or of any other document relating to the Notes may not, and will not be distributed in 
the Republic of Italy, unless an exemption applies.
Accordingly, each of the Issuer and each Dealer appointed will be required to represent and agree not to 
effect any offering, marketing, solicitation or selling activity of the Notes in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a)
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or 
(b)
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on offers to the public pursuant to, 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation and in compliance with, the conditions set out in Article 
100 of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended ("Financial Services Act") 
and its implementing regulations Article 34-ter, first paragraph, of the CONSOB Regulation no. 
11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.
Subject to the foregoing, each of the Issuer and each Dealer appointed will be required to represent and 
guarantee, that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, the 
relevant Final Terms or any other document relating to the offer of Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) 
or (b) above must, and will, be effected in accordance with all relevant Italian securities, tax and exchange 
control and other applicable laws and regulations, and, in particular shall and will be made:
(i)
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended from time to time ("Banking Act") and CONSOB Regulation no. 
20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended from time to time; 
(ii)
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement and/or limitation which may be, 
from time to time, imposed by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, 
where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of 
the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time); and
(iii)
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requierements imposed by 
CONSOB or any other Italian authority.
Any investor purchasing Notes in an offer to the public is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer or 
resale of Notes it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and 
regulations.
This Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms and any other document relating to the Notes and the 
information contained herein are intended only for the use of its recipient and are not to be distributed to 
any third-party resident or located in Italy for any reason. No person resident or located in the Republic of 
Italy other than the original addressees of this Base Prospectus may rely on this Base Prospectus, the

--- Page 340 ---
340.
WS0101.36205449.4
applicable Final Terms or any other document relating to the offer of Notes.

--- Page 341 ---
341
WS0101.36205449.4
GENERAL INFORMATION
1.
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent 
authority pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 22 June 2024. The obligation to supplement the Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
2.
To the extent that Notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme may constitute obligations 
under French law, the issue of such Notes has been authorised by a resolution of the Issuer's 
Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) dated 8 February 2023 which has delegated to 
Didier Moaté, Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général), Patrick Ibry, Deputy Chief 
Executive Officer (Directeur Général Délégué), Sylvie Ferrier, Chief Financial Officer 
(Directrice Desk Finances clients), Tarek Akrout, Customer Desk Director (Directeur Desk 
Clientèle), Fawzi Terranti, Trader (Opérateur de Marché) and Julien Martin, Trader 
(Opérateur de Marché), acting jointly or separately, the power to decide issues of obligations 
and assimilated securities for a maximum aggregate nominal amount of EUR 400,000,000 
within a period of one year ending 8 February 2024.
3.
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial 
performance or financial position of the Group since 31 December 2022. 
4.
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022.
5.
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any other member of the 
Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the 
period of twelve (12) months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or 
have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer and/or the Group. 
6.
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's 
business which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or 
entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect 
of the Notes being issued.
7.
To the knowledge of the Issuer, there are no potential conflict of interest between the duties 
toward the Group, members of the Board of Directors, CEO (Directeur Général) and the 
Management Committee, and their private interests.
8.
In respect of securities giving rise to payment or delivery obligations linked to an underlying 
referred to in Article 20 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, 
the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the Issuer intends to provide post-issuance 
information concerning the underlying. If the Issuer intends to report such information, the 
Final Terms will specify what information will be reported and where such information can 
be obtained.
9.
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (66

--- Page 342 ---
342.
WS0101.36205449.4
rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Bruxelles, Belgique) and Clearstream (42 avenue J.F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg). The appropriate Common Code and the International Securities Identification 
Number (ISIN) or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each 
Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.
10.
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of Banque Palatine is EJ3P8B7HPQFKAH6YME79. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 63 rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex, and 
KPMG Audit, 1 cours Valmy, 92923 Paris La Défense Cedex, have audited and rendered 
unqualified audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021. PricewaterhouseCoopers and Deloitte & Associés, 6 place de 
la Pyramide, 92800 Puteaux have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. 
Deloitte & Associés has been appointed as statutory auditor of the Issuer in replacement of 
KPMG Audit on 29 September 2022. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, Deloitte & Associés and KPMG Audit belong each to the 
Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes of Versailles.
11.
This Base Prospectus and any supplement shall be published on the websites of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and the Issuer (www.palatine.fr). Documents incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus shall be published on the Issuer’s website (www.palatine.fr). The 
Final Terms related to Notes traded on a Regulated Market in any Member State of the EEA 
will be published, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any such Regulated Market, 
on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) or (b) any relevant administrative 
authority. 
12.
In addition, should the Notes be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext 
Paris, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms related to those Notes 
will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on 
the website of (a) the Regulated Market where the Notes have been admitted to trading or (b) 
the competent authority of the Member State of the EEA where the Notes have been admitted 
to trading.
13.
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available free of charge during normal business hours on 
any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), at the registered office of 
the Issuer and on the Issuer’s website (www.palatine.fr):
-
the by-laws of the Issuer;
-
the 2022 Financial Report, the 2021 Financial Report of the Issuer and the Previous 
EMTN Conditions;
-
any Final Terms relating to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other 
Regulated Market;
-
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
and
-
any reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement and/or Calculation Agency Agreement, if any, related to the

--- Page 343 ---
343.
WS0101.36205449.4
relevant Tranche will be available during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, 
Sundays and public holidays excepted), at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified 
office of the Paying Agent(s).
14.
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions.
15.
For each Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, the yield will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The yield will be calculated at the time of issue on the basis of the Issue Price. The relevant 
yield will be calculated as the yield at the Issuance Date on the basis of a redemption of the 
relevant Notes at maturity and will not be an indication of future yield.
16.
There are no Dealers appointed permanently in respect of the Programme. The Issuer may 
from time to time appoint one or more dealers in respect of any Tranches of Notes. References 
in this Base Prospectus to "Dealers" are to all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of any 
Tranches.
17.
In connection with each Tranche, the Dealer or one of the Dealers (as applicable) may act as 
stabilisation manager (the "Stabilisation Manager"). The entity acting as Stabilisation 
Manager shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms. In connection with any issue, the 
Stabilisation Manager (or any person acting on its behalf) may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilisation Manager 
(or any person acting on its behalf) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action 
may only begin on or after the date on which the terms of the issue have been disclosed to the 
public and, once begun, may be terminated at any time but must end, at the latest, on the earlier 
of: (i) thirty (30) days after the issue date and (ii) sixty (60) days after the date of allotment of 
the Notes. Such stabilisation action or over-allotment shall be conducted in accordance with 
all applicable laws and regulations.
18.
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise provided or the context requires otherwise, any 
reference to "€", "Euro", "EUR" or "euro" is to the lawful currency of the Member States of 
the European Union which have adopted the single currency introduced in accordance with 
the Treaty establishing the European Economic Community, any reference to "£", "pounds 
Sterling" and "Sterling" is to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, any reference to "$", 
"USD", "US dollars" and "American dollars" is to the lawful currency of the United States of 
America, any reference to "¥", "JPY" and "yen" is to the lawful currency of Japan and any 
reference to "CHF" and "Swiss francs " is to the lawful currency of Switzerland.
19.
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK BMR. In this case, 
a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant 
administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation and/or in the FCA's register of administrators under 
Article 36 of the UK BMR, as the case may be. As far as the Issuer is aware, SOFR and €STR 
do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of its Article 2 and/or UK 
BMR, such that the administrators of SOFR and €STR are not currently required to obtain 
authorization or registration.

--- Page 344 ---
344.
WS0101.36205449.4
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
I hereby certify that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is, 
to the best of my knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its 
import.
Paris, 22 June 2023
Banque Palatine
86, rue de Courcelles
75008 Paris
France
Represented by:
Sylvie Ferrier - Directrice Desk Finances Clients
Autorité des marchés financiers
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is 
complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 22 June 2023 and is valid until 22 June 2024 and shall, 
during this period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
as amended, be completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or 
substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°23-
240.

--- Page 345 ---
345.
WS0101.36205449.4
Issuer
Banque Palatine
86, rue de Courcelles
75008 Paris
France
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent
Banque Palatine
86, rue de Courcelles
75008 Paris
France
Auditors to the Issuer
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit
Deloitte & Associés
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur Seine Cedex
France
6 Place de la Pyramide
92800 Puteaux
France