--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 10 JULY 2023 
 
 
BANQUE STELLANTIS FRANCE 
(previously known as PSA Banque France) 
€4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
 
Under this €4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) described in this document (the Base 
Prospectus), Banque Stellantis France (the Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement described herein), 
subject to increase as described herein.  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended 
(the Prospectus Regulation). This Base Prospectus received the approval number 23-295 on 10 July 2023 from the Autorité 
des marchés financiers (the AMF) and shall be in force for a period of one (1) year as of the date of its approval by the AMF. 
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the dealers specified under the section "Overview of the 
Programme" and/or any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a Dealer 
and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base 
Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one 
Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe or procure subscription for such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of the most material of 
these risks see section "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority in France under the Prospectus 
Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the AMF should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer or of the quality of the Notes to be issued under the terms of this Base Prospectus. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris and/or to the competent authority of any other member state of the European 
Economic Area (EEA) for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or 
a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such member state. Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended (MiFID II) (a Regulated Market), appearing on the 
list of regulated markets published on the European Securities and Markets Authority (the ESMA) website. The Issuer may 
also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The relevant final terms (the Final Terms) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will 
specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market.  
The minimum specified denomination of the Notes shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date 
of issue of the Notes). Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form as more fully described herein. The Notes will at all times 
be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 2 ---
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) 
or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit 
of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and 
any other jurisdiction. 
The Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in 
the books of Euroclear France (Euroclear France) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account 
Holders (as defined in section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination”) 
including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream) or in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in 
Condition 1.1 (Form) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), in either fully registered form (nominatif pur), in which 
case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) for 
the Issuer, or in administered registered form (nominatif administré), in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of 
the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders.  
The Issuer has been rated A3 (stable outlook) by Moody's France S.A.S. (Moody's) as at 29 May 2019 and BBB+ (stable 
outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) as at 24 June 2021. The Programme has been rated A3 by Moody's 
and BBB+ by S&P in respect of Senior Preferred Notes only. Each of Moody's and S&P is established in the European Union 
and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the CRA Regulation). Notes (including Senior Non Preferred Notes) issued under the Programme may be unrated 
or rated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Programme by the relevant 
rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms of any Notes listed and admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be available on the website of the Issuer (www.banque-stellantis-france.com) and 
this Base Prospectus will be available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). Documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus will be available on the website of the Issuer. 
 
 
Arranger 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
Dealers 
Barclays 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
HSBC 
ING 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
Natixis 
Santander Corporate & Investment Banking 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus, together with any supplements published from time to time, comprises a base prospectus 
in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
in respect of, and for the purpose of giving information with regard to, the Issuer and the Issuer and its 
consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the Banque Stellantis France Group) which is necessary to enable 
potential investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and 
losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attached to the Notes and the reason for the issuance and its impact 
on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with all 
documents which are deemed to be incorporated in it by reference (see section "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference") and, in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together 
with the relevant Final Terms. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that those 
documents are incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on 
the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the 
Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the 
Banque Stellantis France Group. No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection 
with the Programme or the Banque Stellantis France Group. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an 
offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to 
purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent 
to the date of the relevant document or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their 
attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
of Notes in the United States, the EEA (France, Italy and Belgium), the United Kingdom and Japan, see section 
entitled "Subscription and Sale". 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been or will be prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MIFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five categories in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer's 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
 
UK MIFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five categories in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials"), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Suitability of Investment 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling;  
 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
 
AUD or Australian dollars are to the lawful currency of Australia; 
 
CZK or Czech Crown are to the lawful currency of the Czech Republic; 
 
CHF or Swiss Francs are to the lawful currency of Switzerland; 
 
DKK or Danish Krone are to the lawful currency of Denmark;

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
JPY, Yen or and ¥ are to the lawful currency of Japan; 
 
NOK or Norwegian Krone are to the lawful currency of Norway; 
 
SEK or Swedish Krona are to the lawful currency of Sweden; and 
 
SGD or Singapore dollars are to the lawful currency of Singapore. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Important notice relating to Green Bonds  
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this 
Base Prospectus and of the Final Terms and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information 
for the purpose of any investment in the Green Bonds together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary. Such use of proceeds of Notes issued as Green Bonds may not satisfy, whether in whole or 
in part, any present or future expectations or requirements or meet investment criteria or guidelines with which 
an investor or its investments are required, or intend, to comply, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any assets, the subject of or related to, the Green Financing 
Framework. 
None of the Issuer nor the Arranger nor the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability of any Green 
Bonds (as defined herein), including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated "green", or 
other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, to fulfil any green criteria 
required by any prospective investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they 
responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria for Eligible Assets, any verification of whether the 
Eligible Assets meet such criteria or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Green Bonds (or amounts 
equal thereto).  
Neither the Arranger nor any of the Dealers makes any representation as to the suitability or contents of the 
Green Financing Framework and the Second Party Opinion (as defined herein). In particular, no assurance or 
representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the Second Party 
Opinion or any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may 
be made available in connection with the issue of the Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Assets 
to fulfil any environmental, sustainability and/or other criteria. Such Second Party Opinion, or any opinion or 
certification, is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or 
any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. As a result, neither the Issuer nor the Arranger nor the 
Dealers will be, or shall be deemed, liable for any issue in connection with its content. For the avoidance of 
doubt, neither the Green Financing Framework, the Second Party Opinion, nor any such other opinion or 
certification is, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
Overview of the Programme .............................................................................................................................. 8 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 16 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 30 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 34 
Form of Final Terms ......................................................................................................................................... 66 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 79 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................... 81 
Recent Developments ....................................................................................................................................... 85 
Taxation ............................................................................................................................................................ 87 
Subscription and Sale ....................................................................................................................................... 89 
General Information ......................................................................................................................................... 93

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer(s) may agree that Notes shall be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event and if appropriate, 
a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980, as amended (the Delegated Regulation). It does not, 
and is not intended to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same 
meanings in this Overview of the Programme. 
 
Issuer: 
Banque Stellantis France 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the risks associated with an investment in the 
Notes. All of these are set out under the section "Risk Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Société Générale 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BofA 
Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank, HSBC Continental Europe, ING Bank N.V., 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., Natixis, Société Générale and UniCredit 
Bank AG, 
 
and any other Dealers appointed pursuant to and in accordance 
with the Dealer Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
Société Générale  
Programme Size: 
€4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at any time. The 
Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Yen, 
Australian dollars, Czech Crown, Swiss Francs, Danish Krone, 
Norwegian Krone, Swedish Krona, Singapore dollars and any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s).  
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form. 
The Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) or administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the 
Notes. See Condition 1.1 - “Terms and Conditions of the Notes –
Form”.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
 
(b) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series); or 
(c) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by the 2013 FBF Master Agreement 
relating to transactions on forward financial instruments 
and the technical schedules (additifs techniques) (as 
published from time to time by the FBF, and as amended

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series). 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), 
will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a Maximum Rate of Interest, 
a Minimum Rate of Interest or both, it being specified that in no 
event will the relevant Interest Amount be less than zero. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that Screen Rate Determination applies and a 
Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or any 
component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the 
original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, which may 
determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate to be applied 
to the Notes (with consequent amendment (with no requirement 
for Noteholder consent) to the terms of such Series of Notes and, 
potentially, the application of an adjustment spread (which could 
be positive or negative)). See Condition 5.2(h) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) for further information.  
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, 
as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). The 
redemption at the option of the Noteholders shall not apply in the 
case of Senior Non Preferred Notes and holders of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes may not request redemption of such Senior Non 
Preferred Notes prior to their stated maturity. 
Furthermore, the Notes may be redeemable by the Issuer prior to 
maturity for tax reasons. Senior Non Preferred Notes may be 
redeemable by the Issuer prior to maturity upon the occurrence of 
a MREL Disqualification Event. See Condition 7 (Redemption 
and Purchase). 
 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue 
of Notes, the Issuer will have the option to redeem the Notes, in 
whole or in part, at any time prior to their Maturity Date at the

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Amount. The Make-Whole 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer shall not apply in the case 
of Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
The Make-Whole Redemption Amount shall be calculated in 
accordance with Condition 7.5 (Make-Whole Redemption by the 
Issuer (Make-Whole Call)). 
Notwithstanding any other provisions, the Issuer may early 
redeem the Senior Non Preferred Notes (and give notice thereof 
to Noteholders) only if it has obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Resolution Authority and/or Relevant Regulator (as 
required by the Applicable Banking Regulations). 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in the Specified Denomination set out in 
the relevant Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency), 
or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant monetary authority or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
The Notes will be issued in one specified denomination only.  
Redenomination: 
 
 
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which 
will participate in the single currency of the EU may be 
redenominated into Euro, all as more fully provided in Condition 
1 (Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination). 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another 
Series as more fully provided in Condition 13.2 (Consolidation). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on 
behalf of France or any authority therein or thereof having power 
to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is required by 
French law, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by 
law, pay additional amounts to compensate for the amounts so 
withheld or deducted, subject to certain exceptions described in 
Condition 8 (Taxation). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non Preferred 
Notes.  
(1) 
If the Notes are Senior Preferred Notes, the Notes will 
be Senior Preferred Obligations and the Notes are direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the 
Issuer and rank and will at all times rank: 
(a) 
pari passu among themselves and with other 
Senior Preferred Obligations;

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
(b) 
senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations; and 
(c) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting 
from other preferred exceptions. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or 
judicial liquidation (liquidation amiable ou liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any 
other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer, the rights 
of Noteholders to payment under the Senior Preferred 
Notes rank: 
(i) 
junior to present and future claims 
benefiting 
from 
other 
preferred 
exceptions; and 
(ii) 
senior 
to 
Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Obligations. 
(2) 
If the Notes are Senior Non Preferred Notes the Notes 
will be Senior Non Preferred Obligations and the Notes 
are 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsecured 
and 
senior 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times 
rank: 
(a) 
pari passu among themselves and with other 
Senior Non Preferred Obligations;  
(b) 
senior to Eligible Creditors of the Issuer, 
Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations and any 
other present or future claims otherwise ranking 
junior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations; and 
(c) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting 
from preferred exceptions and to Senior 
Preferred Obligations. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or 
judicial liquidation (liquidation amiable ou liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any 
other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer, the rights of 
Noteholders to payment under the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes rank: 
(i) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting 
from preferred exceptions and Senior Preferred 
Obligations; and 
(ii) 
senior to any Eligible Creditors of the Issuer, 
Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations and any 
other present or future claims otherwise ranking 
junior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations means any subordinated 
obligations or other instruments issued by the Issuer which rank, 
or are expressed to rank, pari passu among themselves, and are 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer but in priority to prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, 
titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any deeply 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits "super 
subordonnés", i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang).  
Senior 
Preferred 
Obligations 
means 
any 
senior 
(chirographaires) obligations (including the Senior Preferred 
Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the Issuer, which fall or 
are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described 
in article L. 613-30-3–I-3° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. 
Senior Non Preferred Obligations means any senior 
(chirographaires) obligations (including the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the Issuer, 
which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of 
obligations described in article L. 613-30-3–I-4° and R.613-28 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes contain a negative pledge 
provision as described under Condition 4 (Negative Pledge).  
There is no negative pledge provision in relation to Senior Non 
Preferred Notes.  
Events of Default: 
The terms of the Senior Preferred Notes contain events of default 
including a cross default provision as described under Condition 
10.1(c) (Senior Preferred Notes). 
There are no events of default in relation to the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes as described under Condition 10.2 (Senior Non 
Preferred Notes). 
Waiver of set-off: 
In relation to Senior Non Preferred Notes, Noteholders waive any 
right of set-off, compensation and retention in relation to such 
Senior Non Preferred Notes, insofar as permitted by applicable 
law. As a result, holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes will not at 
any time be entitled to set-off the Issuer's obligations under the 
Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
As described in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base 
Prospectus, for each issue of Notes, the Issuer will apply either: 
(a) 
the net proceeds of such issue of Notes for the Issuer’s 
general corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
the net proceeds or an amount equivalent to the net 
proceeds of such issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds 
(the Green Bonds), to finance and/or refinance, in whole 
or in part, loans and lease contracts for passenger and 
light commercial vehicles with zero specific CO2 
emissions as well as for zero tailpipe CO2 emission 
quadricycles (the Eligible Assets), as defined in the 
relevant Final Terms and as further described in the 
Issuer's green financing framework dated 21 December 
2022 (as amended and supplemented from time to time) 
(the Green Financing Framework) available on the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.banque-stellantis-
france.com/en/financial-information/financial-
documentation); or 
(c) 
the net proceeds of such issue of Notes as stated in Part 
B, Item 6 of the applicable Final Terms in respect of any 
particular issue of Notes for which there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above). 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated A3 by Moody's and BBB+ by S&P 
in respect of Senior Preferred Notes only. Series of Notes 
(including Senior Non Preferred Notes) issued under the 
Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is 
rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms 
and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the 
Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Listing: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF. Application 
may also been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to 
be admitted to trading on, and to be listed, on Euronext Paris. 
 
Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to a particular 
Series of Notes. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to 
trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, French law.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including France, Italy and 
Belgium), the United Kingdom, Japan and such other restrictions 
as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA rules not applicable.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together 
could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due. The Issuer has identified in this Base 
Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make 
payments due. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
The Issuer believes that the following factors are specific to it and/or the Notes and material for an informed 
investment decision with respect to investing in the Notes issued under the Programme as described below as 
they may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. All of these factors are contingencies 
which may or may not occur. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes 
may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of 
holding the Notes are exhaustive. 
In each category below, the Issuer sets out the most material risk (in descending order of importance), in its 
assessment, taking into account the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their 
occurrence.  
Words and expressions defined under the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the same 
meanings in this section. 
1. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer are set out in particular on pages 21 to 116 of the English 
translation of the 2022 Annual Report which was filed with the AMF on 16 June 2023 and are assessed 
in accordance with the three levels of severity: low, medium or high.  
 
Risks related to the environment in which the Banque Stellantis France 
Group (formerly PSA Banque France Group) operates that could affect 
the development of its business 
Severity level 
1. 
Risk associated with the Stellantis’ business 
High 
2. 
Risk related to the global health situation following the occurrence of 
 
epidemics and pandemics (Covid-19) 
Medium 
3. 
Risk associated with the competitive environment 
Medium 
4. 
Legal, regulatory and tax risks 
Medium 
5. 
Environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks, in particular those 
 
related to climate change 
Medium

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Credit and counterparty risks 
Severity level 
6. 
Credit and concentration risks 
Medium 
7. 
Counterparty risk 
Low 
 
Financial risks 
Severity level 
8. 
Liquidity and funding risk 
Medium 
9. 
Risk associated with the funding cost 
Medium 
10. 
Interest rate risk 
Medium 
 
 
Operational and non-compliance risks 
Severity level 
11. 
Risk associated with information systems, cybersecurity, data 
protection and business continuity 
Medium 
12. 
Fraud risk 
Medium 
13. 
Non-compliance risk 
Medium 
14. 
Reputation and image risk 
Low 
Such pages are incorporated by reference into this base prospectus, as set out in the section "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.  
2. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
2.1 
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer  
Credit risk 
As contemplated in Condition 3 (Status of the Notes), the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
principal, interest and other amounts payable under the Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer. Noteholders are exposed to a higher credit risk on the 
Issuer than creditors benefiting from security interests from the Issuer. Credit risk refers to the risk 
that the Issuer may be unable to meet its financial obligations under the Notes. If the creditworthiness 
of the Issuer deteriorates and notwithstanding Condition 10 (Events of Default) which enables the 
Noteholders to request the redemption of the Notes, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment 
obligations under the Notes, which could materially and negatively impact the Noteholders which may 
lose all or part of their investment.  
The implementation in France of EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive could materially 
adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders and the price or value of the Notes 
As a credit institution, the Issuer is subject to Directive 2014/59/EU (as amended by Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019), which provides for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive or BRRD II), implemented in 
France by several legislative texts to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity.  
If it is determined that the Issuer is failing or likely to fail within the meaning of, and under the 
conditions set by BRRD II, and the relevant resolution authority applies any, or a combination, of the 
BRRD II resolution tools (e.g. sale of business, creation of a bridge institution, asset separation or bail-

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
in), any shortfall from the sale of the Issuer's assets may lead to a partial reduction in the outstanding 
amounts of certain claims of unsecured creditors of the Issuer (including the Notes), or, in a worst case 
scenario, a reduction to zero. The unsecured debt claims of the Issuer (including the Notes) might also 
be converted into equity or other instruments of ownership, in accordance with the hierarchy of claims 
in normal insolvency proceedings, which equity or other instruments could also be subject to any 
future cancellation, transfer or dilution. The relevant resolution authority may also seek to amend the 
terms of the Notes such as variation of the maturity, which could negatively affect the value of the 
Notes for the purpose of re-selling.  
Public financial support to resolve the Issuer where there is a risk of failure will only be used as a last 
resort, after having assessed and exploited the above resolution tools, including the bail-in tool, to the 
maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability.  
The powers set out in the BRRD II might impact the activity and financial condition of the Issuer as 
well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Noteholders may be subject to the application 
of the general bail-in tool, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. As 
a result, the exercise of any power under the BRRD II or any suggestion of such exercise could 
materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the 
Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes, and as a result investors 
may lose their entire investment. 
French Insolvency Law 
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the 
extent that, where applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France.  
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into 
French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such Ordonnance, applicable as 
from 1st October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption 
of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this Ordonnance, “affected parties” 
(including notably creditors, and therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which 
reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall 
be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient 
commonality of interest based on verifiable criteria. Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the 
proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a 
specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Noteholders will be grouped 
into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may 
possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
Both the scopes of the Directive (EU) 2019/1023 and the Ordonnance do not cover financial 
institutions, unless the competent authority chooses to make them applicable. In such a case, the 
application of French insolvency law to a credit institution as the Issuer is also subject to the prior 
permission of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution before the opening of any safeguard, 
judicial reorganisation or liquidation procedures. This limitation will affect the ability of the 
Noteholders to recover their investments in the Notes. 
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer 
would have a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a 
consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties could negatively and significantly 
impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able 
to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors and such modification may result in a negative impact on the market value 
of the Notes 
Condition 12 (Representation of Noteholders) contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders 
to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend or vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. If a decision is adopted by a majority of 
Noteholders and such modifications were to impair or limit the rights of Noteholders, this may have a 
negative impact on the market value of the Notes and hence the Noteholders may lose part of their 
investment. 
Withholding taxes 
As contemplated in Condition 8(a) (Taxation), the Notes may be subject to withholding taxes. In such 
circumstances the Issuer would normally be obliged to make gross up payments in order to compensate 
Noteholders for the amount withheld. However, in certain circumstances contemplated in Condition 
8(b), such gross-up would not be obligatory and this would result in holders receiving less interest 
than expected and could significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
2.2 
Risks relating specifically to the Senior Non Preferred Notes  
The Senior Non Preferred Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event potentially limiting their market value 
The Issuer may (pursuant to Condition 7.3 (Optional Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon 
the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event)) at its option, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes at any time at the applicable Early Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, together with accrued but unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption, upon or following the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event (as these terms are 
defined in Condition 7.3 (Optional Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence 
of a MREL Disqualification Event)). 
The early redemption of the Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event will be subject to the prior permission of the Relevant Regulator and/or the 
Relevant Resolution Authority as required under the Applicable Banking Regulations and may only 
take place in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
It is not possible to predict whether or not the Senior Non Preferred Notes will or may qualify as 
MREL-Eligible Notes (see "The qualification of the Senior Non Preferred Notes as MREL-Eligible 
Notes is subject to uncertainty") or if any further change in the laws or regulations of France, or to the 
Applicable Banking Regulations, or in the application or official interpretation thereof will occur and 
so lead to the circumstances in which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, and if so whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise such option to redeem such Notes or 
any prior permission of the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, as required 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations, will be given. 
Early redemption features (including any redemption of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7.3 (Optional 
Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event)) 
are likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may redeem the 
Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which 
they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period or at any time where there 
is any actual increase in the likelihood that the Issuer will be able to redeem the Notes early. The Issuer 
may be expected to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. The Noteholder may thus not receive the total amount of the 
capital invested. In addition, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early 
redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. Should 
the Notes at such time be trading well above the price set for redemption, the negative impact on the 
Noteholders' anticipated returns would be significant. 
The qualification of the Senior Non Preferred Notes as MREL-Eligible Notes is subject to 
uncertainty 
As contemplated by Condition 3 (Status of the Notes), the Senior Non Preferred Notes are intended, 
for regulatory purposes, to be eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined 
in Condition 7.3 (Optional Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event)) (MREL-Eligible Notes).  
If for any reason the Senior Non Preferred Notes are not MREL-Eligible Notes (or if they initially are 
MREL-Eligible Notes and subsequently become ineligible due to a change in French law or applicable 
MREL Requirements), then an MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 7.3 (Optional 
Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event)) 
will occur, with the consequences indicated in the risk factor above and as a result, Noteholders may 
lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
Waiver of set-off 
In accordance with Condition 3 (Status of the Notes), holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes waive 
any right of set-off, compensation and retention in relation to such Senior Non Preferred Notes in 
respect of any amount owed to them by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with 
the Senior Non Preferred Notes, and each holder of Senior Non Preferred Notes will be deemed to 
have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention, insofar as permitted by applicable 
law. As a result, holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes will not at any time be entitled to set-off the 
Issuer's obligations under the Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer. This prohibition 
of set-off could therefore have an adverse impact on the counterparty risk for a holder of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes in the event that the Issuer were to become insolvent.  
Holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes will have limited remedies 
Pursuant to Condition 10.2 (Events of Default – Senior Non Preferred Notes), payment of principal 
and accrued but unpaid interest on the Senior Non Preferred Notes shall be accelerated only in the 
event that an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation (liquidation judiciaire 
or liquidation amiable) of the Issuer. Condition 10.2 do not provide for events of default allowing for 
the acceleration of such Notes in other circumstances. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any 
obligations under such Notes, including the payment of any interest, Noteholders will not be able to 
accelerate the payment of principal, and the sole remedy available to Noteholders will be the institution 
of proceedings to enforce such payment, which could be time-consuming and costly.  
This could result in significant delays in the payment of interest or principal and could have an adverse 
impact on the Noteholders seeking repayment. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or part of their 
investment in the Senior Non Preferred Notes.  
The Senior Non Preferred Notes are senior non preferred obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations 
Pursuant to Condition 3 (Status of the Notes), in order to be eligible to satisfy the MREL of the Issuer, 
Senior Non Preferred Notes will be subordinated to existing senior debt and Senior Preferred Notes 
and bailed in before such senior debt in the event of resolution under the BRRD II. As a result, the

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
default risk on the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be higher than the risk associated with senior 
preferred debt (such as Senior Preferred Notes) and other senior liabilities. 
Although Senior Non Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior 
Preferred Notes which are not subordinated, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior Non 
Preferred Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become (i) subject to resolution 
under the BRRD II and the Senior Non Preferred Notes become subject to the application of the general 
bail-in tool under BRRD II or (ii) insolvent. Thus, such holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes face an 
increased performance risk compared to holders of Senior Preferred Obligations and could lose all or 
a significant part of their investments if the Issuer were to enter into resolution or judicial liquidation 
proceedings (liquidation judiciaire). 
If a judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the 
holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes will be subordinated to the payment in full of the senior 
preferred creditors of the Issuer and any other creditors that are senior to the Notes. In the event of 
incomplete payment of senior preferred creditors and other creditors ranking ahead of the claims of 
the holders of Senior Non Preferred Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the principal 
of the Senior Non Preferred Notes will be terminated. The Noteholders shall be responsible for taking 
all steps necessary for the orderly accomplishment of any collective proceedings or voluntary 
liquidation in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
The terms of the Senior Non Preferred Notes contain no negative pledge, and the Issuer is not 
prevented from issuing, incurring or guaranteeing additional debt 
Pursuant to Condition 4 (Negative Pledge), subject to complying with applicable regulatory 
requirements in respect of the Issuer's leverage and capital ratios, there is no restriction on the amount 
or type of further securities or indebtedness that the Issuer may issue, incur or guarantee, as the case 
may be, that rank pari passu with, or senior to, the Senior Non Preferred Notes. The issue or 
guaranteeing of any such further securities or indebtedness may reduce the amount recoverable by 
holders on a liquidation or winding-up of the Issuer and may limit such Issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations under the Notes as described further in the risk factor above entitled "The Senior Non 
Preferred Notes are senior non preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations". In 
addition, the Senior Non Preferred Notes do not contain any restriction (such as a negative pledge) on 
the Issuer issuing securities that may have preferential rights to the Notes or securities with similar or 
different provisions to those described herein. 
As a result of this differentiating component as compared to most senior bonds because of the nature 
of the Notes, the Noteholders will not benefit from protection that would secure the ranking of the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
2.3 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most material 
such risks. 
(a) 
Early Redemption Risks 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return with the result that an investor's return may be less than 
anticipated 
According to Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes 
may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer, including a Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer (as described in Condition 7.5 (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer (Make-Whole Call)).  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. As such, an investor's return may be less than 
anticipated. 
In the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, redemption at the option of the Issuer provided for in 
Condition 7.11 (Restriction on Early Redemption or Purchase of the Senior Non Preferred Notes) will 
be subject to the prior consent of the Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority (as these 
terms are defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) if and as required therefor under 
Applicable Banking Regulations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and may only 
take place in accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
Any decision by the Issuer as to whether it will exercise its option to redeem the Notes will be taken 
at the absolute discretion of the Issuer (and, in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, subject to 
Applicable Banking Regulations as described above) with regard to factors such as, but not limited to, 
the economic impact of exercising such option to redeem the Notes, any tax consequences, the 
regulatory capital requirements and the prevailing market conditions. As such, unless the relevant Final 
Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable at the option of the Noteholders, they may be required to 
bear the financial risks of an investment in the Notes until maturity.  
As a consequence of an early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redemption amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes 
paid by the Noteholder. The Noteholder may thus not receive the total amount of the capital invested. 
In addition, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may 
be able to do so only in securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. Should the Notes at 
such time be trading well above the price set for redemption, the negative impact on the Noteholders' 
anticipated returns would be significant and as a result, Noteholders may lose part of or their entire 
investment.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
Partial redemption at the Issuer's option, or exercise of a put option by Noteholders, may adversely 
affect the liquidity of the Notes and the value at which Noteholders could sell their Notes  
The Issuer Call option (provided in Condition 7.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) 
and the Make-Whole Redemption (provided in Condition 7.5 (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer 
(Make-Whole Call)) (except with respect to Senior Non Preferred Notes) are exercisable in whole or 
in part (if so provided in the case of the Issuer Call option). If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes 
in part, such partial redemption shall be effected by the application of a pool factor (corresponding to 
a reduction of the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
redeemed). 
The exercise of such options by the Issuer, or the exercise by one or more of the Noteholders of their 
right to require redemption of the Notes at their option (pursuant to Condition 7.6 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) (except with respect to Senior Non Preferred Notes), may 
adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes remaining in circulation. Depending on the number of Notes 
of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised, any trading market in respect of 
these Notes may become illiquid. In such case, holders of Notes remaining in circulation might not be 
able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that would provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments and as a result, Noteholders may lose part of or their entire investment. 
(b) 
Interest Rate Risks 
Risks related to Fixed Rate Notes  
Condition 5.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) allows the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of 
interest to Noteholders. Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates 
subsequently increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value 
of the Fixed Rate Notes and potentially decrease the yield. While the nominal interest rate of the Fixed 
Rate Notes is fixed during the term of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital markets 
typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the market value of the Fixed 
Rate Notes would typically change in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the 
market value of the Fixed Rate Notes would typically fall, until the yield of such Notes is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the market value of the 
Notes would typically increase, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market 
interest rate. The degree to which the market interest rate may vary presents a significant risk to the 
market value of the Fixed Rate Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of such Notes. 
Noteholders will not be able to calculate their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes in advance 
Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) allows the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a floating rate 
of interest to Noteholders. Interest income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to 
varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at 
the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of 
investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the applicable Final Terms provide for frequent 
interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. 
That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates 
then prevailing. In addition, the Issuer's ability to issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value 
and secondary market (if any) of the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
The degree to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount payable on any 
Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest 
Payment Date and may negatively impact the return under the Floating Rate Notes and result in a 
reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of such Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), the Rate of 
Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that 
constitute “benchmarks” for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the 
Benchmarks Regulation) published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applicable 
since 1 January 2018. 
Where the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify that the Rate of Interest 
for such Notes will be determined by reference to the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR), it 
should be noted that such "benchmark" is the subject of recent national and international regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still 
to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmark to perform differently than in the past, 
to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have an adverse effect on the value of any Notes 
referencing such a benchmark.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of benchmarks of administrators that are 
not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.2(h) (Benchmark Discontinuation) which seek to offset 
any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have an adverse impact on 
the value of any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular:  
 
if an index that is a “benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity in 
certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a 
non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and 
 
if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have 
the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the "benchmark" and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their 
investment. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have an adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole 
or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are 
linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-
back provisions applicable to such Notes - please refer to the risk factor entitled “Floating Rate Notes

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
– risks relating to benchmark discontinuation” below). Depending on the manner in which a 
benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, this may, in certain 
circumstances, (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, results in the application of 
a backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of 
a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate 
Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied 
in the previous period when the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has 
amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional 
provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The 
existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal 
of the European Union on 12 February 2021 (the Amending Regulation), which applies since 13 
February 2021. 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down 
of certain benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain 
benchmarks on the European Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial 
instruments. These provisions could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, 
certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark in the event that 
the fallback provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are deemed unsuitable.  
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the 
end of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 
2025, if necessary. 
Floating Rate Notes – risks relating to benchmark discontinuation 
Condition 5.2(h) (Benchmark Discontinuation) provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event 
that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an Original Reference Rate and/or any page on which an 
Original Reference Rate may be published, becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any 
Notes by reference to such an Original Reference Rate under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference 
to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5.2(h)), with or without the 
application of an adjustment spread and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes to ensure the proper operation of the Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, all as determined 
by an Independent Adviser, appointed in accordance with Condition 5.2(h). An adjustment spread, if 
applied could be positive or negative and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to 
the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of an Original Reference Rate. However, it may 
not be possible to determine or apply an adjustment spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such 
adjustment spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If no 
adjustment spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used 
to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the 
application of an adjustment spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original 
Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than 
they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is 
determined, or if such a rate is determined but, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as regulatory 
capital or eligible liabilities, where applicable, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of 
the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Due to 
the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement 
of an Independent Adviser, the potential for further regulatory developments and the fact that the 
provisions of Condition 5.2(h) (Benchmark Discontinuation) will not be applied if and to the extent 
that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as regulatory capital or eligible liabilities, where 
applicable, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the 
relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
and as a consequence, Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes 
or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes. Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust 
the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above 
without the prior consent of the Noteholders. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial 
consequences and such adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted bonds 
Condition 7.10 (Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes) allows the Issuer to issue Zero Coupon Notes. 
Changes in market interest rates generally have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero 
Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary notes because the discounted issue prices of the Zero 
Coupon Notes are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can 
suffer higher price losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their 
leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price 
risk. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to 
higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes. Any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of 
the Notes.  
(c) 
Risks related to Green Bonds 
The use of proceeds of the Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment criterion 
for Noteholders seeking exposure to green assets 
As described in the section entitled "Use of Proceeds" of this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms relating 
to a specific Tranche of Notes issued as Green Bonds may provide that it is the Issuer's intention to 
apply the net proceeds or an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of those Notes to 
finance and/or refinance loans and lease contracts for passenger and light commercial vehicles with 
zero specific CO2 emissions as well as for zero tailpipe CO2 emission quadricycles (as Eligible 
Assets) as further described in the Issuer's Green Financing Framework dated 21 December 2022 (as 
amended and supplemented from time to time) available on the Issuer’s website (https://www.banque-
stellantis-france.com/en/financial-information/financial-documentation). 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds or an amount equivalent to the net 
proceeds of the Notes issued as Green Bond to the Eligible Assets and to report on the application of 
such proceeds to the Eligible Assets in, or substantially in, the manner described in under the "Use of 
Proceeds" section and/or in the applicable Final Terms, there is no contractual obligation to do so and

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
the relevant loans and lease contracts may not be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, 
such manner and/or in accordance with any timeframe, and accordingly such proceeds may not be 
totally or partially disbursed for such loans and lease contracts as planned and such loans and lease 
contracts may not be completed within any specified period or at all. In addition, the Notes or the loans 
and lease contracts they finance and/or refinance may not have the results or outcome (whether or not 
related to the environmental objectives) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. The use of 
proceeds of the Green Bonds identified in the Final Terms may not satisfy, whether in whole or in 
part, any present or future expectations or requirements or meet investment criteria or guidelines with 
which an investor or its investments are required, or intend, to comply, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental or sustainability impact of any assets, the subject of or related to, the 
Green Financing Framework. 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be 
defined as, a “green” or equivalently labelled project is still under development. On 18 June 2020, 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment 
(the Taxonomy) was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the Taxonomy 
Regulation). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or 
“taxonomy”, which provides companies and investors with a common language for determining which 
economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. The Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2021/2139 of 4 June 2021 (the Climate Delegated Act) establishing the technical 
screening criteria for determining which economic activities can be considered as contributing 
substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for determining whether 
that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives entered 
into force on 1 January 2022. It was completed by the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2022/1214 of 9 March 2022, including under strict conditions, specific nuclear and gas energy 
activities in the list of economic activities covered by the Taxonomy, which applies as from January 
2023. Lastly, on 13 June 2023, the European Commission approved in principal a new set of 
Taxonomy criteria for economic activities making a substantial contribution to one or more of the non-
climate environmental objectives, namely (i) sustainable use and protection of water and marine 
resources, (ii) transition to a circular economy, (iii) pollution prevention and control, and (iv) 
protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems, and the Climate Delegated Act has been 
complemented with new economic activities contributing to climate change mitigation and adaptation 
including in particular the manufacturing and transport sectors, triggering amendments to Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 of 6 July 2021 to clarify the disclosure obligations for the 
aforementioned additional activities.  
In addition, a provisional political agreement has been reached in February 2023 on the legislative 
proposal for a European Green Bond Standard, which will be a voluntary label for issuers of green 
bonds where the proceeds will be invested in economic activities aligned with the EU Taxonomy. 
However, the provisional political agreement remains subject to change and there is no assurance if or 
when such European Green Bond Standard will be confirmed and adopted by the European Council 
and European Parliament. Any Notes issued under this Programme are not expected to be aligned with 
such European Green Bond Standard and are intended to comply with the criteria and processes set 
out in the Green Financing Framework, which predates the potential adoption of the European Green 
Bond Standard but may be updated in the future to take this into account. The European Green Bond 
Standard, if and when implemented, may have an impact on investor demand for, and pricing of, green 
bonds (such as Notes issued as Green Bonds under this Programme) that do not meet such standard. It 
could reduce demand and liquidity for the Notes and their price.  
In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green and 
sustainable market, alignment of any Eligible Assets with the EU Taxonomy is not certain and any 
such project might not meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green" or "sustainable" 
or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Sustainalytics has issued an independent opinion on the Issuer's Green Financing Framework (the 
Second Party Opinion, as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section). The Second Party Opinion is 
only current as at the date it is released and may be updated, suspended or withdrawn by Sustainalytics 
at any time. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not intended to 
address any credit, market or other aspects of any investment in any Note, including without limitation 
market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security or any other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes. Currently the providers of green evaluations are not subject to any 
specific regulatory regime or other oversight. 
It would not be an event of default under the Notes if the Issuer were to fail to observe the use of 
proceeds of the Notes (or amounts equivalent thereto) as specified in this Base Prospectus or to fulfil 
its intentions as regards reporting. Furthermore, any such failure will not (i) give rise to any claim or 
right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the Green Bonds) of a Noteholder 
against the Issuer or any other person, (ii) require or permit the Issuer to redeem such Green Bonds or 
(iii) affect the regulatory treatment of such Green Bonds as eligible liabilities for the purposes of 
MREL if such Green Bonds are also Senior Non Preferred Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, 
payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds shall not depend 
on the performance of the Eligible Assets. Noteholders of any Green Bonds shall have no preferential 
rights or priority against the Eligible Assets nor benefit from any arrangements to enhance the 
performance of the Green Bonds. 
Any of such events aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets (which 
consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the Notes not falling within the 
investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
2.4 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk and exchange rate risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
The relevant Final Terms of a Series of Notes may indicate that the Notes are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market, such as Euronext Paris. An active trading market for the Notes may never 
develop, or, if one does develop, it may not be maintained. If an active trading market for the Notes 
does not develop or is not maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be 
adversely affected. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
The Issuer may issue further Notes, as described in Condition 13 (Further Issues). Such transactions 
may favourably or adversely affect the price development of the Notes. If additional and competing 
products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, 
the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The relevant Final Terms for a Series of Notes will specify the Specified Currency. The Issuer will 
pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk 
that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over 
the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on 
the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments 
in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or 
no interest or principal. 
Market value of the Notes 
Application may be made to list and admit any Tranche of Notes issued hereunder to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market, as it shall be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, 
financial and political events in France or elsewhere, and including factors affecting capital markets 
generally and Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market or stock exchanges on which the 
Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may 
be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such 
Noteholder. The value of the Notes will also depend on the creditworthiness of the Issuer. Accordingly, 
all or part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that 
the Noteholder in such case would receive significantly less than the total amount of capital invested.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the information mentioned in the 
correspondence table below and contained in the documents listed below (refer to the links below), which have 
been previously or simultaneously published and/or filed with the AMF. These documents are incorporated 
into this Base Prospectus and are deemed to form an integral part thereof, it being understood that only the 
pages and sections of these documents that are indicated in the correspondence table below are deemed to be 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the sections referred to in the table below included in the English translation of the 2022 Rapport 
Annuel of Banque Stellantis France (previously known as PSA Banque France) (the 2022 Annual 
Report), which has previously been published and was filed with the AMF on 16 June 2023 
(https://www.banque-stellantis-france.com/sites/psabf/files/psa-files/Finance/2022 
Annual 
report.pdf); 
(b) 
the sections referred to in the table below included in the English translation of the 2021 Rapport 
Annuel of Banque Stellantis France (previously known as PSA Banque France) (the 2021 Annual 
Report), which has previously been published and was filed with the AMF on 22 June 2022 
(https://www.banque-stellantis-france.com/sites/psabf/files/psa-files/Finance/2021 
Annual 
report.pdf); 
(c) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes at pages 31 to 62 of the Base Prospectus dated 18 July 2022 (the 
2022 Terms and Conditions) (https://www.banque-stellantis-france.com/sites/psabf/files/psa-
files/EMTN/2022 PSA Banque France Base Prospectus.pdf); 
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes at pages 30 to 61 of the Base Prospectus dated 17 December 
2020 
(the 
2020 
Terms 
and 
Conditions) 
(https://www.banque-stellantis-
france.com/sites/psabf/files/psa-files/EMTN/2020 PSA Banque France Base Prospectus.pdf); and 
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes at pages 35 to 63 of the Base Prospectus dated 3 August 2018 
(the 2018 Terms and Conditions) (https://www.banque-stellantis-france.com/sites/psabf/files/2018 
PSA Banque France Base Prospectus.pdf). 
The documents incorporated by reference listed at (a) to (e) above are available on the Issuer's website and 
those documents only and no other information or documents of such website nor the website itself are 
incorporated 
by 
reference 
herein: 
https://www.banque-stellantis-france.com/en/financial-
information/financial-documentation.   
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) non-incorporated parts of the documents listed above and (ii) documents 
incorporated by reference into the documents listed above are not incorporated by reference pursuant to Article 
19.1 of the Prospectus Regulation as they are either not relevant for the investor or are covered elsewhere in 
the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or publish a 
new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document 
which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, 
except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus (together with any Final Terms relating to Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market) has been published on the AMF's website at www.amf-france.org.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
The cross-reference tables below set out the relevant page references for the information incorporated herein 
by reference: 
 
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 – 
Registration document for wholesale non-equity securities 
2022 Annual 
Report 
2021 Annual 
Report 
3 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are specific to the Issuer 
and that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the securities, in a limited number of categories, in a 
section headed "Risk Factors".  
In each category the most material risks, in the assessment of 
the Issuer, offeror or person asking for admission to trading on 
a regulated market, taking into account the negative impact on 
the Issuer and the probability of their occurrence, shall be set 
out first. The risk factors shall be corroborated by the content 
of the registration document. 
pages 21-116 
 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
 
 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the legislation under 
which the Issuer operates, its country of incorporation, the 
address and telephone number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different from its registered 
office) and website of the Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that 
the information on the website does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference 
into the prospectus. 
page 118 
 
 
 
5 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1. 
Principal Activities 
 
 
5.1.1 
A brief description of the Issuer's principal activities stating 
the main categories of products sold and/or services 
performed. 
pages 5-20 
 
See also section 
“Description of the 
Issuer” of this Base 
Prospectus for an 
update 
of 
such 
activities since the 
publication of the 
2022 
Annual 
Report.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 – 
Registration document for wholesale non-equity securities 
2022 Annual 
Report 
2021 Annual 
Report 
6 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
 
6.1 
If the Issuer is part of a group, a brief description of the group 
and of the Issuer's position within the group. This may be in 
the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram of the 
organisational structure if this helps to clarify the structure. 
page 5 
 
See also section 
“Description of the 
Issuer” of this Base 
Prospectus for an 
update 
of 
such 
structure since the 
publication of the 
2022 
Annual 
Report. 
 
6.2 
If the Issuer is dependent upon other entities within the group, 
this must be clearly stated together with an explanation of this 
dependence. 
page 6 
 
9 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions within the Issuer of 
the following persons, and an indication of the principal 
activities performed by them outside the Issuer where these are 
significant with respect to that Issuer: 
(a) 
members of the administrative, management or 
 
supervisory bodies. 
pages 119-122 
 
See also section 
“Description of the 
Issuer” of this Base 
Prospectus for an 
update since the 
publication of the 
2022 
Annual 
Report. 
 
9.2 
Administrative, management and supervisory bodies conflicts 
of interests 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer 
of the persons referred to in item 9.1 and their private interests 
and or other duties must be clearly stated. In the event that 
there are no such conflicts, a statement to that effect must be 
made. 
page 119 
 
 
 
11 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 
Historical Financial Information 
 
 
11.1.1 
Historical financial information covering the latest two 
financial years (at least 24 months) or such shorter period as 
the Issuer has been in operation and the audit report in respect 
of each year. 
 
 
pages 165-217 
pages 159-210

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Annex 7 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 – 
Registration document for wholesale non-equity securities 
2022 Annual 
Report 
2021 Annual 
Report 
11.1.3 
Accounting standards 
The financial information must be prepared according to 
International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. 
pages 174-179 
pages 168-173 
11.1.5 
Consolidated financial statements  
If the Issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated 
financial statements, include at least the consolidated financial 
statements in the registration document. 
pages 165-214 
pages 159-206 
11.1.6 
Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial 
information may not be older than 18 months from the date of 
the registration document. 
pages 165-214 
 
11.2 
Auditing of historical financial information 
 
 
11.2.1 
The historical financial information must be independently 
audited. The audit report shall be prepared in accordance with 
the Directive 2006/43/CE and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
pages 215-217 
pages 207-210 
11.2.1a 
Where audit reports on the historical financial information 
have been refused by the statutory auditors or where they 
contain qualifications, modifications of opinion, disclaimers 
or an emphasis of matter, the reason must be given, and such 
qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or emphasis of 
matter must be reproduced in full. 
N/A 
N/A 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a 
period covering, at least the previous 12 months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
Issuer and/or group's financial position or profitability, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement. 
page 11 
 
 
Previous Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
2022 Terms and Conditions 
pages 31 to 62 of the Base Prospectus dated 18 July 2022 
2020 Terms and Conditions 
pages 30 to 61 of the Base Prospectus dated 17 December 2020 
2018 Terms and Conditions 
pages 35 to 63 of the Base Prospectus dated 3 August 2018 
If documents which are incorporated by reference themselves incorporate any information or other 
documents therein, either expressly or implicitly, such information or other documents will not form part of 
this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation except where such information or 
other documents are specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. The text of the terms and conditions 
will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed, 
by the relevant Final Terms. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to Notes are to the Notes of 
one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.  
An agency agreement dated 10 July 2023 has been agreed between Banque Stellantis France (the Issuer) and 
Société Générale as fiscal agent and the other agents named in it (the Agency Agreement). The fiscal agent, 
the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time 
being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents (which expression 
shall include the Fiscal Agent), the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Calculation 
Agent(s). 
References below to Conditions are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
The final terms of a particular issue of Notes are set out in the Final Terms which complete these Terms and 
Conditions (the Conditions). References to the applicable Final Terms are to the Final Terms relating to the 
Notes.  
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, Regulated Market means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (EEA) as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, and day or days means calendar days unless the context otherwise 
specifies. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and shall 
be construed as provided below.  
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE AND REDENOMINATION  
1.1 
Form  
Notes shall be issued in dematerialised form. 
Title to the Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 and R.211-1 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title 
(including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier) will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
The Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur), 
which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (Euroclear France) (acting as central 
depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered dematerialised form 
(au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder either in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account held by Euroclear France and in the books

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on 
behalf of the Issuer (the Registration Agent). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Account Holder means any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with Euroclear 
France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and the depositary bank for Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. (Clearstream). 
1.2 
Denomination  
Notes shall be issued in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the denomination (the Specified 
Denomination) as set out in the relevant Final Terms. The minimum specified denomination shall be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. The Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
1.3 
Title  
(a) 
Title to the Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to the 
Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes 
may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent. 
(b) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as 
defined below) of any Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner 
for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an 
interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating 
the holder. 
(c) 
In these Conditions, holder of Notes, holder of any Note or Noteholder means the person 
whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes, and capitalised terms 
have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning 
indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
1.4 
Redenomination  
(a) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, by giving at least 30 days' notice in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices) and on or after the date on which the European Member State in 
whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State 
in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended from time to time (the Treaty)), 
or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, EMU), 
redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series (as defined below) into Euro 
and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination set out in the 
relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination 
becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the Redenomination Date. 
(b) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1.4 shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest €0.01 (with €0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting 
from conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national 
currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro 
denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices). Any balance remaining from the redenomination with a denomination 
higher than €0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest €0.01 (with 
€0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the 
Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(d) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation 
pursuant to Condition 13 (Further Issues), without the consent of the holder of any Note, make 
any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 13 (Further Issues) (including, 
without limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day 
convention, principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual 
basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated 
euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such 
holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on 
the holders of Notes and shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 
(Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(e) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note or other 
person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit 
or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
2. 
CONVERSION AND EXCHANGES OF NOTES 
(a) 
Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted into Notes in 
registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in 
administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(b) 
Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be converted into Notes 
in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(c) 
Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the Noteholder, 
be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice 
versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with 
Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be 
effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The ability to issue Senior Non Preferred Notes, as provided by this Condition, is provided by Article 
151 of the Loi relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et à la modernisation de la 
vie économique (the Loi Sapin 2), which has amended Article L.613-30-3 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier to create a new "senior non preferred notes" ranking. The Loi Sapin 2 was 
definitively adopted by the French parliament on 9 November 2016 and entered into force following 
its publication to the Official Journal of the French Republic (Journal Officiel de la République 
Française) on 12 December 2016 (the Effective Date).

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non Preferred Notes, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
3.1 
Senior Preferred Notes  
If the Notes are Senior Preferred Notes, the Notes will be Senior Preferred Obligations and the Notes 
are direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at all times 
rank: 
(a) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Preferred Obligations; 
(b) 
senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations; and 
(c) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from other preferred exceptions. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation amiable or 
liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other similar proceedings affecting 
the Issuer, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the Senior Preferred Notes rank: 
(i) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from other preferred exceptions; and 
(ii) 
senior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations. 
3.2 
Senior Non Preferred Notes 
If the Notes are Senior Non Preferred Notes the Notes will be Senior Non Preferred Obligations and 
the Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer and rank and will at 
all times rank: 
(a) 
pari passu among themselves and with other Senior Non Preferred Obligations;  
(b) 
senior to Eligible Creditors of the Issuer, Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations and any other 
present or future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non Preferred Obligations; and 
(c) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from preferred exceptions and to Senior 
Preferred Obligations. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of the voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation amiable or 
liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, bankruptcy proceedings or any other similar proceedings affecting 
the Issuer, the rights of Noteholders to payment under the Senior Non Preferred Notes rank: 
(i) 
junior to present and future claims benefiting from preferred exceptions and Senior 
Preferred Obligations; and 
(ii) 
senior to any Eligible Creditors of the Issuer, Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations 
and any other present or future claims otherwise ranking junior to Senior Non 
Preferred Obligations.  
Eligible Creditors means creditors holding subordinated claims that rank or are expressed to rank 
senior to the subordinated notes issued by the Issuer. 
Ordinarily Subordinated Obligations means any subordinated obligations or other instruments 
issued by the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu among themselves, and are direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer but in priority to prêts participatifs 
granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any deeply subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer (engagements dits "super subordonnés", i.e. engagements subordonnés de dernier rang).

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Senior Non Preferred Obligations means any senior (chirographaires) obligations (including the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the Issuer which fall or are expressed 
to fall within the category of obligations described in Article L. 613-30-3–I-4° and R.613-28 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier.  
Senior Preferred Obligations means any senior (chirographaires) obligations (including the Senior 
Preferred Notes) of, or other instruments issued by, the Issuer, which fall or are expressed to fall within 
the category of obligations described in Article L. 613-30-3–I-3° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Senior Non Preferred Notes shall be treated, for regulatory 
purposes, as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. The obligations of the 
Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Non Preferred Notes shall not be affected if 
the Senior Non Preferred Notes no longer qualify as eligible liabilities to meet the MREL 
Requirements. However, in such circumstances, the Issuer may redeem the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes in accordance with Condition 7.3 (Optional Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon 
the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event). 
If the Issuer becomes subject to the bail-in power pursuant to BRRD II or if, in advance of the exercise 
of the bail-in power certain conditions are satisfied, Notes might become subject to (i) total or partial 
depreciation or conversion into capital (own funds Category 1) or other securities, and/or (ii) other 
resolution measures, such as the modification of the Conditions. Consequently Noteholders could lose 
all or part of their capital invested in the Notes either upon resolution of the Issuer or, if certain 
conditions are met, in advance of such resolution. Due to their ranking Notes issued under the 
Programme (whether Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non Preferred Notes) could become subject to 
such conversion or depreciation prior to other securities and/or obligations ranking in priority to such 
Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all Notes outstanding issued prior to the Effective Date or (ii) not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior Non Preferred Notes (and issued prior to the Effective 
Date) constitute Senior Preferred Obligations from the Effective Date. 
3.3 
Waiver of Set-Off 
In relation to Senior Non Preferred Notes, no holder of any Senior Non Preferred Note may at any 
time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has 
or may have or acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any 
and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or any non-contractual obligations, in each case 
whether or not relating to such Note) and each such holder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived 
Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and 
potential rights, claims and liabilities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 3 is intended to provide or shall be construed as 
acknowledging any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that 
any such right is or would be available to any holder of any Note but for this Condition 3. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3, Waived Set-Off Rights means any and all rights of or claims of 
any holder of any Senior Non Preferred Note for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention 
or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any such Senior Non 
Preferred Note.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Senior Preferred Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or have 
outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a Security Interest) 
upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues 
(including any uncalled capital) of the Issuer to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), 
unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in 
any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Senior Preferred Notes are secured by the Security Interest 
equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(b) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a 
Security Interest) is provided as is approved by the Masse of the Noteholders. 
Provided that such restriction shall not apply to (i) any securitisation or collateralisation of assets 
concluded in the normal course of business of the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary or (ii) any 
arrangement whereby any Security Interest is created in connection with any asset backed 
securitisation programme involving the Issuer or any Principal Subsidiary. 
If the Notes are Senior Non Preferred Notes, the above restriction shall not apply to such Notes. 
4.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Relevant Indebtedness means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, 
interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds or other debt securities of, or issued by, 
the Issuer which (with the consent of the Issuer) are for the time being quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt 
in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market. 
Principal Subsidiary means at any relevant time a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total assets or net banking revenue (or, where the Subsidiary in question prepares 
consolidated accounts, whose total consolidated assets or net consolidated banking revenue, 
as the case may be) attributable to the Issuer represents not less than 10 per cent. of the total 
consolidated assets or the net consolidated banking revenue of the Issuer, as calculated by 
reference to the then latest audited accounts (or consolidated accounts as the case may be) of 
such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its 
consolidated Subsidiaries; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all the assets and undertaking of a Subsidiary which 
immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary. 
Subsidiary means, at any particular time, any company which is directly or indirectly controlled, or 
more than 50 per cent. of whose equity share capital (or equivalent) is then beneficially owned, by the 
Issuer and/or one of more of its Subsidiaries. In order for one company to be "controlled" by another 
that other company (whether directly or indirectly and whether by the ownership of share capital, the 
possession of voting power, contract or otherwise) shall have the power to appoint and/or remove all 
or the majority of the members of the Board of Directors or other governing body of the first company 
or shall otherwise have control or the power to control the affairs and/or policies of such first company.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the Specified Denomination, and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day 
Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
I. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
II. 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) 
divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5.2(a)(ii) (Interest Payment Dates) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day 
in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or 
(b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business 
Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if T2 is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 
or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall be Sydney) or (2) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may have a Maximum Rate of Interest, a Minimum Rate of Interest or both, it 
being specified that in no event will the relevant Interest Amount be less than zero. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Fiscal Agent under an interest rate 
swap transaction if the Fiscal Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
(ii) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
paragraph (ii), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(B) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) is the first day of that Interest Period unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Conditions:  
FBF means the Fédération Bancaire Française. 
FBF Definitions means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments and the technical schedules (additifs techniques) 
published from time to time by the FBF, and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes. 
"Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), "Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable) and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the meanings given 
to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that "EURIBOR" means the rate calculated 
for deposits in euro which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, as more fully described in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being the Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate (EURIBOR), as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Fiscal Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Fiscal Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
as at the specified time, the Fiscal Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide 
the Fiscal Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the specified time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Fiscal Agent with offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Fiscal 
Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Fiscal Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Fiscal Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Fiscal Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at approximately the specified time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Fiscal Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the specified time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more 
banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) 
informs the Fiscal Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In these Conditions Reference Banks means the principal Euro-zone office of four major 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Fiscal Agent. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest, it being specified that in no event will 
the relevant Interest Amount be less than zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
The Fiscal Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating 
Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the Specified 
Denomination and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30;

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) 
if "Actual/365 — FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator 
is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 
365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual /365 — FBF shall mean the

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the non-
leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number 
of actual days elapsed during the leap year and whose denominator is 366; 
(ix) 
if "Actual/Actual - FBF" is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of each 
calculation, the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of calendar days elapsed during 
such period and whose denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation 
Period). 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen 
Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating 
Rate Option (where ISDA Determination or FBF Determination, as applicable, is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Fiscal Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth T2 Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression T2 Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which T2 is open. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 by the 
Fiscal Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence 
of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall 
attach to the Fiscal Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties 
and discretions pursuant to such provisions.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
(h) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms 
and Conditions of any Notes provide for any remaining rate of interest (or any component part thereof) 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, and Screen Rate Determination applies, 
then the following provisions shall apply and shall prevail over the other fallbacks specified in 
Condition 5.2(b)(ii) (Rate of Interest). 
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5.2(h)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5.2(h)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(h)(iv)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(h)(i) shall act in good faith 
as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents or the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest, or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.2(h). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5.2(h)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant 
component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 5.2(h)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.2(h)(iv)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of 
Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 5.2(h)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference 
to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 5.2(h) and the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (i) that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days, or Relevant Screen 
Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 5.2(h)(v), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.2(h), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, notify the 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in 
accordance with Condition 11, the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined 
under this Condition 5.2(h). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective 
date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest 
error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the Issuer's obligations under the provisions of this Condition 5.2(h), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2(b) (Rate of 
Interest) will continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate 
of Interest has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be), and of any Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments. 
(vii) 
Regulatory Capital / Eligible Liabilities 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.2(h), no Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be effected, 
if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) to result in the Relevant Regulator 
treating the Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant maturity date. 
(viii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision (including the case 
where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is adopted pursuant to Condition 5.2(h)(vii)), the 
Original Reference Rate will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of 
Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions 
provided in Condition 5.2(b) (Rate of Interest) will continue to apply to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to 
elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5.2(h), mutatis mutandis, on one or more

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2(h) (and, until such determination and notification (if any), 
the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the other fallbacks specified in Condition 5.2(b) (Rate of Interest), will 
continue to apply in accordance with their terms). 
(ix) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5.2(h): 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders, as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(B) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (A) above 
does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt capital market 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(C) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the 
Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, determines to 
be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 5.2(h) and which is customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes; 
Benchmark Event means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (i); 
(E) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each 
case within the following six months;  
(F) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate, in the opinion of the supervisor, is 
no longer representative of an underlying market or that its method of calculation has 
significantly changed;  
(G) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or 
any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder, using 
the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended, if applicable); 
(H) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to article 35 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) of any 
benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish such Original Reference 
Rate has been adopted. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer 
at its own expense under this Condition 5.2(h); 
Original Reference Rate means EURIBOR, as originally specified for the purpose of 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on the 
Notes;  
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, and if, following a Benchmark 
Event, two or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those successor or 
replacement rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of 
the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars, shall be Sydney); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are 
subject, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. 
6.2 
Payments in respect of Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall (in the case of Notes in bearer 
dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account denominated 
in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, (in the 
case of Notes in fully registered form), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with a bank 
designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an 
effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
6.3 
Appointment of Agents  
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
at the end of this Base Prospectus. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Redenomination Agent, 
the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent expert(s) and, in each such case, do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination 
Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent,

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
(ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent 
and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) Paying Agents having specified 
offices in at least two major European cities (including Paris so long as the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, so long as the rules applicable to the relevant Regulated 
Market so require) (v) in the case of Notes, in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such 
other agents as may be required by any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed and 
admitted to trading. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1.4 with a view to consolidating 
such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 13 (Further Issues), 
the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and 
Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated 
with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
6.4 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, 
Payment Day means any day on which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)): 
(a) 
Euroclear France is opened for business; 
(b) 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each 
Additional Financial Centre (other than T2) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars shall be Sydney) or (2) in relation to any sum payable 
in euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
6.5 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 7.7 
(Early Redemption Amounts); and

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 
(Taxation). 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 7.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) and Condition 7.11 (Restriction on 
Early Redemption or Purchase of the Senior Non Preferred Notes), the Notes may be redeemed 
at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating 
Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), but subject, 
in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, to Condition 7.11 (Restriction on Early Redemption 
or Purchase of the Senior Non Preferred Notes), on giving not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) if: 
(i) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer would be obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of France or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a 
payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
(b) 
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal (in the case of Notes other than Senior 
Non Preferred Notes) or interest in respect of the Notes, be prevented by French law from 
making payment to the Noteholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding 
the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8 (Taxation) below, then 
the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may, but 
subject, in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes, to Condition 7.11 (Restriction on Early 
Redemption or Purchase of the Senior Non Preferred Notes), upon giving not less than 7 days' 
prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Notes then outstanding on the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of 
the Notes, provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date 
for redemption pursuant to such notice to Noteholders shall be the later of:

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
(i) 
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount 
then due and payable in respect of the Notes; and  
(ii) 
14 days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid. 
(c) 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
(d) 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 7.7 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Optional Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification Event 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, at any time, subject to 
Condition 7.11 (Restriction on Early Redemption or Purchase of the Senior Non Preferred Notes) and 
having given no less than 15 days' nor more than 30 days' of notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all but not some only of the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes then outstanding, at the Early Redemption Amount on the date specified 
in the notice of redemption, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption. 
For the purpose of these Conditions: 
MREL Disqualification Event means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result of a change in 
French and/or EU laws or regulations becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of a Series of 
Senior Non Preferred Notes, which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue 
Date of the Series, it is likely that all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such 
Series of Notes will be excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements 
(however called or defined by then applicable regulations) if the Issuer is then subject to such 
requirements, provided that a MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such Series of Notes 
is excluded on the basis (1) that the remaining maturity of such Notes is less than any period prescribed 
by any applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL Requirements, or (2) of any applicable limits on 
the amount of eligible liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirements. 
MREL Requirements means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or 
total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Banque Stellantis France 
Group referred to in the BRRD II, any other EU law or regulation and relevant implementing 
legislation and regulation in France. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and, in the case of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, subject to Condition 7.11 (Restriction on Early Redemption or Purchase of the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date.  
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount 
and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition, the redemption shall be 
effected by the application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all 
Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed). 
7.5 
Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer (Make-Whole Call)  
If Make-Whole Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption and the Make-Whole 
Redemption Rate), redeem all or some only of the Notes at any time or from time to time, prior to the 
Relevant Redemption Date (the Make-Whole Redemption Date), at the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount.  
In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes pursuant to this Condition, the redemption shall be 
effected by the application of a pool factor (corresponding to a reduction of the nominal amount of all 
Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed).  
This Condition 7.5 shall not apply in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount means, in respect of the Notes to be redeemed, an amount, 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, equal to the greater of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount of 
the Notes so redeemed and, (ii) the sum of the then present values as at the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Notes (excluding any 
interest accrued on the Notes from, and including, the last Interest Payment Date or, as the case may 
be, the Issue Date, immediately preceding such Make-whole Redemption Date to, but excluding, the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted from the Relevant Redemption Date to the 
relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus 
a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), plus in each case (i) 
or (ii) above, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate means the average of the four (4) quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) on the fourth (4th) Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date 
at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)). If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a 
Similar Security will be chosen by the Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (CET) on the third (3rd) 
Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
Reference Dealers means each of the four (4) banks selected by the Calculation Agent which are 
primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in 
pricing corporate bond issues. 
Relevant Redemption Date means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Optional Redemption Date, 
if an Issuer Call option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Similar Security means a reference bond or reference bonds having an actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Notes. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, (i) deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the 
time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or the Registration 
Agent, as the case may be, (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition and, (ii) transfer, or cause to be transferred, the 
Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent specified in the Put Notice.  
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.6 shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 7.6 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
The Investor Put shall not apply in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes and holders of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes may not request redemption of such Senior Non Preferred Notes prior to the Maturity 
Date. 
7.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Conditions 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and 7.3 (Optional Redemption of 
Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event) above and 
Condition 10 (Events of Default):  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Amortised Face Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated 
on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case 
the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 365).  
7.8 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 7.11 (Restriction on Early Redemption or Purchase of the Senior Non Preferred 
Notes), the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes at any price in the 
open market or otherwise.  
All Notes so purchased by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may (a) be held and resold or (b) 
be cancelled, each in accordance with applicable laws and/or regulations. 
7.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are purchased for cancellation or are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled. All Notes 
so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.8 (Purchases) above shall 
be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.10 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.3 
(Optional Redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification 
Event), 7.5 (Make-Whole Redemption by the Issuer (Make-Whole Call)) or 7.6 (Redemption at the 
option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided 
in Condition 10 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable 
in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.7(b) 
(Early Redemption Amounts) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced 
by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Fiscal Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
7.11 
Restriction on Early Redemption or Purchase of the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Condition 7, the Issuer may early redeem or purchase the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes (and give notice thereof to Noteholders) only if it has obtained the prior 
permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority and/or Relevant Regulator (as required by the 
Applicable Banking Regulations).

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Applicable Banking Regulations means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies of the Relevant Regulator (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have 
the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, as at the Issue Date the rules contained in, or implementing, 
CRD IV and/or the BRRD II). 
BRRD II means Directive 2014/59/EU of the Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms as 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014, as amended from time to 
time (including by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 which entered into force on 28 December 2020) or such other directive as may come in effect in 
the place thereof. 
CRD IV means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measures. 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 
2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as amended from time to time (including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019), or such other directive as may come 
into effect in place thereof. 
CRD IV Implementing Measures means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV 
Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, 
delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, 
national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Relevant Regulator, which 
are applicable to the Issuer and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer. 
CRR means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended from time 
to time (including by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019), or such other regulation as may come into effect in place thereof. 
CRD IV Rules means any or any combination of the CRD IV, the CRR and any CRD IV 
Implementing Measures. 
Relevant Regulator means the European Central Bank and any successor or replacement thereto, or 
other authority having primary responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer 
or the application of the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution, the Single 
Resolution Board established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, and/or any 
other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any powers under the BRRD II from 
time to time (including the Council of the European Union and the European Commission when acting 
pursuant to Article 18 of the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
8. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of France or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
(b) 
If French law should require that payments of principal (in the case of Notes other than Senior 
Non Preferred Notes) or interest in respect of any Note by or on behalf of the Issuer be subject 
to such withholding or deduction, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note by 
reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere holding of such Note. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a 
period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 5 years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date. 
As used herein, the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Fiscal Agent on or 
prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 
(Notices). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
10.1 
Senior Preferred Notes 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes, if any one or more of the following events (each an Event of 
Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days; or 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 
days following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be 
remedied; or 
(c) 
default is made by the Issuer in the due payment of any sum payable in respect of any 
Indebtedness contracted or guaranteed by the Issuer provided that the aggregate amount of 
such Indebtedness exceeds €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and such 
default has not been expressly waived or cured within any applicable grace period; or 
(d) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or substantially 
all of its business except in the case of a disposal, winding up, dissolution, liquidation, merger 
or other reorganisation in which all of or substantially all of the Issuer's assets are transferred 
to a legal entity which simultaneously assumes all of the Issuer's debt and liabilities including 
the Notes and whose main purpose is the continuation of, and which effectively continues, the 
Issuer's activities; or 
(e) 
the Issuer stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its 
debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant 
to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; 
or

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
(f) 
(i) the Issuer makes any proposal for a general moratorium in relation to its debt or any 
judgment is issued for its judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or for the transfer of the 
whole of its business (cession totale de l'entreprise) and (ii) in any case is not discharged 
within 14 days; or 
(g) 
the Issuer initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws or makes a 
conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors), 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Fiscal Agent, declare any Note held by it to be 
forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early 
Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind.  
10.2 
Senior Non Preferred Notes 
If the Notes are Senior Non Preferred Notes, then the Events of Default listed in Condition 10.1 (Senior 
Preferred Notes) above shall not apply to the Notes. However, a Noteholder may, by written notice to 
the Issuer at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the 
Fiscal Agent, declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall 
become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if 
any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, in the 
event that an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the liquidation (liquidation judiciaire 
or liquidation amiable) of the Issuer. 
10.3 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of this Condition 10: 
Indebtedness means any indebtedness for borrowed money. 
11. 
NOTICES  
11.1 
Notices to the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are 
posted to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on 
the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the posting, or, (ii) at the 
option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected to be 
Les Echos), or (b) they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or 
(c) they are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations 
(Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and so long as such Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to that Regulated Market so 
require in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market 
on which such Notes are listed and admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other 
competent authority or Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading. 
11.2 
Notices to the holders of Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if published (a) so long as 
such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (b) they are published in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (c) they are published in accordance with Articles 221-
3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers 
and so long as such Notes are listed and admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in a leading

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading is located and on the website of any other competent authority or 
Regulated Market of the EEA Member State where the Notes are listed and admitted to trading. 
11.3 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
11.4 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) pursuant 
to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in 
substitution for the posting and publication as required by Conditions 11.1, 11.2 and 11.3; except that 
so long as such Notes are listed on any stock exchange(s) and the rules applicable to that stock 
exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in 
the city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which such Notes is/are listed. 
11.5 
Notices relating to the Collective Decisions pursuant to Condition 12 (Representation of Noteholders) 
and pursuant to Articles R.228-79 or R.236-11 of the French Code de commerce shall be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing 
system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared and (for the avoidance of doubt) 
Conditions 11.1 to 11.4 shall not apply to such notices. 
12. 
REPRESENTATION OF NOTEHOLDERS  
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for 
the defence of their common interests in a masse (the Masse) which will be governed by the provisions 
of articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce with the exception of articles L.228-71 
and R.228-69 of the French Code de commerce and as supplemented by this Condition 12. 
12.1 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
Representative) and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the Collective 
Decisions).  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
12.2 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will 
be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative 
may be appointed.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
12.3 
Powers of the Representative  
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to 
take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, 
with the capacity to delegate its powers.  
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
12.4 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the General Meeting) or by consent 
following a written consultation (the Written Decision) (as further described in Condition 12.4(ii) 
below).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder 
to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant 
Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such 
Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for 
the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 12.8. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, 
to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. 
One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount 
of Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General 
Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after 
such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of them to petition the competent court 
to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present 
or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the 
General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders 
attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 12.8 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the 
General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date 
of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the 
text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be 
presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant 
Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice 
of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding 
the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
(ii) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be entitled 
in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the 
Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following sentence, a Written 
Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of 
the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of 
electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (Electronic Consent). 
Such Written Decision shall not have to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in 
12.4(i) above. Any such Written Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a 
resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. 
For the purpose hereof, a Written Resolution means a resolution in writing signed by the 
Noteholders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
(iii) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° of the French Code de commerce and the related 
provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes.  
12.5 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating 
to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed 
against interest payable under the Notes. 
12.6 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 13 (Further 
Issues) shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. 
12.7 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall 
hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, 
upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
12.8 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 12 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 11.5.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
12.9 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 12 “outstanding” shall not include those Notes purchased 
by the Issuer, or on its behalf, or by any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to Article L.213-0-1 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier that are held by it and not cancelled. 
13. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
13.1 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to create and 
issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save 
for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts 
to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding 
Notes. 
13.2 
Consolidation 
The Issuer may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, with the prior approval of the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date 
occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) days' prior notice to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), without the consent of the Noteholders 
consolidate the Notes of one Series with the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether 
or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other 
Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise 
have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes.  
14. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. Any claim against 
the Issuer in connection with any Notes may be brought before any competent court located within the 
jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
FINAL TERMS DATED [] 
 
BANQUE STELLANTIS FRANCE 
(previously known as PSA Banque France)  
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 969500JK1O192KI3E882 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Series n°[] 
Tranche n°[] 
 
PRIIPs Regulation/PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended or superseded, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.  
 
PRIIPs Regulation/PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 10 July 2023, which received approval number 23-295 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (AMF) on 10 July 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [] [and []] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus 
Regulation) (the Base Prospectus). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] [has/have] been 
published on the AMF website at www.amf-france.org and on the website of the Issuer (www.banque-
stellantis-france.com). [In addition1, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [is] 
[are] available for viewing [at/on] []].  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [10 July 2017][3 August 2018][17 December 
2020][18 July 2022] which is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus dated 10 July 2023, which 
received approval number 23-295 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on 10 July 2023 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation) (the Base Prospectus), including the 
Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] 
[has/have] been published on the AMF website at www.amf-france.org and on the website of the Issuer 
(www.banque-stellantis-france.com). [In addition2, the Base Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base 
Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing [at/on] []].]  
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.  
If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency. 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Banque Stellantis France 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
assimilated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and form 
a single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on 
[the Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date, as referred to in paragraph [] below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]]][Not 
Applicable]  
                                                     
1  
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than on Euronext Paris. 
2  
If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than on Euronext Paris.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
3. 
Specified Currency: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case 
of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denomination: 
[] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[     ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[     ] month [EURIBOR]] +/- [     ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16] below) 
10. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Make-Whole Call] 
 
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Date(s) of corporate authorisation(s) for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[] [and [], respectively]] 
13. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes/Senior Non Preferred 
Notes]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date  
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of Business Day]/not 
adjusted] 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[] per Specified Denomination 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
 
[[] per Specified Denomination, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] []][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
(b) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (c) below/, not subject to adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (c) below is specified 
to be Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(d) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[] 
(e) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
(f) 
Calculation Agent (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[][Not Applicable]

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[] month [EURIBOR] 
(b) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
(c) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)  
(h) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
 
(a) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
 
 
(b) 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
 
(c) 
Reset Date: 
[] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
(i) 
FBF Determination: 
 
(a) 
Floating Rate: 
[] 
(b) 
Floating Rate 
 
Determination Date (Date 
 
de Détermination du Taux 
 
Variable): 
[] 
(j) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(k) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[][0] per cent. per annum]3 
(If the Minimum Rate of Interest is not zero, insert 
the relevant positive percentage) 
(m) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
                                                     
3 In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[Actual/365 – FBF][Actual/Actual – FBF] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition [[7.2] – 
Redemption for tax reasons)]: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[] per Specified Denomination/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
19. 
Make-Whole Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[] per cent.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
(b) 
Reference Security: 
[specify] 
(c) 
Notice Periods 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[] per Specified Denomination 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[] per Specified Denomination 
 
 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for tax reasons or on a MREL 
Disqualification Event or on event of 
default: 
[] per Specified Denomination 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider). If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be, it being 
specified that it shall not be less than par for Senior 
Non Preferred Notes.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
Dematerialised Notes

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)[/Registered 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
nominatif)]]  
(b) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if Applicable give name and 
details] (Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed in relation to registered dematerialised 
Notes only)  
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 15(c) relates) 
25. 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
 
[Not Applicable/The provisions of Condition 1.4 
apply] 
26. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions of Condition 13.2 
apply] 
27. 
Masse: 
[Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: 
[●] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [●]]] / 
 
[As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, 
and unless a Representative has been appointed in 
relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall 
exercise all the powers, rights and obligations 
entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the 
French Code de Commerce. A Representative will 
be appointed as soon as the Notes are held by more 
than one Noteholder.] 
[RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[Relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]  
 
Signed on behalf of Banque Stellantis France: 
 
By:  .........................................................  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(a) 
Listing 
[Euronext 
Paris][specify 
relevant 
regulated 
market][None] 
(b) 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market with effect from [].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market with effect from [].]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(c) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]/[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in [the 
European Union] and is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by the 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with Regulation (EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
CRA 
Regulation). 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if 
this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.)

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]  
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY - YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
5. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY - BENCHMARKS  
Article 29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes may be 
calculated by reference to [specify benchmark (as 
this term is defined in the Benchmark Regulation)] 
which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark 
administrator]. As at the date of these Final Terms, 
[legal name of the benchmark administrator] 
[appears / does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, 
as 
amended 
(the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark (as 
this term is defined in the Benchmark Regulation)] 
[does not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation/ the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the Benchmarks Regulation apply] such that 
[legal name of the benchmark administrator] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the EU, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence). [As at 
[●], [●] appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
Financial Conduct Authority in the United 
Kingdom.]]]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
6. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding) 
(ii) 
Use of proceeds 
[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s 
general corporate purposes.]/[ The net proceeds or 
an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the 
Notes issued as Green Bonds will be used by the 
Issuer to finance and/or refinance [in whole or in 
part] loans and lease contracts for Eligible Assets, as 
further described in the Green Financing Framework 
dated 21 December 2022 (as amended and 
supplemented from time to time) which is available 
on the website of the Issuer (https://www.banque-
stellantis-france.com/en/financial-
information/financial-documentation).] 
(If reasons for offer different to the "Use of 
Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus, will need to 
include those reasons here.) 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN: 
[] 
(b) 
Common Code: 
[] 
(c) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(d) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(e) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
(f) 
The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes issued has been translated 
into Euro at the rate of [] 
producing a sum of: 
[] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(c) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA rules not 
applicable

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
For each issue of Notes, the Issuer will apply either:  
(a) 
the net proceeds of such issue of Notes for the Issuer’s general corporate purposes; or  
(b) 
the net proceeds or an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of such issue of Notes issued as Green 
Bonds (the Green Bonds), to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, loans and lease contracts 
for passenger and light commercial vehicles with zero specific CO2 emissions as well as for zero 
tailpipe CO2 emission quadricycles (the Eligible Assets), as defined in the relevant Final Terms and 
as further described in the Issuer's green financing framework dated 21 December 2022 (as amended 
and supplemented from time to time) (the Green Financing Framework) available on the Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.banque-stellantis-france.com/en/financial-information/financial-
documentation); or  
(c) 
the net proceeds of such issue of Notes as stated in Part B, Item 6 of the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there is a particular identified use of proceeds (other 
than as specified above).  
With respect to (b) above, the Green Financing Framework describes the Eligible Assets to which the net 
proceeds or an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of an issuance of Notes may be allocated. The Green 
Financing Framework has been prepared by the Issuer in accordance with the Green Bond Principles (the 
GBP) published by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) in its 2021 edition (as may be further 
updated). For each issuance of Green Bonds, the Issuer will comply with the following four core components 
of the GBP: (i) the description of the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds, (ii) the disclosure of its process for 
project evaluation and selection, (iii) the management of the proceeds of the Green Bonds and (iv) reporting 
on such use of proceeds.  
The Issuer also applies the recommendation to use the services of an independent external second opinion 
provider (the Second Party Opinion). A second party opinion has been obtained on the Green Financing 
Framework from the second party opinion provider Sustainalytics, assessing the sustainability of the Green 
Financing Framework and its alignment with the GBP. This document is available on the Issuer’s website 
(https://www.banque-stellantis-france.com/en/financial-information/financial-documentation). It may be 
further updated or expanded to reflect evolutions in market practices, regulation and in the Issuer’s activities. 
Any amendment to such Second Party Opinion, or any new Second Party Opinion, to be provided following 
an amendment to the Green Financing Framework, the publication of a new Green Financing Framework or 
in application of any new legislation or regulation, will be made available on the Issuer's website 
(https://www.banque-stellantis-france.com/en/financial-information/financial-documentation).  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the 
Second Party Opinion, or any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) 
which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes, and in particular as to whether any 
Eligible Assets fulfil any environmental or other criteria. The Second Party Opinion is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold the Notes. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of the Second 
Party Opinion and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of the Second Party Opinion for 
the purpose of any investment in the Notes.  
Neither the Second Party Opinion nor the Green Financing Framework is incorporated in, and they do not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
On an annual basis and until the full allocation of proceeds, the Issuer intends to make available an external 
report including an allocation report and an impact report, subject to the availability of suitable information 
and data

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
Such external report will be published on the Issuer’s website (https://www.banque-stellantis-
france.com/en/financial-information/financial-documentation).

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
Prospective investors should note that further information regarding the Issuer is set out on pages 4 to 20 and 
118 to 122 of the 2022 Annual Report which was filed with the AMF on 16 June 2023, which are incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus, as set out in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Banque Stellantis France (previously known as PSA Banque France) is established as a société anonyme 
under the laws of France with registration number 652 034 638 RCS Versailles. Banque Stellantis France's 
registered office is located at 2-10, boulevard de l’Europe, 78300 Poissy Cedex, France.  
The Issuer's Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 969500JK1O192KI3E882. 
The Issuer and the Banque Stellantis France Group’s Structure 
The Issuer’s structure is a result of successive re-grouping of the financing activities of Citroën and Peugeot, 
both manufacturers and since April 2023 of all brands of Stellantis (with the exception of long-term leases to 
professionals and companies) as part of the organisational change in the distribution of financing and services 
in Europe, by Stellantis adopting a single multi-brand model. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is jointly controlled by Stellantis Financial Services and 
Santander Consumer Finance, S.A., and is now fully consolidated within the Santander Group. The 
relationship and co-operation between Stellantis Financial Services and Santander Consumer Finance, S.A. is 
organised within the Issuer through a shared governance regime. 
The Issuer is a credit institution and the parent company: 
 
of Compagnie Générale de Crédit aux Particuliers – CREDIPAR (CREDIPAR) operating in France, 
which itself holds 100 per cent. of Compagnie pour la Location de Véhicules – CLV (CLV)  
 
and since May 2023 of Stellantis Financial Services Belux SA et Stellantis Financial Services 
Nederland B.V. operating in Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. 
The financing activities of the Banque Stellantis France Group are therefore carried out by Banque Stellantis 
France and its subsidiaries, CREDIPAR, CLV, Stellantis Financial Services Belux SA and Stellantis Financial 
Services Nederland B.V.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
Business overview and activities 
The cooperation with Santander Consumer Finance, S.A. in particular enhances the activities of the Banque 
Stellantis France Group, as more competitive offers are dedicated for the Stellantis brands’ customers and 
dealer networks. These offers are accompanied by a complete range of insurance products and services that 
enable customers to benefit from a global and coherent product range at the point of sale. The Banque Stellantis 
France Group also provides dealers of the Stellantis brands with financing for inventory (including new and 
used vehicles) and spare parts, as well as other financing, such as working capital. 
The Banque Stellantis France Group offers in France and since May 2023 in Benelux financing, insurance 
products and other services, as well as savings for retail customers in France: 
Financing services 
 
Financing for end users (71 per cent. of outstanding loans at 31 December 2022). Individuals and 
companies are offered a range of solutions including instalment loans for the purchase of new 
and used vehicles, as well as leasing solutions with or without a purchase option (for individuals only 
since April 2023). Outstanding loans to end users stood at €11,128 million at 31 December 2022. 
 
Financing for the dealer network (29 per cent. of outstanding loans at 31 December 2022). Financing 
solutions are available to the Peugeot, Citroën and DS and since April 2023 to all Stellantis brands 
dealer networks for financing their stock of new and used vehicles, spare parts, as well as other 
solutions for financing their working capital and their investments. Outstanding loans to corporate 
dealers stood at €4,474 million at 31 December 2022. 
 
With the consolidation in May 2023 of Stellantis Financial Services Belux SA and Stellantis Financial Services 
Nederland B.V., the total amount of outstanding loans will increase by €2 billion. 
Insurance products and services 
 
An extensive range of services and insurance products intended for end users are offered by the 
Banque Stellantis France Group: insurance policies related to financing, such as death/invalidity 
insurance, unemployment insurance, or financial loss insurance which covers the total loss of the 
financed vehicle. There are insurance policies related to the vehicle, such as car insurance or 
extensions of guarantee for used vehicles: assistance services including mobility solutions and 
additional services related, for example, to the maintenance of vehicles and to the “connected 
vehicle” offer. Banque Stellantis France Group sold an average of 2 insurance or service contracts 
per client financed in 2022. 
Retail savings 
 
The "Distingo Bank" retail savings business consists of savings accounts and term deposits for 
retail customers. Outstanding retail savings activity stood at €3,059 million at 31 December 2022. 
Indebtedness 
The indebtedness of the Banque Stellantis France Group stood at €14,058 million at 31 December 2022 
(€12,894 million at 31 December 2021) with diversified sources of funding (as illustrated by the charts 
below).

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
SOURCES OF REFINANCING 
AT 31 DECEMBER 2022 
AT 31 DECEMBER 2021 
   
 
The increase of new loans to customers and dealers is closely linked to the general economic situation in the 
car industry and the sales performance of the Banque Stellantis France Group. Outside of any exceptional 
reorganisation and geographical enlargement (such as in the first half of 2023 with a related additional 
indebtedness of €2 billion from the acquisition of Stellantis Financial Services Belux SA and Stellantis 
Financial Services Nederland B.V), given the Banque Stellantis France Group's activities, a variation of 15 
per cent. of debt over a six-month period is not considered as unusual. Debt increases are and will be 
performed through: 
(i) 
public debt issuances under this Programme, all of which will be publicly disclosed; 
(ii) 
bank loans, asset backed securitisations, some of which are not publicly disclosed; and 
(iii) 
customer savings and term deposit accounts following publicity or loyalty campaigns.  
For further information regarding the products and services offered by the Banque Stellantis France Group, 
see pages 7 to 10 of the 2022 Annual Report, which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, as 
set out in the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.  
For the names and functions within the Issuer of the members of the Issuer's administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies, and an indication of the principal activities performed by them outside the Issuer where 
these are significant with respect to the Issuer, please see pages 119 to 122 of the 2022 Annual Report, which 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The business address of Mr. Rafael Moral Salarich as member and Chairman of the Issuer’s Board of Directors 
is located at Avenida. Cantabria, S/N. 28660 Boadilla del Monte, Madrid, Spain. 
The business address of Mr. Martin Thomas as member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors is located at 26 Quai 
Charles Pasqua 92300 Levallois-Perret, France.  
The business address of Mr. Laurent Aubineau, Mr. Jean-Paul Duparc, Mr. Rémy Bayle and Mrs. Hélène 
Bouteleau, respectively, as member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors is located at 2-10 Boulevard de l’Europe, 
78300 Poissy, France. 
 
 
3%
20%
22%
15%
23%
16%
1%
Bank credit lines
Capital 
markets
Retail 
customer
deposits
Other refinancing       
(of which ECB 20%)
Intra-group
refinancing
by Santander
Consumer
Finance
Securitization
Subordinated debt
1%
24%
23%
18%
25%
8%
1%
Bank credit lines
Capital 
markets
Retail 
customer
deposits
Other refinancing       
(of which ECB 22%)
Intra-group
refinancing
by Santander
Consumer
Finance
Securitization
Subordinated debt

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Executive Committee 
As from 3 April 2023, the Executive Committee is composed of the following members: 
            Name                                                                                         Position 
Laurent AUBINEAU 
Chief Executive Officer 
Jean-Paul DUPARC 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
Jean-Charles BATTAGLIA 
Chief Risk Officer 
Gregory BONNIN 
Chief Human Resources Officer 
Charles DUMAS ALONSO 
Chief Audit Officer 
Laure DURAND 
Chief Operations Officer 
Alban HOUSSAY 
Chief Transformation Officer 
Fayssal JOUINI 
Chief Marketing and Digital Officer 
Catherine NOGUIER 
General Counsel and Chief Legal Officer 
Gilles PEREZ 
Chief Collection Officer 
Stéphane RIEHL  
Chief Financial Officer 
Amine SAIFEDDINE 
Chief Sales Officer 
Corinne YONNET  
Responsible Person for I.T. Systems

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
For recent developments relating to the Issuer, please refer to pages 4 to 20 of the 2022 Annual Report which 
was filed with the AMF on 16 June 2023 and which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, as 
set out in the section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, the Issuer has published the following press releases:  
(1) 
On 19 January 2023, the Issuer has published the following press release:  
“PSA BANQUE FRANCE ISSUED ITS FIRST GREEN BOND 
After the implementation of its Green Financing Framework end 2022, PSA Banque France placed its 
3-year term first Green Bond issuance for an amount of 500 million euros at a fix rate of 3.875%. 
After presenting its ESG strategy and its Green Financing Framework on Monday 9th January 2023, 
PSA Banque France announced launching the first Green Bond the day after. Order book reached 2.9 
billion euros at reoffer of MS+85bps, this 5.9 times over-subscription highlighting the investors’ great 
interest in this new format. 
The proceeds of the Green Bond will be allocated to finance or refinance electric vehicles. PSA Banque 
France is already funding more than 900 million euros of full electric cars and intends to go on 
supporting a durable mobility.” 
(2) 
On 3 April 2023, the Issuer has published the following press release:  
“PSA BANQUE FRANCE BECOMES BANQUE STELLANTIS FRANCE, PSA FINANCE 
FRANCE BECOMES STELLANTIS FINANCE & SERVICES  
Following the restructuring of Stellantis’s European financial and services business, Banque Stellantis 
France consolidates all financing and services activities towards customers and distribution networks 
for all the Stellantis brands in France (excluding long-term leases for professionals and companies). 
Stellantis Finance & Services becomes the new commercial name of CREDIPAR, replacing former 
PSA Finance France. 
Stellantis N.V. today announced a new organisation for its financing and leasing services in Europe, 
simplifying and strengthening its multi-brand strategy. 
Following agreements entered into with BNP Paribas Personal Finance, Crédit Agricole Consumer 
Finance and Santander Consumer Finance, financing granted to customers and distribution networks 
for all Stellantis brands1 in France is consolidated within the Banque Stellantis France Group, with the 
exception of long-term leases to professionals and companies, which come under the multi-brand 
operational leasing company Leasys. 
Banque Stellantis France (formerly PSA Banque France) remains owned on a 50/50 basis by Stellantis 
Financial Services (formerly Banque PSA Finance) and Santander Consumer Finance. 
Stellantis Finance & Services (formerly PSA Finance France) becomes the new commercial name of 
CREDIPAR, the wholly owned subsidiary of Banque Stellantis France, in charge of loan and leasing 
activities for BtoC customers in France, loan and finance lease for BtoB customers, and stock financing 
for dealer networks distributing the Stellantis brands in France. The new organisation has been 
approved by the relevant competition authorities as well as French and European banking regulators. 
The 
new 
websites www.banque-stellantis-france.com and www.stellantis-finance-services.fr are 
online as of today. 
1 Stellantis brands currently distributed in France: Abarth, Alfa Romeo, Citroën, DS, Fiat, Fiat Professional, Jeep®, Maserati, Opel, Peugeot.”

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
(3) 
On 30 May 2023, the Issuer has published the following press release: 
“BANQUE STELLANTIS FRANCE ACQUIRES TWO SUBSIDIARIES OF THE STELLANTIS 
AND SANTANDER’S GROUPS OPERATING IN BENELUX 
As part of the partnership between Stellantis Financial Services and Santander Consumer Finance 
(subsidiaries of Stellantis and Santander, respectively), Banque Stellantis France today acquired from 
Stellantis Financial Services España (the 50/50 joint-venture in Spain between Stellantis Financial 
Services and Santander Consumer Finance), the shares of Stellantis Financial Services Belux SA and 
Stellantis Financial Services Nederland B.V. 
Banque Stellantis France now consolidates, with no impact on their commercial activity, these two 
automotive financing entities which operate in Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. 
This purely internal restructuration to the cooperation between Stellantis and Santander allows Banque 
Stellantis France to expand its geographical scope of activity.”

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
TAXATION 
The tax legislation of the Noteholders' member state and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an 
impact on the income received from the Notes. All prospective investors should seek independent advice as to 
their tax position. 
The following is a summary of certain withholding tax consequences in France relating to the holding of the 
Notes. It is based on the legislation in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus and may be subject to any 
changes in law and/or interpretation thereof (potentially with a retroactive effect). This summary does not aim 
to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to invest in the 
Notes. Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax advisor as to which 
countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax 
laws of those countries.  
Withholding taxes on payments made outside France 
The following may be relevant to Noteholders who do not concurrently hold shares in the Issuer. 
Payments of interest and other assimilated revenues made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes will not 
be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code Général des Impôts 
unless such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non 
coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code Général des Impôts (a Non-
Cooperative State) other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of the same Article 238-0 A. If such payments 
under the Notes are made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 
2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code Général des Impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will be 
applicable (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an applicable tax treaty) 
by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French Code Général des Impôts.  
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code Général des Impôts, interest and other assimilated 
revenues on such Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer's taxable income if they are paid or accrued to 
persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid on an account held with a financial 
institution established in such a Non-Cooperative State (the Deductibility Exclusion). Under certain 
conditions, any such non-deductible interest and other assimilated revenues may be recharacterised as 
constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code Général des Impôts, in which case 
such non-deductible interest and other assimilated revenues may be subject to the withholding tax set out under 
Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code Général des Impôts, at (i) a rate of 12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting 
individuals who are not French tax residents, (ii) the standard corporate income tax rate set forth in the second 
paragraph of Article 219-I of the French Code Général des Impôts (i.e. 25 per cent. for fiscal years beginning 
as from 1 January 2022) for payments benefiting legal persons who are not French tax residents or (iii) a rate 
of 75 per cent. for payments made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 
2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code Général des Impôts (subject to certain exceptions and to the 
more favourable provisions of an applicable tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the 
French Code Général des Impôts nor, to the extent the relevant interest and other assimilated revenues relate 
to genuine transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the Deductibility Exclusion 
will apply in respect of an issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that the main purpose and effect of such 
issue of Notes was not that of allowing the payments of interest and other assimilated revenues to be made 
in a Non-Cooperative State (the Exception). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques - Impôts 
BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20, an issue of Notes will benefit from the Exception 
without the Issuer having to provide any proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of Notes, if such 
Notes are:

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
(i) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory or pursuant to an equivalent offer 
in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an "equivalent offer" means any 
offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities 
market authority; and/or 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system 
provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation 
of such market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider, or any 
other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services 
provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; and/or 
(iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities 
delivery and payment systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided 
that such depositary or operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Withholding taxes on payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Besides, where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A I 
of the French Code Général des Impôts, and subject to certain exceptions, interest and other assimilated 
revenues received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject 
to a 12.8 per cent. withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of 
the year in which the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also 
levied by way of withholding at a global rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and other assimilated revenues 
received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject to certain 
exceptions.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Dealer Agreement (such Dealer Agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the Dealer Agreement) dated 10 July 2023, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon 
which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to 
those matters stated under the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer 
has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities 
incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S). 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable 
Tranche and the closing date, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers 
and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used 
in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche and the closing 
date, an offer or sale of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (the EEA). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or both) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Notes in France and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only 
distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed 
in the Republic of Italy (Italy), except: 
(a) 
to "qualified investors" (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
n°2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation) and any applicable provision of Italian 
laws and regulations; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must: 
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the Italian Financial Services Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 
(as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
(the Banking Act); and 
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirement, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) 
and/or any other Italian authority. 
 
Any investor purchasing the Notes in this offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer or resale 
of the Notes it purchased in this offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended 
from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not 
distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation 
to the Securities, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that Notes issued in bearer form shall not be physically delivered in

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or other institution for the purpose of their immobilisation 
in accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under it have been duly authorised by the resolution of 
the Conseil d'Administration of the Issuer dated 6 July 2023 (as referred to below). 
Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations under French 
law, requires, in accordance with article L. 228-40 of the French Code de commerce, that the maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme for each year be authorised by a 
resolution of the Conseil d'Administration of the Issuer. In this respect the Issuer has authorised an annual 
borrowing limit for the issue of Notes under the Programme for a period of one year up to a maximum 
aggregate amount of €2,000,000,000 by a resolution of the Conseil d'Administration dated 6 July 2023. 
 
Any issue of Notes, to the extent that such Notes do not constitute obligations under French law, fall within 
the general powers of the directeur général or a directeur général délégué of the Issuer.  
2. 
Approval of the Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the 
AMF) in France in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the AMF should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the securities. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 10 July 2024. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
3. 
Listing of Notes 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus, 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and on any other 
Regulated Market in a Member State of the EEA, as the case may be. 
4. 
Documents Available 
For so long as Notes issued under the Programme are outstanding, copies of the statuts of the Issuer will, 
when published, be available on the website of the Issuer (www.banque-stellantis-france.com). 
For so long as Notes may be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the documents listed below will be available 
on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) (except the documents listed in paragraph (iii) below) and 
on the website of the Issuer (www.banque-stellantis-france.com): 
(i) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated Market 
in the EEA;  
(ii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto or further Base Prospectus; and 
(iii) 
the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
5. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream (which are the entities in 
charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated 
by Euroclear and Clearstream will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through 
an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
The Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). The Notes which 
are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer or with the Registration Agent. 
The address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris.  
6. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
7. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Issuer and/or the 
Banque Stellantis France Group since 31 December 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022.  
8. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Banque Stellantis France Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have 
or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or the 
Banque Stellantis France Group. 
9. 
Auditors  
The auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Mazars, who have audited the Issuer's 
consolidated financial statements, without qualification, in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards in France for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit and Mazars carry out their duties in accordance with the principles of the 
Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes (CNCC) (National Association of Statutory Auditors). 
10. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in lending, investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the sector 
in which the Issuer and/or its affiliates operate, and for which such Dealers have received or may receive 
customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Certain of the Dealers may 
also have positions, deals or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and 
its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for 
these transactions. For the purpose of this paragraph the term "affiliates" also includes parent companies.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates (including their 
respective parent companies, where applicable) may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank 
loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities 
may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent 
with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. 
In such a case, the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is 
involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting 
interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and 
procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be 
engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives. 
11. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the Stabilisation Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it 
must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
12. 
Credit Rating 
The Issuer's long term senior preferred debt has been rated A3 (stable outlook) by Moody's France S.A.S. as 
at 29 May 2019 and BBB+ (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited as at 24 June 2021. 
13. 
EU Benchmark Regulation 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, which is provided 
by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is included 
in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended 
(the Benchmarks Regulation). 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Floating Rate Notes may specify the relevant benchmark, 
the relevant administrator and whether such administrator appears on the ESMA register referred to above. 
14. 
Conflicts of Interest 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no conflict of interest between the obligations of the members 
of the management bodies and their private interests with regard to the Banque Stellantis France Group.  
15. 
LEI  
 
The Legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is: 969500JK1O192KI3E882.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Individuals assuming responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
In the name of the Issuer 
To the best knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with 
the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
 
BANQUE STELLANTIS FRANCE  
2-10, boulevard de l’Europe 
78300 Poissy 
France 
Represented by  
 
 
 
Laurent Aubineau 
 
 
 
Christophe Blancal 
Chief Executive Officer 
Head of Treasury & Financing 
 
Executed in Paris on 10 July 2023 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it 
contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 10 July 2023 and is valid until 10 July 2024 and shall, during this 
period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed 
by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. 
This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n° 23-295.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
ISSUER 
BANQUE STELLANTIS FRANCE 
2-10, boulevard de l’Europe 
78300 Poissy 
France 
FISCAL AGENT, PAYING AGENT, REDENOMINATION AGENT, CONSOLIDATION AGENT 
AND CALCULATION AGENT 
Société Générale 
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
CS 30812 
44308 Nantes Cedex 3 
France  
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to French law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
32 rue François 1er 
75008 Paris 
France 
 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
 
 
Mazars 
61 rue Henri Regnault 
92400 Courbevoie 
France 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
DO2RF29 
Ireland  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
 60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany  
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France  
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France  
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastrasse. 12 
D-81925 Munich 
Germany 
 
ARRANGER 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France