--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
BANQUE INTERNATIONALE À LUXEMBOURG, SOCIÉTÉ ANONYME 
(Incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
Programme for the issue of Structured Notes, Certificates and Warrants 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme (the "Bank", "Issuer" or "BIL") entered into a Programme for the issue of Structured 
Notes, Certificates and Warrants (the "Programme") and issued this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) on the date hereof describing the Programme. 
Under the Programme, BIL, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue structured notes that rank as 
senior obligations of BIL (the "Notes"), structured certificates that rank as senior obligations of BIL (the “Certificates”) and structured warrants that rank as 
senior obligations of BIL (the “Warrants” and, together with the Notes and the Certificates, the “Products” to be governed by the general terms and conditions 
of the Products (the “General Conditions of the Products”)).  
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Luxembourg financial sector supervisory authority (Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier, the "CSSF") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Products. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Products. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness 
of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. This Base Prospectus has also been approved by the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange pursuant to Part IV of the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the “Prospectus Act 2019”) in 
respect of Exempt Products provisions. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Products issued under the Programme for the 
period of 12 months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") 
and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Regulated Market").  
An application may be made to (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Products issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange ("Euro MTF") and listed on the Official List and/or (ii) the Frankfurt Stock Exchange for Products issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange designated as the “Freiverkehr” (the “Open Market”). However, 
unlisted Products may be issued pursuant to the Programme. The applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Products will specify whether or not 
such Products will be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, the Euro MTF or the Open 
Market (or listed on any other stock exchange(s)). References in this Base Prospectus to Products being listed (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Products have been admitted to trading on the Regulated Market and have been admitted to the Official List. The Regulated Market is a regulated market 
for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended (the 
“MiFID II Directive”). Any of the Euro MTF and the Open Market, however, is not a regulated market for the purposes of the afore-mentioned MiFID II Directive. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date and therefore its validity will expire on 6 July 2023. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Products which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is 
available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Products” (including “Exempt Notes”, 
“Exempt Certificates” or “Exempt Warrants”) are to Products for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Products. The approval of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange with regards to the Exempt Products relates solely to their listing on the Euro MTF.  
The Programme provides that Products may be offered to the public in specific European Economic Area Member States other than Luxembourg, 
being Belgium, Netherlands, France, Germany, Austria, Italy and Denmark (each a “Host Member State”) and the Issuer will request, on or about the date of 
approval of this Base Prospectus, that the CSSF delivers to the competent authorities of the Host Member States a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 
25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and that the Issuer will, 
if so required by the relevant Host Member State, also prepare a translation of the relevant summary in connection with the relevant public offer(s) of Products 
in the relevant Host Member State. 
As a result of having derivative components, the Products may be considered structured products in Switzerland pursuant to article 70 of the Swiss 
Federal Act on Financial Services of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA"). They do not qualify as units of a collective investment scheme according to the relevant provisions 
of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 2006 ("CISA"), as amended, and are not registered thereunder. Therefore, the Products 
are neither governed by the CISA nor authorised or supervised by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). Accordingly, holders of the 
Products do not have the benefit of the specific investor protection provided under the CISA. 
Each Tranche (as defined in the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary 
global note in bearer form (each, a "temporary Global Note") or a permanent global note in bearer form (each, a "permanent Global Note" and together with 
the temporary Global Notes, the "Global Notes"). Each Tranche of Certificates or Warrants in bearer form will be represented on issue by a permanent global 
certificate or global warrant in bearer form (each, a “permanent Global Certificate” or “Global Certificate” or a "permanent Global Warrant" or "Global 
Warrant"). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, they will be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear"), Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or SIX SIS Ltd (“SIS”). Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") will be represented by registered 
certificates (each, a "Registered Note Certificate"), one Registered Note Certificate being issued in respect of each Noteholder's entire holding of Registered 
Notes of one Series (as defined in the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes) of Notes. Registered Notes issued in global form will be represented by 
registered global certificates ("Registered Note Global Certificates"). If a Registered Note Global Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping Structure 
("NSS") the Registered Note Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form ("CGNs") and Registered Note Global Certificates which are not 
held under the NSS and Global Warrants will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or SIS (the "Common Depositary"). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes 
and definitive Notes are described in "Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes (BEING EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM SECURITIES) While in Global 
Form". The Products cleared through SIX SIS Ltd. ("SIS" and such Products the "SIX SIS Securities") will be issued under this issuance programme in 
certificated form represented by a permanent global note (in the case of Notes), a permanent global certificate (in the case of Certificates) or a permanent 
global warrant (in the case of Warrants) (each a "SIX SIS Securities Permanent Global Security"), which will be deposited with SIS on or prior to the issue 
date of the relevant Products. Except as described herein, no definitive securities will be issued for SIX SIS Securities. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Products, interest (if any) payable in respect of Products, the issue price of Products and certain 
information which is applicable to each Tranche of Products will (other than in the case of Exempt Products, as defined above and in respect of certain Warrants 
that are governed by a separate set of terms and conditions for Warrants (such conditions, the Separate Warrant Conditions) be set out in (in respect of 
Products) a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) or (in respect of Warrants governed by the Separate Warrant Conditions) a final terms document (the 
"Separate Warrant Final Terms") which will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of the Final Terms and/or Separate Warrant Final Terms in relation to Products, 
to be listed (i) on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) through a regulatory 
information service and (ii) on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange will be published with the general terms and conditions of Deutsche Börse AG. In the case of 
Exempt Products, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Products, interest (if any) payable in respect of Products, the issue price of Products and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the "Pricing Supplement") or (in respect of Warrants 
governed by the Separate Warrant Conditions) a separate pricing supplement (the “Separate Warrant Pricing Supplement”).

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Arranger  
BIL  
Dealers  
Leonteq Securities AG 
BIL 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 6 July 2022 
The Programme provides that Products may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Products and/or Products not admitted to trading 
on any market. 
THE PRODUCTS AND THE SECURITIES (IF ANY) TO BE DELIVERED UNDER THE TERMS 
OF THE PRODUCTS, HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR UNDER THE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. THE 
PRODUCTS INCLUDE PRODUCTS IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW 
REQUIREMENTS.  
NO NOTES OR INTERESTS THEREIN, MAY AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD OR 
DELIVERED, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION 
(SEE "PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION").  
NO CERTIFICATES OR WARRANTS, OR INTERESTS THEREIN, MAY AT ANY TIME BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, RESOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, DELIVERED OR REDEEMED, DIRECTLY 
OR INDIRECTLY, AT ANY TIME IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, ANY ONE OR MORE OF THE FOLLOWING: (1) A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (2) A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED IN (A) THE 
INTERPRETIVE GUIDANCE AND POLICY STATEMENT REGARDING COMPLIANCE WITH 
CERTAIN SWAP REGULATIONS PROMULGATED BY THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY 
FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION ("CFTC") OR (B) THE FINAL RULE RELATING TO CROSS-
BORDER APPLICATION OF THE REGISTRATION THRESHOLDS AND CERTAIN REQUIREMENTS 
APPLICABLE TO SWAP DEALERS AND MAJOR SWAP PARTICIPANTS PROMULGATED BY THE 
CFTC, IN EACH CASE AS AMENDED, MODIFIED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, 
PURSUANT TO THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED ("CEA") OR 
(3) ANY OTHER "U.S. PERSON" AS SUCH TERM MAY BE DEFINED IN REGULATION S OR IN 
REGULATIONS OR GUIDANCE ADOPTED UNDER THE COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT (EACH 
SUCH PERSON, A U.S. PERSON), AND ANY SUCH TRANSFER SHALL NOT BE RECOGNIZED. 
FURTHERMORE, NEITHER THE SALE OF NOR TRADING IN PRODUCTS HAS BEEN APPROVED 
BY THE CFTC UNDER THE UNITED STATES CEA. NO U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED HEREIN) MAY 
AT ANY TIME PURCHASE, TRADE, EXERCISE OR MAINTAIN A POSITION IN CERTIFICATES OR 
WARRANTS UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS AND/OR THE 
APPLICABLE SEPARATE WARRANT FINAL TERMS [(OR PRICING SUPPLEMENT OR SEPARATE 
WARRANT PRICING SUPPLEMENT, IN THE CASE OF EXEMPT PRODUCTS)], AND ANY SUCH 
TRANSFER SHALL NOT BE RECOGNIZED.  
FOR A DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF 
PRODUCTS AND ON THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE "PLAN OF 
DISTRIBUTION".  
The Issuer has been rated A- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, French Branch 
("Standard & Poor's") and A2 by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. ("Moody’s"). Standard & Poor's and 
Moody’s are not established in the EEA and have not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). Notes or Warrants issued under the Programme 
may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies referred to above. Issuers rated "A-
" by Standard & Poor's are considered to have a strong capacity to meet financial commitments, but 
are somewhat susceptible to adverse economic conditions and change in circumstances.  Issuers rated 
"A2" by Moody’s are considered to be subject to low credit risk.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (the administrator 
of EURIBOR) is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Where a Tranche of Products is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms or 
Separate Warrant Final Terms, as applicable (or Pricing Supplement or Separate Warrant Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Products) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Issuer by the relevant rating agency. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed 
"Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. 
Responsibility Statement 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in the Base Prospectus, any 
supplement thereto and the Final Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms for each Tranche of Products, 
as applicable, issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken 
all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
General 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Products other than 
Exempt Products issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
In this Base Prospectus, Exempt Products means an offering of such Products where there is 
an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Products and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers 
or the Arranger (as defined above). 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the 
Issuer or the Issuer's consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the "BIL Group") since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there 
has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the BIL Group since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to 
the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Products 
shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct 
at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Products of any information coming to 
their attention.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF PRODUCTS GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
any Products in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Products may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Products may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, 
unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms or applicable Separate 
Warrant Final Terms, as applicable, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is 
intended to permit a public offering of any Products or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Products may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material 
may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Products may come must inform themselves about, and observe any such 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Products. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of 
Products in the United States, the European Economic Area (including Luxembourg, Belgium, 
Netherlands, France, Germany, Austria, Italy and Denmark), see "Plan of Distribution". 
The Notes and the securities (if any) to be delivered under the terms of the Products, have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The 
Products include Products in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
No Products, or interests therein, may at any time be offered, sold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of 
the United States or any other jurisdiction (see "Plan of Distribution"). No Certificates or Warrants, or 
interests therein, may at any time be offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged, delivered or redeemed, 
directly or indirectly, at any time in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, one or more 
of the following: (1) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, (2) a "U.S. 
person" as defined in (a) the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with 
Certain Swap Regulations Promulgated by the CFTC or (b) the Final Rule Relating to Cross-Border 
Application of the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and 
Major Swap Participants Promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the CEA or (3) any other "U.S. person" as such term may 
be defined in Regulation S or in Regulations or Guidance Adopted Under The Commodity Exchange 
Act (each such person, a U.S. person), and any such transfer shall not be recognized.  
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms or Separate Warrant Final 
Terms in respect of any Products, respectively (or Pricing Supplement or Separate Warrant Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Products, as applicable ) include a legend entitled "Prohibition of 
sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Products are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the MiFID II Directive; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance 
distribution (recast) (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of the MiFID II Directive; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products (PRIIPs), as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Products or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Products or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms or Separate Warrant Final 
Terms in respect of any Products, as applicable (or Pricing Supplement or Separate Warrant Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Products, as applicable) will include a legend entitled "MiFID II 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment made by the relevant 
manufacturer(s) in respect of the Products and which channels for distribution of the Products as 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending any Products (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Products (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID II Product Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II 
Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Products is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Products, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules.  
No Notes, or interests therein, may at any time be offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged, 
delivered or redeemed, directly or indirectly, at any time in the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act). No Certificates or 
Warrants, or interests therein, may at any time be offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged, delivered 
or redeemed, directly or indirectly, at any time in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, one or more of the following: (1) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, 
(2) a "U.S. person" as defined in (a) the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding 
Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations Promulgated by the CFTC or (b) the Final Rule Relating to 
Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap 
Dealers and Major Swap Participants Promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified 
or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the CEA or (3) any other "U.S. person" as such term 
may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations or guidance adopted under the Commodity Exchange 
Act (each such person, a U.S. person), and any such transfer shall not be recognized. Furthermore, 
neither the sale of nor trading in Products has been approved by the CFTC under the CEA. No U.S. 
person (as defined herein) may at any time purchase, trade, exercise or maintain a position in Products 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms, as 
applicable.  
No Swiss prospectus under FinSA – This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with 
the offering of the Products. This Base Prospectus may not be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland and the Prodcuts are not and will not be admitted to trading on a Swiss 
trading venue, unless the requirements for such public offering or admittance to trading in Switzerland 
are met (see below). 
The Products documented in this Base Prospectus may only be offered, sold or advertised, 
directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland if (i) the Products are addressed solely to investors 
classified as professional clients (professionelle Kunden) or institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) 
within the meaning of the FinSA ("Professional or Institutional Clients"), but they are not addressed 
to any retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) within the meaning of FinSA ("Retail Clients"); or 
(ii) in the event that the Products shall be also addressed to Retail Clients, if the requirements for the 
distribution of Products to Retail Clients in Switzerland are met (see below). 
Professional or Institutional Clients include: (a) financial intermediaries regulated pursuant to 
the Swiss Federal Banking Act of 8 November 1934, the Swiss Federal Financial Institutions Act of 15 
June 2018 or the CISA; (b) regulated insurance undertakings pursuant to the Swiss Federal Insurance 
Supervision Act of 17 December 2004; (c) foreign financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings 
subject to a similar prudential supervision as the financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings 
pursuant to (a) and (b) above; (d) central banks; (e) public entities with professional treasury operations; 
(f) pension funds and occupational pension schemes with professional treasury operations; (g) 
undertakings with professional treasury operations; (h) large companies that exceed two of the following 
thresholds: (1) a balance sheet total of CHF 20 million, (2) turnover of CHF 40 million, and (3) own 
capital of CHF 2 million; (i) private investment structures for high-net worth individuals with professional 
treasury operations; and (j) Opting-out Clients. 
An "Opting-out Client" (vermögende Privatkundinnen und -kunden) is a Retail Client who 
confirms (i) that, based on the education/professional experience or based on comparable experience 
in the financial sector, he/she/it has the necessary knowledge to understand the risks resulting from an

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
investment in the Certificates and who owns, directly or indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least 
CHF 500,000, or (ii) that he/she/it owns, directly or indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 2 
million. 
Retail Clients are all clients other than Professional or Institutional Clients. 
Requirements for public offers or admission to trading in Switzerland – If and to the extent 
the Products will be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning FinSA or if 
the Products shall be admitted to trading on a Swiss trading venue within the meaning of the Swiss 
Federal Financial Market Infrastructure Act of 19 June 2015 ("FMIA"), e.g. the SIX Swiss Exchange, a 
prospectus pursuant to the requirements of Article 40 et seq. FinSA would be required. Such 
requirement may be met on the basis of (i) an automatic recognition of this Base Prospectus in 
Switzerland under the rules of the FinSA by way of a notification of, and a registration of the Base 
Prospectus with, a Swiss prospectus office (a "FinSA Prospectus Office") pursuant to the rules of the 
FinSA, as implemented by the relevant FinSA Prospectus Office and (ii) depositing the relevant Final 
Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms with the FinSA Prospectus Office. Such a registration pursuant 
to (i) would be possible for a Base Prospectus that is approved by the CSSF, as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation, i.e. for any Products other than Exempt Products.  
Except to the extent the Base Prospectus is registered with the FinSA Prospectus Office under 
the rules of the FinSA, neither this Programme nor any other offering or marketing material relating to 
the Products constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Programme nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Products may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland, unless the requirements of FinSA and the respective implementing 
ordinances for such public distribution are complied with. 
Requirements to prepare KID for Retail Clients in Switzerland – If an to the extent the 
Products will be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly to Retail Clients in Switzerland, a key 
investor document (Basisinformationsblatt) in the sense of Article 58 et seq. of FinSA relating to the 
Products (a "FinSA-KID") would need to be prepared, unless the Retail Clients shall receive a key 
information document pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation instead of a FinSA-KID. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Products and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
"Plan of Distribution".  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any copy hereof may be sent, taken into or distributed in the 
United States or to any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or in any other jurisdiction where to do 
so would be unlawful. This Base Prospectus may not be reproduced either in whole or in part, without 
the written permission of the Issuer. 
As used herein with respect to the Notes, "U.S. person" means a person that is a "U.S. person" 
as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
As used herein with respect to the Certificates or Warrants, "U.S. person" means a person that 
is any one or more of the following: (1) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act, (2) a "U.S. person" as defined in (a) the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding 
Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations Promulgated by the CFTC or (b) the Final Rule Relating to 
Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap 
Dealers and Major Swap Participants Promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified 
or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the CEA or (3) any other "U.S. person" as such term 
may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations or guidance adopted under the CEA (each such person, 
a U.S. person). 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Products constitutes an offer or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer 
or any the Dealers to any person to subscribe for, or purchase, any Products. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates 
(other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) or the Arranger makes any representation or warranty, 
express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or accepts any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other 
statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer (other than the Issuer in its 
capacity as Dealer) or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the 
Products. Nothing contained in this Base Prospectus is, or should be relied upon as, a promise or 
representation by the Arranger or a Dealer (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer). The Arranger 
and each Dealer (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) accordingly disclaims all and any

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might 
otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Products (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) 
should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Products should purchase any Products. Each investor contemplating purchasing the Products, as the 
case may be, should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and 
its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. 
None of the Dealers (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) or the Arranger undertakes 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the BIL Group during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in 
the Products of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, 
references to "EUR" and "euro" are to the currency introduced pursuant to Article 109I(4) of the Treaty 
establishing the European Community as amended by the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty 
of Amsterdam and as further amended from time to time, to "GBP", "Pounds Sterling" and "Sterling" 
are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom and to "U.S.$", "USD" and "U.S. dollars" are to the 
lawful currency of the United States.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 20 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF PRODUCTS ................. 66 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................ 72 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ............................................................................................................ 73 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE PRODUCTS .................................................................................. 74 
SEPARATE WARRANT CONDITIONS .............................................................................................. 103 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS ...................................................................................................................... 125 
UNDERLYING SPECIFIC CONDITIONS ........................................................................................... 413 
PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATE (GENUSSSCHEINE) LINKED CONDITIONS ............................... 421 
INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS............................................................................................................ 430 
DEPOSITARY RECEIPT LINKED CONDITIONS............................................................................... 437 
COMMODITY LINKED CONDITIONS ................................................................................................ 446 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS .................................................................. 452 
FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED CONDITIONS ................................................................................ 460 
FIXED RATE INSTRUMENT AND DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENT LINKED CONDITIONS................. 466 
ETF LINKED CONDITIONS ................................................................................................................ 473 
FUND LINKED CONDITIONS............................................................................................................. 482 
REFERENCE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS ...................................................................................... 489 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ................ 493 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE WARRANTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ........ 498 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................................... 503 
BANQUE INTERNATIONALE À LUXEMBOURG, SOCIÉTÉ ANONYME ......................................... 504 
TAXATION .......................................................................................................................................... 517 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION .................................................................................................................. 537 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................... 547 
FORM OF SEPARATE WARRANT FINAL TERMS ........................................................................... 673 
SUMMARY OF THE SEPARATE WARRANTS .................................................................................. 685 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT .................................................................................................. 686 
FORM OF SEPARATE WARRANT PRICING SUPPLEMENT .......................................................... 803 
OTHER INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................... 808 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................. 811

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in particular,  
(a) 
in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular tranche of Products governed by the 
General Conditions of the Products, together with the applicable payout conditions and the 
relevant underlying specific conditions, which are subject to the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Products, the applicable Pricing Supplement); and  
(b) 
in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular tranche of Warrants governed by the 
Separate Warrant Conditions, the conditions of those Warrants, which are subject to the 
applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms (or in the case of such Exempt Warrants, the 
applicable Separate Warrant Pricing Supplement).  
The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Products shall be issued in a form other 
than that contemplated in the terms and conditions listed above, in which event, in the case of Products 
other than Exempt Products and, if appropriate, a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new base 
prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
Information relating to the Issuer:  
Main business activities of Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme (“BIL” or 
the “Issuer”) cover the fields of commercial banking, private banking, financial banking, asset 
management and investment fund administration services. 
BIL was incorporated in Luxembourg on 8 March 1856 in the form of a société anonyme (public 
limited liability company), governed by Luxembourg law. Its registered office is located at 69, route 
d'Esch, Luxembourg, L-2953 Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, telephone number +352 45901. BIL is 
registered in the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies under number B-6307. 
BIL's duration is unlimited. 
The objects of BIL are to undertake all banking and financial operations of whatsoever kind, 
and, inter alia, to accept deposits from the public or any other person or institutions and to grant credit 
for its own account. It may also undertake all activities reserved for investment firms and to other 
professionals in the financial sector and all financial, administrative, management and advisory 
operations directly or indirectly related to its activities. It may establish subsidiaries, branches and 
agencies in or outside Luxembourg and participate in all financial, commercial and industrial operations. 
Information relating to the Programme: 
 
Issuer: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
9CZ7TVMR36CYD5TZBS50 
Description: 
Programme for the issue of Structured Notes, Certificates 
and Warrants. 
Arranger: 
BIL 
Dealers: 
Leonteq Securities AG 
BIL 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or 
appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more 
Tranches of Products or in respect of the whole 
Programme. 
Paying Agent: 
In respect of SIX SIS Securities only: Leonteq Securities 
AG or BIL 
In respect of Euroclear/Clearstream Securities: BIL

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Information Relating to the Notes 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having 
one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical 
(or identical other than in respect of the first payment of 
interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each 
Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on 
the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of 
each Tranche (provided by the General Conditions of the 
Products and supplemented, where necessary, with 
supplemental terms and conditions, payout conditions, 
underlying specific conditions and which, save in respect 
of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and 
nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the 
terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out 
in the applicable final terms (the "Final Terms") or in the 
case of Exempt Notes the relevant pricing supplement (the 
“Pricing Supplement”). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only ("Bearer 
Notes"), in bearer form exchangeable for Registered 
Notes ("Exchangeable Bearer Notes") or in registered 
form only ("Registered Notes"). Each Tranche of Bearer 
Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes will initially be 
represented by a temporary Global Note if (i) definitive 
Notes are to be made available to Noteholders following 
the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such 
Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year and 
are being issued in compliance with the D Rules (as 
defined in "Notes Selling Restrictions"), otherwise such 
Tranche will be represented by a permanent Global Note. 
Registered Notes will be represented by Registered Note 
Certificates, one Registered Note Certificate being issued 
in respect of each Noteholder's entire holding of 
Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Note 
Certificates that are registered in the name of a nominee 
for one or more clearing systems are referred to as 
"Registered Note Global Certificates". 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or SIS and, in 
relation to any Tranche, such other clearing system as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the 
relevant Global Note is a NGN or the relevant Registered 
Note Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Global 
Note or the Registered Note Global Certificate will be 
delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for 
each Tranche, if the relevant Global Note is a CGN or the 
relevant Registered Note Global Certificate is not held 
under the NSS, (i) the Global Note representing Bearer 
Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes or (ii) the Registered 
Note Global Certificate representing Registered Notes

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
may (or, in the case of Notes listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall) be deposited with 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Global Notes or Registered Note Global 
Certificates relating to Notes may also be deposited with 
any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any 
clearing system provided that, save in the case of delivery 
to Euroclear France, the method of such delivery has been 
agreed in advance by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or more 
clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name of 
nominees or a common nominee for such clearing 
systems. 
SIX SIS Securities 
In respect of SIX SIS Securities which constitute 
Intermediated Securities, the holder and legal owner of 
such SIX SIS Securities will be the person holding them in 
a securities account (Effektenkonto) in their own name and 
for 
their 
own 
account 
with 
their 
custodian 
(Verwahrungsstelle) in accordance with the terms of the 
FISA. The records of such custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) 
determine the number of SIX SIS Securities held by such 
Investor and the FISA grants each Investor the right to ask 
the custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) for information about 
Intermediated Securities that are credited to their account. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, Notes may be issued in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, Notes may have any maturity that is one 
month or greater. 
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to 
money market instruments having a maturity at issue of 
less than 12 months and complying also with the definition 
of securities are not subject to the approval provisions 
stated therein. 
Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, and save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be €1,000  (or, if the Notes are denominated 
in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency)). Such minimum denomination does not 
apply to Exempt Products or Unit Certificates.  
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes. 
 
THE ISSUER MAY AGREE WITH ANY DEALER THAT 
EXEMPT NOTES MAY BE ISSUED IN A FORM NOT 
CONTEMPLATED BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
OF THE NOTES (EXCEPT THAT, WHERE SUCH 
EXEMPT NOTES ARE TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING 
ON THE EURO MTF MARKET OF THE LUXEMBOURG 
STOCK EXCHANGE, SUCH VARIATIONS TO THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS SHALL NOT ENTAIL THE 
CREATION OF AN ENTIRELY NEW PRODUCT), IN

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
WHICH EVENT THE RELEVANT PROVISIONS WILL BE 
INCLUDED 
IN 
THE 
APPLICABLE 
PRICING 
SUPPLEMENT. 
Interest Periods and 
Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes, the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes 
may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits 
the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same 
interest period. All such information will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement). 
Redemption: 
In the case of Notes, the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in 
specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons 
or upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event) 
or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer. Such redemption will be subject to (amongst other 
conditions) such redemption being permitted by applicable 
MREL Regulations and subject to the Issuer obtaining 
Supervisory Permission therefor. 
Status of Notes: 
Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer as described in 
"General Conditions of the Products— 
Status".  
No Set-off: 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, 
claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation or 
retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer 
arising under, or in connection with, the Notes and each 
Noteholder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Notes, be 
deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, 
compensation or retention. 
Cross Default: 
See "General Conditions of the Products—Events of 
Default". 
Early Redemption: 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior 
to maturity for tax reasons, illegality or following certain 
adjustment or settlement disruption event. See "General 
Conditions of the Products—Redemption, Purchase and 
Options". 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of interest in respect of the Notes will be 
made free and clear of withholding taxes of Luxembourg, 
unless the withholding is required by law. In such event, 
the Issuer shall, subject to customary exceptions, pay 
such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholder of such amounts as would have been received 
by it had no such withholding been required, all as 
described in "General Conditions of the Products—
Taxation". 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by Luxembourg law.  
Listing/Admission to Trading: 
Admission to (i) the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admission to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Euro MTF 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, (ii) listing on 
the Official List of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and 
trading on the Open Market or (iii) as otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
Notes, Pricing Supplement). As specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement) a Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
Notes Selling Restrictions: 
Notes may be issued to any investor subject to selling 
restrictions – the United States, the European Economic 
Area (including Luxembourg, Belgium, Netherlands, 
France, Germany, Austria, Italy and Denmark). See "Plan 
of Distribution". 
 
No Notes, or interests therein, may at any time be offered, 
sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. 
person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act) except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with 
all applicable securities laws of any state of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction (see "Plan of Distribution"). 
No Certificates or Warrants, or interests therein, may at 
any time be offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged, 
delivered or redeemed, directly or indirectly, at any time in 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, one 
or more of the following: (1) a "U.S. person" as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, (2) a "U.S. person" 
as defined in (a) the Interpretive Guidance and Policy 
Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap 
Regulations Promulgated by the CFTC or (b) the Final 
Rule Relating to Cross-Border Application of the 
Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements 
Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants 
Promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, 
modified or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to 
the CEA or (3) any other "U.S. person" as such term may 
be defined in Regulation S or in regulations or guidance 
adopted under the Commodity Exchange Act (each such 
person, a U.S. person), and any such transfer shall not be 
recognized. 
With respect to an issuance of Notes, the Issuer is a 
Category 2 issuer for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
As used herein with respect to the Notes, "U.S. person" 
means a person that is a "U.S. person" as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
Bearer Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes will be 
issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163- 
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States Treasury 
regulation section, including without limitation, successor 
regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue 
Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the 
United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment 
Act of 2010) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the applicable Final 
Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement)] state that Notes are 
issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor United States Treasury 
regulation section, including without limitation, successor 
regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue 
Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the 
United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment 
Act of 2010) (the "C Rules") or (ii) the Notes are issued 
other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
"registration required obligations" under the United States 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
applicable Final Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) as 
a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.  
Ratings: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms or Separate 
Warrant Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating(s) assigned to the Programme. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Issuer has been rated A- by Standard & Poor's and 
A2 by Moody’s. 
Risk Factors: 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the 
Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a 
wide range of factors which individually or together could 
result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments 
due in respect of the Notes. It is not possible to identify all 
such factors or to determine which factors are most likely 
to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant 
factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to 
be material may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The 
Issuer has identified a number of factors which could 
materially adversely affect its business and ability to make 
payments due under the Notes. These factors include the 
creditworthiness of its customers and counterparties; the 
risks linked to the fluctuations of market prices, the risk of 
financial or non-financial impact resulting from inadequate 
or failed internal processes or systems, from people's 
failings or from external events; its exposure to 
counterparties in the financial services industry arising 
through trading, lending, deposit-taking, clearance and 
settlement 
and 
numerous 
other 
activities 
and 
relationships, 
including 
hedging 
and 
other 
risk 
management strategies utilised by the Issuer; the risk that 
the Issuer continues to hold sufficient funds to meet its 
contracted and contingent commitments to customers and 
counterparties; substantial regulation and regulatory 
oversight in the jurisdictions in which it operates, together 
with future regulatory developments, including changes to 
accounting standards and the amount of regulatory capital 
required to support the risk, fiscal and other policies that 
are adopted by the various regulatory authorities of the 
European Union, foreign governments and international 
agencies; the level of banking, finance and financial 
services required by its customers which is heavily 
dependent on customer confidence, market interest rates 
and other factors that affect the economy; strong 
competition across all its markets from local and 
international financial institutions including banks, building 
societies, life insurance companies and mutual insurance 
organisations.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the sale of the Notes will be used for 
the general funding purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect of 
any issue of Notes which are derivative securities, there is 
a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Information Relating to the Warrants 
and Certificates 
 
Method of Issue: 
The Warrants and Certificates will be issued in Series 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical, the Certificates or Warrants of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Certificates 
or Warrants of that Series. Each Series may be issued in 
Tranches on the same or different issue dates.  
The specific terms of each Tranche of the Warrants (other 
than the Warrants governed by the Separate Warrant 
Conditions) and Certificates, which are governed by the 
General Conditions of the Products, and supplemented, 
where necessary, by supplemental terms and conditions, 
payout conditions, underlying specific conditions) and 
which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price and 
number of Certificates and Warrants comprising the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of 
the same Series) will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "relevant Final Terms”) or in the case of 
Exempt Certificates or Exempt Warrants, in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement (the “relevant Pricing Supplement”).  
The specific terms of each Tranche of Warrants governed 
by the Separate Warrant Conditions and supplemented, 
where necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions 
and which, save in respect of the issue date, issue price 
and number of Warrants comprising the Tranche, will be 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same 
Series) will be set out in the applicable Separate Warrant 
Final Terms (the "relevant Separate Warrant Final 
Terms”) or in the case of such Exempt Warrants, in the 
applicable Separate Warrant Pricing Supplement (the 
“relevant Separate Warrant Pricing Supplement”).  
Issue Price: 
The Certificates or Warrants may be issued at any issue 
price. The issue price will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms or in the case of 
Exempt Certificates or Exempt Warrants, in the relevant 
Pricing 
Supplement 
or 
Separate 
Warrant 
Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable. 
Form of Certificates and Warrants: 
The Certificates and Warrants are issued in bearer form 
only ("Bearer Warrants"), being capable of being 
purchased, transferred and exercised only through an 
account at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Tranche of Certificates and Warrants will be represented 
on issue by a permanent Global Certificate or Global 
Warrant exchangeable for definitive Certificates or 
definitive Warrants (as applicable) in the limited 
circumstances specified in the permanent Global 
Certificate or Global Warrant.  
Initial Delivery of Certificates and 
Warrants: 
Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 
Permanent Global Certificates and permanent Global 
Warrants will be deposited with a common depositary for

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg immediately 
prior to their issue date. 
SIX SIS Securities 
In respect of SIX SIS Securities which constitute 
Intermediated Securities, the holder and legal owner of 
such SIX SIS Securities will be the person holding them in 
a securities account (Effektenkonto) in their own name and 
for 
their 
own 
account 
with 
their 
custodian 
(Verwahrungsstelle) in accordance with the terms of the 
FISA. The records of such custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) 
determine the number of SIX SIS Securities held by such 
Investor and the FISA grants each Investor the right to ask 
the custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) for information about 
Intermediated Securities that are credited to their account. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear, SIS and, in relation 
to any Tranche of Certificates or Warrants, such other 
clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
Terms of the Certificates and 
Warrants: 
As set out in the relevant Final Terms or Separate Warrant 
Final Terms (or in the case of Exempt Certificates or 
Exempt Warrants, in the relevant Pricing Supplement or 
Separate Warrant Pricing Supplement), each Series of 
Certificates or Warrants will entitle the holder of 
Certificates or Warrants to receive a cash amount or 
delivery of a share amount, as the case may be, from the 
Issuer calculated in accordance with the relevant Final 
Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms, as applicable 
and, respectively, the General Conditions of the Products 
or the Separate Warrant Conditions, as applicable.  
Each Final Terms, Separate Warrant Final Terms (or in the 
case of Exempt Certificates or Exempt Warrants, each 
Pricing 
Supplement 
or 
Separate 
Warrant 
Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable) will set forth certain 
information with respect to Certificates or Warrants of the 
relevant 
Series 
(distinguishing 
between 
separate 
Tranches of Certificates or Warrants, if applicable) to 
which the Certificates or Warrants are linked, the 
maximum aggregate number and type of Certificates or 
Warrants, the date of issue, the issue price, the exercise 
price, the settlement amount, the exercise period or the 
exercise date or dates, the final exercise date and the 
settlement date, as applicable.  
Exempt Certificates and Exempt 
Warrants: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Certificates and Exempt 
Warrants. 
THE ISSUER MAY AGREE WITH ANY DEALER THAT 
EXEMPT CERTIFICATES OR EXEMPT WARRANTS 
MAY BE ISSUED IN A FORM NOT CONTEMPLATED BY 
THE 
TERMS 
AND 
CONDITIONS 
OF 
THE 
CERTIFICATES OR WARRANTS (EXCEPT THAT, 
WHERE SUCH EXEMPT CERTIFICATES OR EXEMPT 
WARRANTS ARE TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON 
THE EURO MTF MARKET OF THE LUXEMBOURG 
STOCK EXCHANGE, SUCH VARIATIONS TO THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS SHALL NOT ENTAIL THE 
CREATION OF AN ENTIRELY NEW PRODUCT), IN 
WHICH EVENT THE RELEVANT PROVISIONS WILL BE 
INCLUDED 
IN 
THE 
APPLICABLE 
PRICING

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT OR SEPARATE WARRANT PRICING 
SUPPLEMENT, AS APPLICABLE. 
Important Notice 
for Investors: 
Investors should note that the Certificates or Warrants 
create options exercisable by the relevant holder. There is 
no obligation upon any holder to exercise his Certificate or 
Warrant nor, in the absence of such exercise in the case 
of Certificates or Warrants to which automatic exercise 
does not apply, any obligation upon the Issuer to pay, 
deliver or cause to be paid or delivered any amount in 
respect of the Certificates or Warrants. Upon exercise of 
any Certificates or Warrants, holders will be required to 
make a certification in respect of certain laws of the United 
States (see the General Conditions of the Products and 
the Separate Warrant Conditions ). 
Status of Certificates and Warrants: 
The 
Certificates 
and 
Warrants 
will 
constitute 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
Events of Default: 
The Warrants governed by the Separate Warrant 
Conditions will not contain any events of default. The 
General Conditions applicable in respect of the other 
Warrants (and Certificates) provide for events of default. 
Redemption 
The relevant Final Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Certificates or Exempt Warrants, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement or Separate Warrant 
Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant 
Certificates or Warrants are partially redeemable or 
redeemable on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated redemption date and at a price or prices and on 
such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Termination for Illegality and certain 
adjustment and disruption events: 
The Issuer has the right to terminate any Certificates or 
Warrants prior to exercise only if its performance under 
such Certificates or Warrants has become unlawful or in 
the event of certain adjustment or disruption events. (See 
General Conditions of the Products and the Separate 
Warrant Conditions).  
Taxation: 
Holders will be liable for any taxes, including withholding 
tax, arising in connection with the Certificates or Warrants. 
Governing Law: 
The Certificates and Warrants shall be governed by 
Luxembourg law. 
Listing/Admission to Trading: 
Admission to (i) the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admission to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Euro MTF 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, (ii) listing on 
the Official List of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and 
trading on the Open Market or (iii) as otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Separate Warrant Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Certificates or Exempt 
Warrants, Pricing Supplement or Separate Warrant 
Pricing Supplement). As specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt 
Certificates 
or 
Exempt Warrants, 
Pricing 
Supplement or Separate Warrant Pricing Supplement), a 
Series of Certificate or Warrants may be unlisted. 
Certificates and Warrants Selling 
Restrictions: 
Certificates and Warrants may be issued to any investor 
subject to selling restrictions – the United States, the 
European 
Economic 
Area 
(including 
Luxembourg,

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
Belgium, Netherlands, France, Germany, Austria, Italy and 
Denmark). See "Plan of Distribution". 
No Certificates or Warrants, or interests therein, may at 
any time be offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged, 
delivered or redeemed, directly or indirectly, in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, one or more 
of the following: (1) a "U.S. person" as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, (2) a "U.S. person" 
as defined in (a) the Interpretive Guidance and Policy 
Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap 
Regulations Promulgated by the CFTC or (b) the Final 
Rule Relating to Cross-Border Application of the 
Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements 
Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants 
Promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, 
modified or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to 
the CEA or (3) any other "U.S. person" as such term may 
be defined in Regulation S or in regulations or guidance 
adopted under the Commodity Exchange Act (each such 
person, a U.S. person), and any such transfer shall not be 
recognized. Furthermore, neither the sale of nor trading in 
Certificates or Warrants have been approved by the CFTC 
under the CEA, and no U.S. person (as defined herein) 
may at any time purchase, trade, exercise or maintain a 
position in Certificates or Warrants unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms or Separate Warrant 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Certificates or 
Exempt Warrants, Pricing Supplement or Separate 
Warrant Pricing Supplement, as applicable). 
As used herein with respect to the Certificates and 
Warrants, "U.S. person" means a person that is any one 
or more of the following: (1) a "U.S. person" as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act, (2) a "U.S. person" 
as defined in (a) the Interpretive Guidance and Policy 
Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap 
Regulations Promulgated by the CFTC or (b) the Final 
Rule Relating to Cross-Border Application of the 
Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements 
Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants 
Promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, 
modified or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to 
the CEA or (3) any other "U.S. person" as such term may 
be defined in Regulation S or in regulations or guidance 
adopted under the Commodity Exchange Act (each such 
person, a U.S. person). 
Risk Factors: 
There are risk factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Warrants. There are risk 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with the Warrants. These include 
the risk that the Warrants may not be a suitable investment 
for all investors. There are risk factors that relate to the 
structure of a potential issue of Warrants. Investment in 
warrants involves a high degree of risk, certain factors 
affecting the value and trading price of warrants, 
limitations on exercise, minimum exercise amount, certain 
considerations regarding hedging and time lag after 
exercise. There are risks relating to the market generally. 
These include the secondary market generally, exchange 
rate risks and exchange controls, interest rate risks and

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
credit ratings may not reflect all risks. Legal investment 
considerations may restrict certain investments. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the sale of the Certificates and 
Warrants will be used for the general funding purposes of 
the Issuer. If, in respect of any issue of Certificates or 
Warrants which are derivative securities, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in 
the relevant Final Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Certificates or Exempt Warrants, 
Pricing 
Supplement 
or 
Separate 
Warrant 
Pricing 
Supplement). 
Commodity Linked Products: 
Products linked to one or more commodities which are 
governed by the Commodity Linked Conditions (as set out 
in this Base Prospectus). 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Products: 
Products linked to one or more currency exchange rates 
which are governed by the Currency Exchange Rate 
Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus). 
Depositary Receipt Linked 
Products: 
Products linked to one or more Depositary Receipts (as 
defined in this Base Prospectus) which are governed by 
the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions (as set out in 
this Base Prospectus). 
Derivative Instrument Linked 
Products / Fixed Rate Instrument 
Linked Products: 
Products linked to one or more fixed rate instruments or 
derivative instruments which are governed by the Fixed 
Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked 
Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus). 
ETF Linked Products: 
Products linked to one or more exchange traded funds 
which are governed by the ETF Linked Conditions (as set 
out in this Base Prospectus). 
 
 
Fund Linked Products: 
Products linked to Funds (as defined in this Base 
Prospectus) which are governed by the the Fund Linked 
Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus). 
Futures Contract Linked Products: 
Products linked to one or more futures contracts which are 
governed by the Futures Contract Linked Conditions (as 
set out in this Base Prospectus). 
Index Linked Products: 
Products linked to one or more indices which are governed 
by the Index Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base 
Prospectus). 
Participation Certificate 
(Genussscheine) Linked Products: 
Products linked to one or more participation certificates 
(Genussscheine) which are governed by the Participation 
Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions (as set out 
in this Base Prospectus). 
Reference Rate Linked Products: 
Products linked to a reference rate which are governed by 
the the Reference Rate Linked Conditions (as set out in 
this Base Prospectus). 
Share Linked Products: 
Products linked to one or more shares which are governed 
by the the Share Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base 
Prospectus).  
The Issuer will not issue Products under this Base 
Prospectus that would fall under Article 19(3) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Products, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise 
be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Products. There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due in respect 
of the Product. The Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently 
deems not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the 
Issuer’s control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could 
materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due under the Products. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Products are also described below. 
Investing in the Products involves significant risks. Investors should reach their own investment decision 
only after consultation with their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with an 
investment in the Products and the suitability of investing in the Products in light of the particular 
characteristics and terms of the Products and of the investors’ particular financial circumstances. As 
part of making an investment decision, an investor should make sure it thoroughly understands the 
terms of the Products. A potential investor should also carefully consider the risk factors and the other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, and the other information included and incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus before deciding to invest in the Products, and it should evaluate 
(either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and 
other factors that may affect an investment in the Products and an investor’s ability to bear the loss of 
all or a portion of an investor’s investment. All investors should make their own evaluations of the risks 
associated with an investment in the Products and consult their own professional advisers if necessary. 
The market price of the Products could decline due to the realisation of these risks, and investors could 
lose part or all of the value of their investments 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Products. 
The risk factors are presented in a limited number of categories depending on their nature. In each 
category the most material risk factor is mentioned first according to the assessment of the Issuer. The 
Issuer assessed the materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact. 
Words and expressions defined in the General Conditions of the Products or, where applicable, the 
Separate Warrant Conditions have the same meanings in this risk factor section. 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS – RISK FACTORS 
 
Categories 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
1. Risk factors relating to the Issuer’s activities 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer’s structure and funding requirements 
3. Risks relating to the regulatory environment and the market 
Page 
[19] 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS 
[24] 
1. Risks related to the particular nature of the Products  
2. Risk factors associated with the Products 
3. Risks relating to regulation of the Products and the financial markets generally 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s activities

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
1.1. 
Credit risk 
As a credit institution, the Issuer is exposed to the creditworthiness of its customers and 
counterparties. The Issuer may suffer losses related to the inability of its customers or other 
counterparties to meet their financial obligations. Nevertheless, counterparties classified as 
"Investment Grade" represent a large majority of the Issuer’s total exposure. 
One of the components of the solvency ratio is the risk-weighted assets ("RWA") that are used 
to determine the minimum amount of capital that must be held by banks and other institutions 
to reduce the risk of insolvency. During 2021, the Bank continued to strengthen its credit risk 
identification and measurement capabilities by implementing a number of material changes as 
per its Credit Risk & ECL Roadmap. These changes relate to Governance and Reporting (for 
example enriching the Credit Risk Dashboard with new or improved metrics), International 
Finacial Reporting Standard 9 – Financial Instruments (“IFRS 9”) (in particular Staging and 
Management Overlays), Moratoria, Immovable collateral valuation and Sectorial monitoring. 
Moreover on Credit Risk Pillar I model framework in 2021, BIL continued to invest time and 
resources in ensuring that it continues to comply with regulatory standards. During 2021, there 
were many challenges addressed to comply with the regulations, most notably the EBA IRB 
Repair Programme of which: (i) The PD, LGD and CCF Retail/Wealth models developed in 
2020 have been validated and submitted for ECB approval, as well as a new LGD SME/Mid 
Corp model and, (ii) In order to further simplify the model landscape and address regulatory 
issues, regulatory capital requirements for the Financial Institution exposures have reverted to 
the Standardised Approach (ECB approval effective as of January 2022), which retired the 
Bank PD model from use. 
To note also that beyond regulatory matter, the risk team has continued to develop a RAROC 
approach and tool in order to enhance the accurate view on the Bank’s return on capital. 
The standardised method is also used for the calculation of the weighted operational risks of 
the Issuer. As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer's total RWAs amounted to EUR 10.2 billion, 
compared with EUR 9.2 billion at end of 2020 and 8.5 billion at end of 2019.  
Risk Weighted Assets growth of EUR 1 billion (+11%) between 2020 and 2021 is mainly driven 
by credit risk. Credit risk growth is related to the credit risk models and commercial loans’ 
portfolio. In addition, there is a follow-up regarding credit quality of the exposures, whether they 
are classified as non-performing or if with the forborne status, as follows: 
• 
Non-performing exposures - Non-performing loans 
According to the EBA definition, Non-Performing Exposures ("NPE") correspond to files 
classified in default, or in pre-litigation (past due period > 90 days) or all files from 
counterparties whose pre-litigated exposure represent at least 20% of their total 
exposure. Exposures in respect of which a default is considered to have occurred and 
exposures that have been identified as impaired are always considered as NPE. As of 
31 December 2021, BIL Group's NPE amounted to EUR 608 million regarding an 
exposition of EUR 20 billion, leading to a ratio NPE/Total exposures of 3.11% and 
2.66%, excluding non-core activities.  
• 
Forborne exposures  
According to the EBA definition: "Forborne exposures are debt contracts in respect of 
which forbearance measures have been extended. Forbearance measures consist of 
concessions towards a debtor facing or about to face difficulties in meeting their 
financial commitments” (the "Forborne Exposures"). Those measures include, in 
particular, the granting of extensions, postponements, renewals or changes in credit 
terms and conditions, including the repayment plan. As of 31 December 2021, BIL 
Group's Forborne Exposures amounted to EUR 934 million leading to a ratio Forborne 
Exposures/Total Exposures of 2.6%. 
Nevertheless, the Issuer cannot assume that it will not have to make significant additional 
provisions for possible bad and doubtful debts in future periods. 
1.2. 
Money laundering, terrorist financing and other illegal or improper activities 
The Issuer is exposed to risks of fraud and other illegal activities, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business and financial condition.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
A major focus of governmental policy towards financial institutions in recent years has been 
fighting money laundering and terrorist financing. The risk that financial institutions will be 
subjected to or used for bribery or money laundering is higher in less developed markets. One 
of the core pillars of The Issuer’s strategy being private banking and wealth management 
operations, The Issuer is subject to greater compliance and regulatory risks and costs.   
Regulations applicable to the Issuer impose obligations to maintain effective policies, 
procedures and controls to detect, prevent and report money laundering and terrorist financing, 
and to verify the identity of its clients. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programmes 
to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could have serious consequences, such as 
regulatory, litigation and reputational risks. 
The Issuer closely monitors and reviews its anti-money laundering and terrorist financing 
framework on an ongoing basis, as part of its risk mitigation strategy.  
1.3. 
ICT & Security Risk 
 
Information and Communication Technology ("ICT") and security risk includes risk of loss due 
to: 
• 
breach of confidentiality, failure of integrity of systems and data; 
• 
inappropriateness or unavailability of systems and data;  
• 
inability to change information technology within a reasonable time and with reasonable 
costs when the environment or business requirements change;  
• 
security risks resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes; 
• 
external events including cyber-attacks; and 
• 
inadequate physical security to protect BIL’s information and information systems. 
Events can be categorised in multiple ways and may be the result of deliberately malicious acts, 
such as a hacker carrying out an attack with the aim of compromising sensitive information, but 
they may also be unintentional, such as user error that makes a system temporarily unavailable. 
Risk events may come from sources outside the organisation, such as cybercriminals or supply 
chain partners, or sources inside the organisation such as employees or contractors. The Issuer 
has set up a dedicated "ICT and Security Risk Management Charter" to frame the management 
of ICT risks, and in particular define: 
• 
the objective and scope of ICT & Security risk management; 
• 
the high level operating model as well as roles and responsibilities across multiple lines 
of defense; 
• 
the requirements for an ICT & Security risk management processes for identifying, 
evaluating and treating these risks; and 
• 
the requirements for the ICT & Security risk reporting. 
This Charter is complemented by the Business Continuity Management and Crisis 
Management charter that defines the objectives, methodology and governance to ensure the 
continuity of the critical activities. 
2. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s structure and funding requirements 
2.1. 
Concentration Risk 
The concentration risk is the exposure(s) that may arise within or across different risk categories 
throughout the Issuer with the potential to produce: (i) losses large enough to threaten the 
Issuer’s health or ability to maintain its core operations or (ii) a material change in the Issuer’s 
risk profile. Concentration risk can have an impact on Issuer’s capital, liquidity and earnings. 
For example, an Issuer highly dependent for its profits on a single business sector and/or a 
single geographic area may be affected to a greater extent by sectoral or regional business 
cycles. Different sources of income may not be independent of each other. These 
interdependencies should be taken into account when assessing concentration risk. The 
business concentration may increase vulnerability with regard to specific cycles, business and

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
geographic specialisation may still enhance the performance of the Issuer, since focusing on 
specific sectors, products or regions may generate business concentration risk. 
Some concentration risks have been identified in connection with the Issuer as following: 
• 
Geographical concentration risk:  
Such risk describes the level of risk in the Issuer's portfolio arising from concentration 
to a single sector or country. This risk arises from the observation that more 
concentrated portfolios are less diverse and therefore the returns on the underlying 
assets are more correlated. As far as the Issuer is concerned, the concentration risk is 
considered as one of main risks with the highest potential impact on the Issuer. 
• 
Business/Key clients concentration risk:  
In 2021 and in line with BIL Group’s business model and strategy, the "Individuals", 
"SME" and "Self-Employed" segment remained the Issuer's largest portfolio, 
representing around 35% of the overall exposure. The "Central Governments" 
exposure weighting slightly increased compared with the previous year but remained 
the second segment of the Bank’s portfolio, representing 34% of the overall exposure. 
Exposures to "Financial Institutions" decreased compared to the end of 2020, 
representing 11.1% of the overall exposures, while the weight of "Corporate" slightly 
increased compared to 2020 (18.3%). 
2.2. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk measures the Issuer's ability to meet its current and future liquidity requirements, 
both expected and unexpected, whether or not the situation deteriorates. 
The objective of liquidity management is to ensure that, at all times, the Issuer holds sufficient 
funds to meet its contracted and contingent commitments to customers and counterparties, at 
an economic price. All the main issues regarding liquidity risk are directly managed by the 
Issuer's "Asset and Liability Management" function, which manages the Issuer's resources and 
their use, in particular the adequacy of expected new lending production with the available 
resources and the Issuer's liquidity needs. In this context, the BIL Group addresses its structural 
liquidity risk through governance and controls put in place (realised by the Issuer’s risk 
management department), as well as the follow up made of its main liquidity ratios.  
The liquidity management process is based upon covering funding requirements with available 
liquidity reserves. Funding requirements are assessed carefully, dynamically and 
comprehensively by taking the existing and planned on and off-balance sheet asset and liability 
transactions into consideration.  
The Issuer notably manages its liquidity needs through the regulatory liquidity ratios with a 
short-term view ("LCR", Liquidity Coverage Ratio) and with a long-term view ("NSFR", Net 
Stable Funding Requirement). 
• 
LCR - is the main regulatory short-term liquidity reference indicator. It requires the 
Issuer to hold a sufficient level of high-quality liquid assets ("HQLA") to cover its total 
net cash outflows over 30 days. As of 31 December 2021, BIL Group's LCR amounted 
to 142%.  
• 
NSFR - is a regulatory minimum requirement reflecting the longer-term liquidity position 
of an institution. It requires the available amount of stable funding ("ASF", Liability side) 
to exceed the required amount of stable funding ("RSF", Asset side) over a one-year 
period of extended stress. As of 31 December 2021, BIL Group's NSFR amounted to 
127%. 
3. 
Risks relating to the regulatory environment and the market 
3.1. 
Regulatory risk 
The Issuer being classified as "other systemically important institution" authorised in 
Luxembourg by the European Central Bank (the “ECB”), the Issuer's business activities are 
subject to substantial regulation and regulatory oversight in the jurisdictions in which it operates. 
Current, together with future regulatory developments, including changes to accounting 
standards and the amount of regulatory capital required to support the risk, could have an 
adverse effect impacting on how the Issuer conducts its business and on the results of its

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
operations. The Issuer's business and earnings are also affected by fiscal and other policies 
that are adopted by the various regulatory authorities of the European Union, foreign 
governments and international agencies.  
With the growing number of legal and prudential requirements, the Issuer has set up a groupe-
wide legal and regulatory watch within its "Regulatory Affairs" department with the support of 
different regulatory experts, including "Risk and Finance" representatives. 
3.2. 
Market risk 
Market risks are all the risks linked to the fluctuations of market prices, including, principally, 
exposure to loss arising from adverse movements stemming from the Issuer's capital market 
activities. Due to the nature of its activity, the Issuer is prevented from assuming significant 
exposure to market risk. It does not act as a market maker and therefore has very small 
exposure mainly linked to its short-term cash management. Market risks generated by the 
commercial businesses are generally hedged and residual risks are handled by the asset and 
liability management function. 
3.3. 
Infectious disease risk 
The recent emergence of coronavirus (named COVID 19 by the World Health Organisation) in 
2020 and any outbreak, future outbreaks or measures taken by governments of countries in 
response to it and which are all beyond the reasonable control of the Issuer: 
• 
could result in the increased volatility of financial markets globally, a negative impact 
on the economy and activities of the Issuer and in a global economic recession; 
• 
could result in restrictions on travel and public transport, prolonged closures or 
suspension of workplaces and the quarantine of employees, which may restrict the 
Issuer’s operations in various ways in the affected regions; and 
• 
could adversely affect overall investor sentiment due to sporadic volatility in global 
markets and possible material disruptions to the Issuer’s business, which in turn may 
and adversely affect the Issuer. 
3.4. 
Russia – Ukraine Conflict 
International concerns about the effects of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and 
concomitant sanctions activity have created significant uncertainty in global markets. The 
extent of these effects may not be known for some time. The conflict between Russia and 
Ukraine and concomitant sanctions activity by various countries could have significant negative 
impacts on the global economy and lead to widespread market downturns. Whilst the Issuer 
does not have any exposure in the Russian or Ukrainian markets, the conflict, sanctions and 
related events could cause disruptions in the capital markets that could adversely affect the 
value or liquidity of financial instruments such as the Notes or Warrants. The length of such a 
conflict or its consequences cannot be predicted..

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS 
1. 
Risks related to the particular nature of the Products  
1.1. 
Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible liabilities 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund, as amended (the "SRM Regulation"), amongst other things, provides the 
Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") and the national resolution authorities of participating EU 
Member States (in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the CSSF acting in its capacity of 
resolution authority (the "Luxembourg Resolution Authority")) with a set of resolution tools 
and resolution powers. These include the power (i) to sell or merge the business operations or 
parts of the individual business units with another bank (sale of business tool), or (ii) to set up 
a temporary bridge bank to operate critical functions, rights or liabilities (bridge institution tool). 
Furthermore, among others, these include the power (iii) to separate sound assets from 
impaired assets or assets at risk of default (asset separation tool), or (iv) to convert bail-inable 
liabilities (as defined in Article 3(1)(49) of the SRM Regulation) of the Issuer, including liabilities 
under the Products, into equity of the Issuer or another legal entity or to permanently reduce 
their principal amount to potentially zero, or (v) to amend the General Conditions of the 
Products. 
In the event of a resolution of the Issuer, the Luxembourg Resolution Authority shall implement 
all decisions concerning such resolution addressed to it by the SRB. The SRB may only instruct 
the Luxembourg Resolution Authority in accordance with the procedure set out in Article 18 of 
the SRM Regulation if the following conditions are met: (a) the Issuer is failing or likely to fail, 
(b) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent 
the failure of the Issuer within a reasonable timeframe and (c) a resolution action is necessary 
in the public interest. For those purposes, subject to the SRM Regulation, the Luxembourg 
Resolution Authority shall exercise its powers in accordance with the Luxembourg act dated 18 
December 2015 on the failure of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the 
"Resolution Law") which implemented Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 15 May 2014 providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "BRRD"). The 
Luxembourg Resolution Authority has, inter alia, the power to impose, in certain circumstances, 
a suspension of activities. Any suspension of activities can, to the extent determined by the 
Luxembourg Resolution Authority, result in the partial or complete suspension of the 
performance of agreements entered into by the Issuer. 
On 7 June 2019, as part of the amendments to, among others, the BRRD and the SRM 
Regulation, Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms (the "BRRD II") and Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the SRM Regulation as 
regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment 
firms (the "SRM II Regulation" and, together with the BRRD II, the "Banking Reforms") have 
been published in the Official Journal of the EU. The Banking Reforms provide, among others, 
for the introduction of a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary measure and new 
suspension powers which the SRB or the Luxembourg Resolution Authority, as applicable, will 
be able use within the resolution period. Any suspension of activities of the Issuer, as stated 
above, may result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance of agreements 
(including any payment or delivery obligation) entered into by the Issuer.  
The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely 
affect the rights of the holders of the Products, the price or value of their investment in any such 
Product and/or the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under any such Product. 
1.2. 
There are no events of default (other than in limited events such as a liquidation of the 
Issuer) allowing acceleration of the Notes  
General Conditions of the Products do not provide for events of default (other than in limited 
events such as a liquidation of the Issuer as provided in General Condition 10(a)) allowing 
acceleration of the Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any 
obligations under the Notes, including the payment of any interest, investors will not have the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
right of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to 
Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest 
on the Notes will be the institution of proceedings for the liquidation of the Issuer in Luxembourg.  
1.3. 
Substitution and variation relating to Notes without Noteholder consent 
Subject to the provisions of General Condition 12, if an MREL Eligibility Event, an Alignment 
Event and/or a Tax Event (each term as defined in the General Conditions of the Products) 
occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, and without further consent or approval of the Noteholders, 
elect either (i) to substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes, as applicable, or (ii) to modify 
the terms of all (but not some only) of such Notes, as applicable, in each case so that they are 
substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain, Qualifying Notes (as defined in the General 
Conditions of the Products). While Qualifying Notes generally must contain terms that are 
materially no less favourable to Noteholders as the original terms of the Notes, as applicable, 
there can be no assurance that the terms of any Qualifying Notes will be viewed by the market 
as equally favourable, or that the Qualifying Notes will trade at prices that are equal to the prices 
at which the Notes, as applicable would have traded on the basis of their original terms. Further, 
prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer, shall not be obliged to have 
regard to the tax position of individual Noteholders or to the tax consequences of any such 
substitution or variation for individual Noteholders. No Noteholder shall be entitled to claim, 
whether from the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, or any other person, any indemnification or payment 
in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution or variation upon individual 
Noteholders.  
1.4. 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Notes  
The obligation under General Condition 8 to pay additional amounts in the event of any 
withholding or deduction in respect of taxes on any payments under the terms of Notes applies 
only to payments of interest and not to payments of principal. As such, the Issuer would not be 
required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of the Notes to the extent any 
withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. Accordingly, if any such withholding 
or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any Notes, Noteholders may 
receive less than the full amount of principal due under such Notes upon redemption, and the 
market value of such Notes may be adversely affected.  
1.5. 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing additional debt, which may rank pari passu 
with or senior to the Products  
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer or its subsidiaries may issue, which 
ranks pari passu with or senior to the Products. The issue of any such debt or securities may 
reduce the amount recoverable by investors upon the Issuer’s insolvency. If the Issuer’s 
financial condition were to deteriorate, the holders of Products could suffer direct and materially 
adverse consequences and, if the Issuer were liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), 
the holders of Products could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
1.6. 
Risks associated with the liquidity and value of the Products and the possibility of 
adjustment or early termination 
In the case of a subscription period the Issuer reserves the right to end the subscription period 
early or to extend it and that the Issuer is not obliged to accept subscription applications or to 
issue subscribed Products 
The Final Terms may provide for the Products to be offered during a particular subscription 
period. Investors should note in this case that the Issuer reserves the right to end the 
subscription period early or to extend it. In the case of an early ending or an extension of the 
subscription period, the initial fixing date or any other relevant valuation date, as the case may 
be, which determines certain characteristics of the Products, may be adjusted along with the 
Issue Date. The Issuer is not obliged to accept subscription applications. Partial allocations are 
possible (in particular in the event of oversubscription). The Issuer is not obliged to issue 
subscribed Products. For these reasons, investors in Products subject to a public offering may 
receive a Product with different valuation dates than expected and may not receive the Product 
at all. 
In addition, in certain circumstances, the Issuer has the right to terminate the Products prior to 
scheduled maturity and other than on an autocall redemption date. In such case, investors will 
receive the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount, which amount may be zero

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
The Issuer has the right to early terminate the Products in certain circumstances set out in the 
General Conditions of the Products; for example if an adjustment is not possible or upon 
occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event. In such case, the Issuer will redeem the Products 
at the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount, i.e., in the event of an unscheduled early 
redemption there will be no right to payment of any amount provided for in the General 
Conditions of the Products to be calculated on the basis of a redemption formula at the end of 
the term. Investors should note that, such amount may be zero in the worst case, i.e., the 
investor may suffer a total loss of the capital invested. 
In the case of an unscheduled early redemption, the investor may only be able to reinvest the 
amount to be paid by the Issuer on less favourable market terms compared with those existing 
when the Product was purchased. 
Finally, investors bear the risk that their expectations with respect to a potential increase in the 
value of a Product over its scheduled term will not be realised due to the early termination of 
the Product. 
2. 
Risk factors associated with the Products 
2.1. 
Risks associated with the liquidity and value of the Products and the possibility of 
adjustment or early termination 
(a) 
The Products may not have an active trading market and an Investor must be prepared 
to hold the Product until its scheduled maturity  
Investors must be prepared to hold the Products until their scheduled maturity.  
The Products will have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. 
If a market develops, it may not be very liquid and Investors may not be able to find a buyer. 
Restrictions in respect of the purchase and/or sale of the Products in some jurisdictions may 
also have an impact on the liquidity of the Products. As a result, Investors may not be able to 
sell their Products or, if they can, they may only be able to sell them at a price which is 
substantially less than the original purchase price.  
The Products may be listed on a stock exchange but, in such case, the fact that such Products 
are listed will not necessarily lead to greater liquidity. If the Products are not listed or traded on 
any exchange, pricing information for such Products may be more difficult to obtain and they 
may be more difficult to sell.  
The specified size of the offer represents the maximum amount of the Products being offered 
but does not give any indication as to the volume of the Products being effectively issued. This 
volume is determined according to the market conditions and may change during the term of 
the Products, and a significant portion of the issuance of any Products may be held by the 
Issuer or Dealer. Therefore, Investors should note that it is not possible to predict the liquidity 
of the Products in the secondary market based on the specified size of the offer. For these 
reasons as well, a secondary market for the Products may not develop. 
The Issuer is under no obligation to make a market or to repurchase the Products (subject to 
the next paragraph). The Issuer and/or the Dealer may, but are not obliged to, at any time 
purchase Products at any price in the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any 
Products so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. If any Products 
are redeemed in part, then the number of Products outstanding may decrease. Any of these 
activities may have an adverse effect on the liquidity and/or price of the outstanding Products 
in the secondary market.  
Any of the Issuer and/or the Dealer or other party may, as part of its activities as a broker and 
dealer in fixed income and equity securities and related products or pursuant to stock exchange 
listing requirements, make a secondary market in relation to any Products and may provide an 
indicative bid price on a daily basis. Any indicative prices so provided shall be determined by 
the relevant party in its sole discretion taking into account prevailing market conditions and shall 
not be a representation by such party that any Products can be purchased or sold at such prices 
(or at all).  
However, any of these parties may suspend or terminate making a market and providing 
indicative prices without notice, at any time and for any reason. Consequently, there may be 
no market for the Products and Investors should not assume that such a market will exist.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
Investors may therefore not be able to sell their Product during its term and must be prepared 
to hold the Product until its scheduled maturity.  
Additionally, in special market situations, where the Issuer and/or the Dealer is/are unable to 
enter into hedging transactions or where such transactions are very difficult to enter into, the 
spread between the bid and offer prices may be temporarily expanded in order to limit the 
economic risks of the Issuer and/or the Dealer. 
(b) 
Investors in listed Products or in Products linked to one or more listed Underlyings are 
exposed to the risk that the Product or Underlying(s) could be delisted or suspended 
from trading, and this might have an adverse effect on the value of the Product 
It is possible that during the lifetime of the Product, an Underlying is de-listed or suspended 
from trading on the relevant exchange, reference market or quotation system for reasons not 
attributable to the Issuer.  
It is also possible that the Products could be suspended from trading on or de-listed from the 
relevant exchange or quotation system during the lifetime of the Product. The Issuer is under 
no obligation to obtain a listing for any Products and, if a listing is obtained, the Issuer is under 
no obligation to maintain it. 
In either case, there could be an adverse impact on the value of and return on the Product. 
(c) 
The secondary market prices of the Products will likely be lower than the original issue 
price of the Products and sale of the Products in a secondary market may result in a loss 
Any secondary market prices of the Products will likely be lower than the original issue price of 
the Products because, among other things, secondary market prices will likely be reduced by 
selling commissions, profits and hedging and other costs that are accounted for in the original 
issue price of the Products. As a result, the price, if any, at which the Dealer or any other person 
would be willing to purchase the Products in secondary market transactions, if at all, is likely to 
be lower than the original issue price. Accordingly, any sale of the Product by an Investor prior 
to the scheduled redemption date could result in a substantial loss to the Investor.  
If listed, the Products can be traded on an exchange during their term. However, the prices of 
the Products are not determined according to supply and demand, since if there is a secondary 
market, it will likely be provided by a market maker (e.g. potentially the Dealer or a third party, 
as the case may be, in such role). Any such market maker will quote independently calculated 
bid and offer prices for the Products on the secondary market. This price calculation is 
performed on the basis of customary pricing models of the market maker in which the theoretical 
value of the Product is basically determined on the basis of the value of the Underlying(s) and 
other adjustable parameters. The other parameters may include derivative components, 
expected income from the Underlying(s) (e.g., dividends), interest rates, the term or remaining 
term of the Product, the volatility of the Underlying(s) and the supply and demand situation for 
hedging instruments. These or other value-determining parameters may lead to a depreciation 
in value of the Product, even if during the term the Underlying(s) develop favourably for the 
Investor. Please see also Risk Factor 2.6(a)(vii) "Conflicts of interest related to market making 
for the Products" below. 
(d) 
Fees and other transaction costs will likely reduce the return that an investor would 
otherwise realise on a Product 
Commission and other transaction costs which are incurred when buying or selling Products 
may, especially in conjunction with a low contract value, result in cost burdens which may 
reduce the returns on a Product. Therefore, before purchasing a Product, investors should 
obtain information regarding all costs arising when purchasing and selling the Product. 
(e) 
In the case of a subscription period the Issuer reserves the right to end the subscription 
period early or to extend it and that the Issuer is not obliged to accept subscription 
applications or to issue subscribed Products 
The Final Terms may provide for the Products to be offered during a particular subscription 
period. Investors should note in this case that the Issuer reserves the right to end the 
subscription period early or to extend it. In the case of an early ending or an extension of the 
subscription period, the initial fixing date or any other relevant valuation date, as the case may 
be, which determines certain characteristics of the Products, may be adjusted along with the 
Issue Date. The Issuer is not obliged to accept subscription applications. Partial allocations are

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
possible (in particular in the event of oversubscription). The Issuer is not obliged to issue 
subscribed Products. For these reasons, Investors in Products subject to a public offering may 
receive a Product with different valuation dates than expected and may not receive the Product 
at all.  
(f) 
Investors are exposed to the risks of adverse foreign exchange rate movements where 
the Underlying(s) is one or more rates of exchange or because the currency of the 
Underlying(s) needs to be converted to the currency of the Product and/or where the 
currency of the Product is different from the currency of the Investor's home jurisdiction, 
and could lose some of their investment or realise a lower return than in the absence of 
such foreign exchange feature 
If the return on the Product is dependent on one or more foreign exchange rate(s) – either 
because the Underlying(s) is one or more rates of exchange or because the currency of the 
Underlying(s) needs to be converted to the currency of the Product – an Investor is exposed to 
the risk of adverse movements in the value of the relevant foreign currency compared to the 
relevant base currency or currency of the Product. 
An Investor will also be exposed to the risk of adverse foreign exchange rate movements where 
the currency of the Product is different from the currency of the Investor's home jurisdiction. 
Exchange rates are determined by supply and demand factors on international foreign 
exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, speculation and actions by 
governments and central banks (such as currency controls or restrictions) and cannot be 
predicted. Also, significant movements in exchange rates may not correlate with the 
performance of the Underlying(s) or other variables such as interest rates, and the timing of 
such changes may have a negative impact on the value of and return on the Products. This 
may result in a significant loss of the Investor's investment in the Product or the realisation by 
the Investor of a lower return than it would have obtained in the absence of such foreign 
exchange feature. 
(g) 
Changes in tax law or in the tax treatment of the Products could have a negative impact 
on the value of and the return on the Product to an Investor 
Investors should note that it is possible that the tax regime applicable to the Products may be 
changed in a manner not foreseeable at the time the Products are issued. A risk of changes in 
the tax treatment of the Products exists for all relevant jurisdictions. The level and basis of 
taxation on the Products and on the Investor depend on the Investor's individual circumstances 
and could change at any time and may have an adverse impact on the return received by the 
Investor under the Product.  
Any statements made in this Base Prospectus regarding the tax treatment of the Products only 
relate to the purchase of the Products immediately after the issue (primary purchase). Both in 
the case of primary purchase and if an Investor purchases the Products later, Investors should 
therefore seek advice from a tax advisor about the tax effects in connection with the purchase, 
holding, exercising or the sale of the Products prior to the purchase. Furthermore, it is possible 
that the tax authorities may come to a different conclusion than the Issuer regarding tax 
treatment when interpreting and applying the relevant tax rules to the Investor's investment in 
the Products. Any such tax treatment could have an adverse impact on the return received by 
the Investor under the Product. 
(h) 
In certain circumstances, the Issuer has the right to terminate the Products prior to 
scheduled maturity and other than on an autocall redemption date. In such case, 
Investors will receive the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount, which amount may 
be zero 
The Issuer has the right to early terminate the Products in certain circumstances set out in the 
General Conditions of the Products; for example if an adjustment is not possible or upon 
occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event. In such case, the Issuer will redeem the Products 
at the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount, i.e., in the event of an unscheduled early 
redemption there will be no right to payment of any amount provided for in the General 
Conditions of the Products to be calculated on the basis of a redemption formula at the end of 
the term. Investors should note that, such amount may be zero in the worst case, i.e., the 
Investor may suffer a total loss of the capital invested.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
In the case of an unscheduled early redemption, the Investor may only be able to reinvest the 
amount to be paid by the Issuer on less favourable market terms compared with those existing 
when the Product was purchased.  
Finally, Investors bear the risk that their expectations with respect to a potential increase in the 
value of a Product over its scheduled term will not be realised due to the early termination of 
the Product. 
(i) 
Market disruptions and adjustment measures may negatively affect the value of and 
return on the Products and lead to payment delays 
Under the General Conditions of the Products, the Calculation Agent may determine that a 
Market Disruption Event (as defined in the Underlying Specific Conditions) has occurred or 
exists at a certain time. Such an event could lead to the postponement of a date on which the 
Calculation Agent is to establish a valuation of the Underlying (in some cases, potentially up to 
60 days) and in certain circumstances lead to the Calculation Agent estimate the relevant price 
or level of such Underlying and/or to a corresponding delay in the settlement of the Products. 
No interest shall be payable in respect of any such postponement of the settlement of the 
Products and any such postponement or estimate of value could have a negative impact on the 
value of and return on the Products. 
Adjustments will be made in accordance with the General Conditions of the Products. In the 
event of adjustments relating to the Underlying(s), it is possible that the estimates and/or 
assumptions on which an adjustment was based turn out to be incorrect and that the adjustment 
turns out to be unfavourable for the Investor and that the adjustment has a negative impact on 
the value of or return on the Products. 
(j) 
The General Conditions of the Productsmay be amended by the Issuer without the consent of 
the Investors in certain circumstances 
The General Conditions of the Productsmay be amended by the Issuer without the consent of 
the Investors in any of the following circumstances:  
• 
to cure a manifest or proven error or omission; 
• 
where such amendment will not materially and adversely affect the interests of 
Investors;  
• 
to correct or supplement any defective provision;  
• 
where the amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature; 
• 
to comply with mandatory provisions of law; and 
• 
as a result of certain events in respect of the underlying assets (including, but not 
limited to, adjustment events, potential adjustment events, extraordinary events and 
additional disruption events (as specified in the relevant underlying specific 
conditions)). 
For these reasons, in the above circumstances, the General Conditions of the Products may 
be amended without the Investor's consent and/or against the Investor's wishes. 
2.2. 
Risks associated with Tracker Products and Leverage Products 
The following is a description of certain risks associated with Tracker Products and Leverage 
Products. These descriptions are additional to the other risks that apply to these Products, as 
described in this section "Risk Factors" (including, without limitation, '2.3 Risks associated with 
certain features of the Products') 
(a) 
Risks in connection with specific client's objective and needs, such as a sustainable 
investment (ESG Products) 
The Issuer, as the product manufacturer, defines the target market for a Product, i.e. it identifies 
the client needs and characteristics with which it considers the Product to be compatible (the 
Positive Target Market) and those with which it is incompatible (the Negative Target Market). 
The target market thus describes the requirements that a Product places on the target client. 
The target market is defined individually and may include a specific client objective and need 
such as "sustainable", "ecological", "ESG" (Environmental, Social and Governance) or similar 
label. The target market may change during the term of the Product.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
The risk exists that the specific client objective does not meet the individual objectives and 
expectations or relevant investment criteria and guidelines of an Investor. Potential Investors 
should therefore independently and continuously assess the information related to specific 
client objectives and needs, such as the sustainability of the Product, and determine for 
themselves whether an investment in the Product meets individual objectives and expectations 
or relevant investment criteria and guidelines. 
(b) 
Risks associated with Tracker Products 
(i) 
The Management Fee Deduction will reduce the return that an Investor would 
otherwise realise 
If 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms the 
value of and return on the Product will be reduced by a management fee. The 
management fee will be a percentage specified in the Final Terms and will accrue from 
the Initial Fixing Date until the Final Fixing Date, therefore the longer the term of the 
product, the greater the reduction in the value of and return on the Product by the 
management fee. Before purchasing a Product Investors should understand the effect 
of the management fee on the value of and return on the Product. 
(ii) 
The Accrued Management Fee will reduce the return that an Investor would otherwise 
realise 
If 'Tracker Product Style' is specified to be 'Single Underlying with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)' or 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' in the Final Terms, 
the value of and return on the Product will be reduced by an accrued management fee. 
The accrued management fee is (A) deducted directly from the redemption amount an 
Investor would otherwise receive and (B) reduces the number of "units" of the 
underlying used in the calculation of the redemption amount. Before purchasing a 
Product Investors should understand the effect of the management fee on the value of 
and return on the Product. 
(iii) 
The Accrued Performance Fee will reduce the return that an Investor would otherwise 
realise 
If 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and if 
'Tracker Product Style' is specified to be 'Single Underlying with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)' or 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' in the Final Terms, 
the value of and return on the Product may be reduced by an accrued Performance 
fee. The accrued Performance fee is (A) deducted directly from the redemption amount 
an Investor would otherwise receive and (B) reduces the number of "units" of the 
underlying used in the calculation of the redemption amount. Before purchasing a 
Product Investors should understand the effect of the performance fee on the value of 
and return on the Product. 
(c) 
Risks associated with Leverage Products 
(i) 
There are risks associated with the leverage feature of all Leverage Products 
Each type of Leverage Product has a 'leverage' feature'. 'Leverage' refers to the use of 
financial techniques to gain additional exposure to the Underlying. A leverage feature 
will magnify the impact of the performance of the Underlying to cause a greater or lower 
return on the Product than would otherwise be the case in the absence of leverage. As 
such, a leverage feature magnifies losses in adverse market conditions. The inclusion 
of such a leverage feature means that the Products will be more speculative and riskier 
than in the absence of such feature, since smaller changes in the performance of the 
Underlying can reduce (or increase) the return on the Products by more than if the 
Products did not contain a leverage feature. Investors should be aware that a small 
movement in the value of the Underlying can have a significant effect on the value of 
the Products. Products with a leverage feature are more likely to fall for automatic 
cancellation in accordance with their terms below. In such event, an Investor may lose 
some or all of their investment. 
(ii) 
The strike level of the Underlying may take into account the cost of financing exposure 
to the Underlying

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
There are costs associated with financing the 'leveraged' exposure to the Underlying 
(the "financing costs"). The Issuer may factor in these additional financing costs in 
the setting of the strike level, and as a result the strike level may be set at a less 
advantageous level for Investors than if such financing costs were not factored in. A 
less advantageous strike level will reduce the value of and return on the Products. 
(iii) 
Investors may lose all of their investment 
Each type of Leverage Product may be redeemed for a redemption amount equal to 
zero, and as a result of such a redemption Investors would lose all of their investment. 
In respect of all Leverage Products, Investors will lose all of their investment if the level 
of the Underlying on the final fixing date is either (a) in the case of Call Warrant 
Products, Call Knock-Out Warrant Products and Bullish Mini Future Products, at or 
below the strike level of the Underlying or (b) in the case of Put Warrant Products, Put 
Knock-Out Warrant Products and Bearish Mini Future Products, at or above the strike 
level of the Underlying. 
Investors should note that in respect of Call Warrant Products, Put Warrant Products, 
Call Knock-Out Warrant Products and Put Knock-Out Warrant Products, if the strike 
event is specified to be either 'at or above' or 'at or below' (as applicable) then if the 
final fixing level is equal to the strike level, a strike event will be deemed to have 
occurred. However, in such a scenario, the redemption amount determined in 
accordance with the redemption formula shall be zero and Investors will lose all of their 
investment. 
(iv) 
There are risks associated with the knock-out feature of Knock-Out Warrant Products  
Investors in Knock-Out Warrant Products will also lose all of their investment if a 
"knock-out" event has occurred and the Final Terms does not specify 'Rebate' to be 
'Applicable'. A "knock-out event" occurs if the level of the Underlying on a specified 
date (or in a specified period) is (a) in the case of Call Knock-Out Warrant Products, 
above or at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) a predefined "knock-out level", 
or (b) in the case of Put Knock-Out Warrants, is below or at or below (as specified in 
the Final Terms) a predefined "knock-out level". 
Investors should note in this context that the price of Knock-Out Warrant Products is 
reduced disproportionately compared to Warrant Products if the level of the Underlying 
approaches the relevant "knock-out level". 
(v) 
There are risks associated with the stop loss feature of Mini Future Products 
Investors in Mini Future Products bear the risk that the Products automatically redeem 
early if a "stop loss event" occurs, and in such case, Investors may lose all of their 
investment. A "stop loss event" occurs if the level of the Underlying in a specified period 
is (a) in the case of Bullish Mini Future Products, below or at or below (as specified in 
the Final Terms) a predefined "stop loss level" or (b) in the case of Bearish Mini Future 
Products, above or at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) a predefined "stop loss 
level". If a "stop loss event" occurs Investors may lose all of their investment if the 
Issuer (or any of its affiliates) is not able to unwind its hedge positions in relation to the 
Product at a level that is either (a) in the case of Bullish Mini Future Products, above 
the strike level or (b) in the case of Bearish Mini Future Products, below the strike level. 
Investors should note in this context that the price of the Mini Future Products is 
reduced disproportionately compared to Warrant Products, if the price of the Underlying 
approaches the predefined "stop loss level". 
No continuous bid and ask prices for Mini Future Products are quoted by the Issuer on 
the secondary market outside of the trading hours of the Underlying if the Issuer 
expects a "stop loss event" to occur due to different price indicators than the official 
price of the Underlying. Investors should note in this context that the Issuer does not 
commit nor is under any obligation (legal or otherwise) to quote bid and ask prices for 
the Products and Investors should therefore not rely on being able to purchase or sell 
the Products at any time. 
(d) 
Risks associated with Long/Short Products

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
(i) 
The Management Fee Deduction will reduce the return that an Investor would 
otherwise realise 
If 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to be 'Long/Short Product with Management 
Fee Deduction' in the Final Terms the value of and return on the Product will be reduced 
by a management fee. The management fee will be a percentage specified in the Final 
Terms and will accrue from the Initial Fixing Date until the Final Fixing Date, therefore 
the longer the term of the product, the greater the reduction in the value of and return 
on the Product by the management fee. Before purchasing the Product, Investors 
should understand the effect of the management fee on the value of and return on the 
Product. 
(ii) 
There are risks associated with the stop loss feature of Long/Short Products 
If 'Stop Loss Early Redemption' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, 
Investors in Long/Short Products bear the risk that the Products automatically redeem 
early if a "stop loss event" occurs, and in such case, Investors will lose some or all of 
their investment. A "stop loss event" will occur when the market value of the Product 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) falls below a certain pre-determined 
percentage of the initial value of the Product.  
2.3. 
Risks associated with certain features of the Products 
(a) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'leverage' feature 
'Leverage' refers to the use of financial techniques to gain additional exposure to the 
Underlying(s). A leverage feature will magnify the impact of the performance of the 
Underlying(s) to cause a greater or lower return on the Product than would otherwise be the 
case in the absence of leverage. As such, a leverage feature magnifies losses in adverse 
market conditions. In the terms of the Products, the leverage feature may be referred to 
variously as 'Participation', or other term and the Products will have 'leverage' where any of 
these factors is equal to more than 100 per cent. (or 1.00). The inclusion of such a leverage 
feature in the Products means that the Products will be more speculative and riskier than in the 
absence of such feature, since smaller changes in the performance of the Underlying(s) can 
reduce (or increase) the return on the Products by more than if the Products did not contain a 
leverage feature. Investors should be aware that a small movement in the value of the 
Underlying(s) can have a significant effect on the value of the Products. Products with a 
leverage feature are more likely to be affected by automatic cancellation in accordance with 
their terms below. In such event, an Investor may lose their investment.  
(b) 
There are risks in relation to Products linked to the 'worst performing' Underlying in a 
basket  
Where the General Conditions of the Productsinclude a 'worst-of' feature, Investors will be 
exposed to the performance of the Underlying which has the worst performance, rather than 
any of the other Underlying(s). This means that, regardless of how the other Underlying(s) 
perform, if the worst performing Underlying fails to meet a relevant threshold or barrier for the 
payment of interest or the calculation of any redemption amount, Investors might receive no 
interest payments or return on their initial investment and they could lose some or all of their 
investment.  
(c) 
There are risks where the Products include a cap 
Where the General Conditions of the Products provide that the amount payable or underlying(s) 
deliverable is subject to a pre-defined cap, the Investor's ability to participate in any positive 
change in the value of the Underlying(s) will be limited, no matter how much the level, price or 
other value of the Underlying(s) rises above the cap level over the life of the Products. 
Accordingly, the value of or return on the Products may be significantly less than if the Investor 
had purchased the Underlying(s) directly. 
(d) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'conditional' coupon 
If the Products include a 'conditional' coupon, then the coupon will only be paid if the level, price 
or other applicable value of the Underlying(s) on the relevant valuation date(s) either reaches 
or crosses one or more specific barrier(s). It is possible that such level, price or other applicable 
value of the Underlying(s) on the relevant valuation date(s) will not either reach or cross the 
barrier(s) (as applicable), and therefore, no coupon will be payable on the relevant coupon

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
payment date. This means that the amount of coupon payable to an Investor over the term of 
the Products will vary and may be zero. 
(e) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'memory coupon' feature 
If the Products include a 'memory coupon' feature, the payment of coupon will be conditional 
on the value or performance of the Underlying(s). The coupon amount payable will be zero on 
a coupon payment date if the Underlying(s) does not perform in accordance with the terms of 
the Products although such payment will be deferred to the next coupon payment date. If the 
Underlying(s) meets the performance criteria, the coupon payable will be an amount for the 
current coupon payment date plus any amounts deferred from previous coupon payment dates 
where coupon was not paid. Investors will not be paid any coupon or other allowance for the 
deferred payments of coupon and it is possible that the Underlying(s) never meets the 
performance criteria, meaning that Investors will not receive any coupon at all for the lifetime of 
the Products.  
(f) 
There are risks where the Products are open-ended 
If the Products are 'open-ended' - meaning that they do not provide for an expiration date or 
maturity date but may continue indefinitely until either the Investor exercises the Investor's put 
option with regard to the Products or the Issuer exercises the Issuer's right to call the Products 
– the Investor is subject to certain risks, including: 
(i) 
exercise of an Issuer call option or Investor put option: the yields received upon 
cancellation following a call by the Issuer or the Investor's exercise of the Investor put 
may be lower than expected, and the amount received by the Investor may be lower 
than the initial price the Investor paid for the Products and may be zero; and 
(ii) 
automatic early redemption of open-ended Products: the General Conditions of the 
Products may provide that the Products will automatically be redeemed early in certain 
extraordinary circumstances. In such event, the Issuer will redeem the Products at the 
"Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount" which may be substantially less than the 
value of the Products. In such circumstances an Investor is likely to receive less than 
the amount it invested and could receive zero. 
(g) 
There are risks where the Product has an Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) or Investor Put 
Option (Fixed Term) 
Where the General Conditions of the Products provides either Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
or Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) to be applicable, the yields received upon cancellation 
following a call by the Issuer or the Investor's exercise of the Investor put may be lower than 
expected, and the amount received by the Investor may be lower than the initial price the 
Investor paid for the Products and may be zero. 
(h) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'barrier' feature 
If the calculation of coupon or the calculation of any redemption amount depends on the level, 
value or price of the Underlying(s) reaching or crossing a 'barrier' during a specified period or 
specified dates during the term of the Products, such coupon or redemption amount may alter 
dramatically depending on whether the barrier is reached or crossed (as applicable). This 
means that the Investor may receive less (or, in certain cases, more) if the level, value or price 
of the Underlying(s) crosses or reaches (as applicable) a barrier, than if it comes close to the 
barrier but does not reach or cross it (as applicable), and in certain cases the Investor might 
receive no interest payments and/or could lose some or all of its investment. 
(i) 
There are risks where the redemption of the Products depends only on the final 
performance 
If the Products determine the redemption amount based on the performance of the 
Underlying(s) as at the final valuation date only (rather than in respect of multiple periods 
throughout the term of the Products) then the Investor may not benefit from any movement in 
level, value or price of the Underlying(s) during the term of the Products that is not reflected in 
the final performance. 
(j) 
There are risks in relation to Products where the 'strike level' is predetermined 
In respect of Products for which 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Final Terms, notwithstanding that the strike level is specified as a percentage of the Initial

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Fixing Level in the Final Terms, the strike level was determined on a date prior to the date on 
which the Initial Fixing Level is determined. As a result the strike level will not reflect current 
market prices of the Underlying. The probability of the occurrence of any events, along with any 
amounts due to Investors, that are determined by reference to the strike level(s) of the 
Underlyings will be different than if such amount or events were determined by reference to 
current market prices of the Underlying(s). 
(k) 
There are risks in relation to Products linked to a basket of Underlyings 
Where Products are linked to a basket of Underlying(s), Investors will be exposed to the 
performance of each Underlying in the basket and Investors should refer to the relevant risk 
factors in the section relating to each of the asset classes represented. Investors should also 
consider the level of interdependence or 'correlation' between each of the basket constituents 
with respect to the performance of the basket. If the Underlying(s) are correlated, the 
performance of the Underlying(s) in the basket can be expected to move in the same direction 
(and vice versa) and investors should consider the impact of this 'correlation' on the 
performance of the Products.  
Investors should be aware that the performance of a basket with fewer constituents will be more 
affected by changes in the values of any particular basket constituent than a basket with a 
greater number of basket constituents.  
The performance of basket constituents may be moderated or offset by one another. This 
means that, even in the case of a positive performance of one or more constituents, the 
performance of the basket as a whole may be negative if the performance of the other 
constituents is negative to a greater extent.  
If the Underlyings in the basket have different weights, Investors should consider that the lower 
the weighting of the Underlying, the lower the impact of the performance of such Underlying on 
the performance of the entire basket. 
(l) 
There are risks in relation to Products that may be settled by way of delivery of the 
relevant Underlying(s) at maturity 
If the relevant Product is to be settled by way of delivery of the relevant Underlying(s), upon 
maturity of the Products the delivery of the relevant Underlying(s) may be made instead of the 
payment of a monetary amount. In such case, since Investors will be exposed to the specific 
issuer and securities risks associated with the relevant Underlying(s) to be delivered, when 
purchasing the Products investors should consider all Underlyings which could potentially be 
delivered. Investors should not assume that the Underlying(s) to be delivered after redemption 
of the Products can be sold at a specific price, in particular not at a price equivalent to the 
capital used to purchase the Products. In certain circumstances the delivered Underlying(s) 
may only have a very low value or may in fact be worthless. In this case, investors run the risk 
of losing all of their capital used to purchase the Products.  
Investors should consider that any fluctuations in the price of the Underlying(s) after the final 
fixing date of the price of the Underlying(s) in accordance with the terms of the Products will be 
borne by them until the respective actual delivery. Losses in the value of the Underlying(s) to 
be delivered may occur after the final fixing date and are to be borne by Investors. This means 
that the actual gain or loss can only be determined after delivery of the Underlying(s). 
If an Underlying to be delivered is a registered share, Investors should consider that the rights 
associated with the shares (e.g., participation in the general meeting, exercise of voting rights, 
etc.) can generally only be exercised by shareholders who are registered in the share register 
or a comparable official list of shareholders of the company. The obligation of the Issuer to 
deliver shares is limited to provision of the shares effected with the characteristics and in the 
form that allow delivery via an exchange and does not cover registration in the share register 
or list of shareholders. Any claims due to non-fulfilment, in particular rescission or damage 
claims, are excluded in such cases. 
Further, if delivery of the Underlying, for whatever reason, is economically or actually impeded 
or not possible, the Issuer shall have the right to pay a compensation amount in lieu of delivery 
of the Underlying. 
(m) 
There are risks where the Products have an 'autocall' feature

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
Where the General Conditions of the Products include an 'autocall' feature it should be noted 
that the level of the Redemption Amount and the time for redemption of the Products depend 
on whether an Autocall Event specified in the General Conditions of the Products has occurred 
on an Autocall Observation Date. If such event occurs, the term of the Products ends early and 
the Products are redeemed early in accordance with the General Conditions of the Products. 
In the case of such early redemption, the future price performance of the Underlying(s) is 
irrelevant to the Investor. 
(n) 
There are risks where the Products have a 'capital protection at maturity' feature 
For Products which offer a capital protection at maturity date, the Investor may, however, lose 
part or all of the initially invested amount if the Products are sold by the Investor before the 
maturity date (since the value of the Products during their lifetime may be lower than the amount 
of the capital protection due to market fluctuations). 
2.4. 
Risks associated with Products linked to one or more Underlyings 
(a) 
General 
(i) 
Investors have no claim against or interest in any Underlying(s) 
The Issuer has no obligation to hold the Underlying(s). Investors will not have any legal 
or beneficial rights of ownership in the Underlying(s). For example, where the 
Underlying(s) is a share, Investors will have no voting rights, no rights to receive 
dividends or other distributions or any other rights with respect to the Underlying(s). In 
addition, Investors will have no claim against any share issuer, index sponsor, fund 
issuer, fund sponsor or any other third party in relation to an Underlying(s); such parties 
have no obligation to act in Investors' interests. Accordingly, Investors in the Products 
may receive a lower return on the Products than they would have received had they 
invested directly in the Underlying(s). 
(ii) 
The value of and return on the Products will depend on the performance of the 
Underlying(s), but such performance is not possible to predict and the economic 
relationship between the value of and return on the Products will depend on the 
performance of the Underlying(s) may not be clear and may change over time and be 
affected by other matters 
The calculation of the redemption amount payable or, in the case of Products with 
redemption by delivery of the relevant Underlying(s), the number of the Underlyings to 
be delivered at maturity and, if and to the extent that the Products have a variable 
interest rate, the coupon amounts, may depend on the performance of one or more 
Underlying(s) during the term. This means that there is a connection between the 
economic value of the Products and the economic value of the Underlying(s) to which 
the Product is linked.  
However, investors should be aware that there may not be a direct relationship 
between the market value of the Products and the current price of the relevant 
Underlying(s) since the market value of the Products may also be affected by factors 
other than the current price of the relevant Underlying(s), such as volatility of such 
Underlying(s), dividend payments or movements in the general interest rates etc. 
Therefore, positive changes in the price of the relevant Underlying(s) do not necessarily 
lead to a change in the market value of the Product which is positive for the Investor. 
A depreciation of the Product moreover may even occur if the relevant price of the 
relevant Underlying(s) remains constant. Investors should note that changes in the 
price of the relevant Underlying(s) (or even a situation where an expected price change 
does not occur) can reduce the value of the Products to a disproportionately high extent 
and even render them worthless, unless the Products provide for payment of a 
scheduled minimum redemption amount (or for partial redemption amounts). In 
particular, Investors should not assume that the price of the Products will recover in 
time in view of the limited life of the Products. 
Depending on the performance of the Underlying(s) and the Product, Investors may 
lose some of their investment. 
(b) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are shares 
(i) 
Variable unpredictable factors may affect the performance of shares

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
The performance of the relevant share cannot be predicted and is determined by 
macroeconomic factors, for example interest and price levels on the capital markets, 
currency developments, political factors as well as company-specific factors such as 
earnings position, market position, risk situation, shareholder structure and distribution 
policy. Any one or a combination of such factors could adversely affect the performance 
of the Underlying(s) which, in turn, would have an adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Products. 
(ii) 
Investors will not be able to participate in dividends or other distribution on the shares 
Investors in Products linked to shares will not have any voting rights or rights to 
dividends or interest payments or other distributions or other rights relating to the share. 
Therefore, the return on the Products may be lower than holding such Underlying(s) 
directly. 
(iii) 
Actions by the issuer of a share may negatively affect the Products 
The issuer of common shares of a company will not have participated in the offering 
and issuance of the Products and none of the Issuer or the Dealer will have made any 
investigation or enquiry in relation to the share issuer for the purposes of the Products. 
Therefore, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the Issue Date 
of the Products that would affect the trading price of the relevant share(s) will have 
been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of 
or failure to disclose material future events concerning the share issuer could affect the 
trading price of the share and therefore the price of the Products. Also, investors should 
be aware that the issuer of any common shares may or may not take actions in respect 
of common shares without regard to the interests of investors in Products and any of 
these actions could have a negative effect on the value of and return on the Products.  
(c) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are participation 
certificates  
(i) 
Variable unpredictable factors may affect the performance of participation certificates 
The performance of the relevant participation certificate cannot be predicted and is 
determined by macroeconomic factors, for example interest and price levels on the 
capital markets, currency developments, political factors as well as company-specific 
factors such as earnings position, market position, risk situation and distribution policy. 
Any one or a combination of such factors could adversely affect the performance of the 
Underlying(s) which, in turn, would have an adverse effect on the value of and return 
on the Products. 
(ii) 
Investors will not be able to participate in distributions on the participation certificates 
Investors in Products linked to participation certificates will not have any rights to 
distributions or other rights relating to the participation certificate. Therefore, the return 
on the Products may be lower than holding such Underlying(s) directly. 
(iii) 
Actions by the issuer of the participation certificate may negatively affect the Products 
The issuer of participation certificate will not have participated in the offering and 
issuance of the Products and none of the Issuer or the Dealer will have made any 
investigation or enquiry in relation to the participation certificate issuer for the purposes 
of the Products. Therefore, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to 
the issue date of the Products that would affect the trading price of the relevant 
participation certificate(s) will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of 
any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events 
concerning the participation certificate issuer could affect the trading price of the 
participation certificate and therefore the trading price of the Products. Also, investors 
should be aware that the issuer of any participation certificate may or may not take 
actions in respect of participation certificate without regard to the interests of investors 
in Products and any of these actions could have a negative effect on the value of and 
return on the Products. 
(d) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are depositary receipts 
Products linked to securities representing shares or depositary receipts ("Depositary 
Receipts") may carry additional risks compared to Products linked to shares.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
Each Depositary Receipt represents one or more underlying shares or a fraction of the security 
of a non-domestic stock corporation. The legal owner of the underlying shares is, for both types 
of Depositary Receipts, the depositary, which is also the issuing agent of the Depositary 
Receipts. Depending on the jurisdiction under which the Depositary Receipts have been issued 
and under which the depositary agreement is governed, it cannot be ruled out that the 
jurisdiction will not accept the holder of the Depositary Receipts as the actual beneficial owner 
of the underlying shares. In particular in the event that the depositary becomes insolvent or is 
subject to foreclosure, it is possible that a restraint on disposal of the underlying shares of the 
Depositary Receipts will be imposed or that such shares will be disposed of in the context of a 
foreclosure against the depositary. In this case, the holder of the Depositary Receipts will lose 
the rights over the underlying shares which are certified in the Depositary Receipt. The 
Depositary Receipt as the underlying of the Products and therefore the Products relating to 
such Depositary Receipt will become worthless. 
In such a scenario the Investor is exposed to the risk of the value of the redemption of such 
Products being less than the capital invested for the Product (including related transaction 
costs) or zero.  
Any fees and costs that the custodian bank – generally having its registered office in the home 
country of the issuer of the underlying shares – or the depositary incur can have a negative 
impact on the value of the Depositary Receipts and thus on the value of the Products. 
(e) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are indices 
In the case of Products linked to indices, the redemption amount depends on the performance 
of the index and thus of the components contained in the index. During the term, the market 
value of the Products can, however, also deviate from the performance of the index or 
components contained in the index since other factors such as the correlation, volatilities, 
interest level and (if applicable) the reinvestment of any dividend payments relating to the 
components contained in the index, may have an impact on the performance of the Products.  
In the case of a 'price index' as an underlying, investors should note that dividend payments 
are in principle not taken into account (whereas in the case of a 'performance index' the 
calculation of such index takes into account all dividend payments). Therefore, investors should 
note that they will not participate in any dividend payments with regard to the components 
contained in the underlying.  
Investors should note that the index sponsor or the person responsible for the composition of 
the Index as well as the Issuer may be subject to new regulatory requirements with regard to 
the publication and the use of an index during the term of the Products which may require an 
admission or a registration of the respective index and an index modification in order to comply 
with the statutory provisions. Therefore, it cannot be excluded that an index will be modified, 
cancelled or may no longer be used. In each of these cases the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent is entitled to make adjustments pursuant to the General Conditions of the Products and 
to make determinations with respect to the price of the index in its discretion in order to calculate 
the amount owed at the end of the term of the Product and/or after an exercise or in the case 
of a termination of the Products. 
The index sponsor may, in its reasonable discretion, either (i) on a regular basis and, as the 
case may be, on non-predetermined dates or (ii) upon the occurrence of extraordinary events, 
remove or replace or add new components to such an Index or make other changes to the 
methodology. A new component may perform significantly better or worse than the replaced 
component, which in turn may affect the payments to be made by the Issuer to the Investor. 
The index sponsor or the person responsible for the composition of the Index may also change, 
discontinue or suspend the calculation or distribution of the Index and there can be no 
assurance that such decisions will be beneficial to the performance of the Index. The index 
sponsor of an Index may take any action in relation to the Index without regard to the interests 
of the Investor and any such action may adversely affect the market value of the Products. 
The rules of the Index may provide, where applicable, that an Index fee shall be charged by the 
index sponsor or by the Index calculation agent or by the person responsible for the composition 
of the Index which reduces the level of the Index. This will particularly be the case if there is a 
discretion of the index sponsor or the index calculation agent or the person responsible for the 
composition of the index regarding the selection of the index components. Accordingly, there 
is a risk that the Index does not reflect the performance of the Index components or does so

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
only partially. In the case of indices whose start date is close to or shortly before the Initial 
Fixing Date or the Fixing Period of the Products, historical information on the performance of 
the Index is missing or is only available to a limited extent. 
(f) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are futures contracts 
There is generally a close correlation between the price movement of an underlying for the 
relevant futures contract on a spot market and on the corresponding futures market. However, 
futures contracts are generally traded at a premium or discount compared with the spot price 
of the underlying of the futures contract. This difference between the spot and futures prices, 
called the 'basis' in futures exchange terminology, on the one hand is the result of taking into 
account the costs customarily arising in connection with spot transactions (warehousing, 
delivery, insurance, etc.) and/or the income customarily arising in connection with spot 
transactions (interest, dividends, etc.), and on the other hand the different methods used to 
evaluate general market factors affecting the spot and the futures market. Furthermore, 
depending on the relevant underlying, there can be significant differences in the liquidity of the 
spot and respective futures market. 
As the Products are linked to the market price of the futures contracts specified in the Final 
Terms, investors should understand how futures transactions work and are valued in addition 
to knowing about the market in the underlying of the relevant futures contract to be able to 
properly assess the risks inherent in purchasing the Products. 
Since futures contracts as an Underlying of the Products may have a fixed expiry date, where 
the relevant futures contract expires prior to the maturity of the Product, the futures contract will 
be replaced upon expiration (at the time specified in the Final Terms), with a futures contract 
that has the same contract specifications as that futures contract except for the expiry date 
which is more distant than that of the current futures contract (referred to as "roll-over"). Roll-
over can affect the investment value of the Underlying in a number of ways, including: 
(i) 
The investment in futures contracts may be increased or decreased through roll-
over: Where the price of a near-dated futures contract is greater than the price of the 
longer-dated futures contract (in such case the futures contract is said to be in 
"backwardation"), then the roll-over from the former to the latter will result in exposure 
to a greater number of the longer-dated futures contract being taken. Therefore, any 
loss or gain on the new positions for a given movement in the prices of the future 
contract will be greater than if one had synthetically held the same number of futures 
contracts as before the "roll". Conversely, where the price of the near-dated futures 
contract is lower than the price of the longer-dated futures contract (in such case the 
futures contract is said to be in "contango"), then the roll-over will result in exposure to 
a smaller number of the longer-dated futures contract being taken. Therefore, any gain 
or loss on the new positions for a given movement in the prices of the futures contract 
will be less than if one had synthetically held the same number of futures contracts as 
before the "roll". 
(ii) 
Where a futures contract is in contango (or, alternatively, backwardation) such 
may be expected to (though it may not) have a negative (or, alternatively, 
positive) effect over time: Where a futures contract is in "contango", then the price of 
the longer-dated futures contract will generally be expected to (but may not) decrease 
over time as it nears expiry. In such event, the roll-over is generally expected to have 
a negative effect on an investment in the futures contract. Where a futures contract is 
in "backwardation", then the price of the longer-dated futures contract will generally be 
expected to (but may not) increase over time as it nears expiry. In such event, the 
investment in the relevant futures contract can generally be expected to be positively 
affected.  
In the case of Products which are linked to an Underlying which is a futures contract, the futures 
contract will be changed without liquidating or entering into any positions in the commodity 
contracts. Accordingly, the effects of the roll-over described above do not apply directly to the 
Underlying and the Products. As a result, an Investor in such Products will not participate 
directly in possible effects of the roll-over. However, other market participants may act in 
accordance with the mechanism of the roll-over and such behaviour may have an indirect 
adverse impact on the value of the Reference Asset for the Products. 
(g) 
Risk associated with whole-day trading of currencies and commodities

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
If any amounts due under the Products are determined on the basis of currencies or 
commodities, investors should consider that those are traded 24 hours a day as a result of the 
time zones of Australia, Asia, Europe and United States of America. For this reason it is possible 
that an event that is material in accordance with the General Conditions of the Products or a 
factor relevant for the determination of any right granted by the Product may occur or be 
determined outside the business hours of the place where the Products are offered and/or 
traded. 
(h) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are currency exchange 
rates 
Currency exchange rates indicate the relationship between one particular currency and another 
currency. For example the exchange rate 'EUR/USD 1.11823' indicates that USD 1.11823 has 
to be paid to purchase one euro. An increase in this currency exchange rate therefore means 
an increase in the value of the euro against the US dollar. The currency exchange rate 
'USD/EUR 0.89416', on the other hand, indicates that EUR 0.89416 has to be paid to purchase 
one US dollar. An increase in this currency exchange rate therefore means an increase in the 
value of the US dollar against the euro. 
A country's currency may appreciate, for example, as a result of an increase in a country's key 
interest rate, demand for such country's government bonds normally rises. Conversely, a 
country's currency may depreciate if the key interest rate falls. Generally, exchange rates are 
determined by supply and demand for currencies on the international money markets which 
are, among other things, subject to economic factors, speculation and actions taken by 
governments and central banks (e.g., exchange controls or restrictions). 
Currency exchange rates are influenced by a wide variety of factors, including inflation rates in 
the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic 
forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility and the safety of making financial 
investments in the currency concerned. Apart from these assessable factors there may be 
factors that are almost impossible to predict, for instance factors of a psychological nature such 
as a loss of faith in the political leadership of a country, which can also have a major impact on 
the value of the currency concerned. 
(i) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are commodities 
The price risks involved in commodities are often complex. Commodity prices are more volatile 
than other investment categories and, in particular, commodity markets are less liquid than 
bond, currency or stock markets. This means that changes in the supply and demand have a 
larger impact on prices and volatility, making commodities investments riskier and more 
complex than other investments. 
The factors that influence commodity prices are both numerous and complex. The following are 
examples of some typical factors affecting commodities prices. 
(i) 
The planning and management of commodities supplies are very time-consuming. This 
means that the scope for action on the supply side is limited and it is not always 
possible to adjust production swiftly to take account of demand. Demand can also vary 
on a regional basis. Transport costs for commodities in regions where these are 
needed also affect their prices. The fact that some commodities take a cyclical pattern, 
such as agricultural products which are only produced at certain times of the year, can 
also result in major price fluctuations. 
(ii) 
Direct investments in commodities involve costs related to storage, insurance and tax. 
Moreover, no interest or dividends are paid on commodities. The total returns from 
commodities investments are therefore influenced by these factors. 
(iii) 
Not all commodities markets are liquid and able to quickly and adequately react to 
changes in supply and demand. The fact that there are only a few market participants 
on the commodities markets means that speculative investments can have negative 
consequences and may distort prices. 
(iv) 
Unfavourable weather conditions can influence the supply of certain commodities for 
the entire year. This kind of supply crisis can lead to severe and unpredictable price 
fluctuations. Diseases and epidemics can also influence the prices for agricultural 
commodities.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
(v) 
Commodities are often produced in emerging market countries, with demand coming 
principally from industrialised nations. However, the political and economic situation of 
emerging markets is often far less stable than in industrialised nations. They are 
generally much more susceptible to the risks of rapid political change and economic 
setbacks. Political crises can affect investor confidence, which can as a consequence 
influence commodity prices. Armed conflicts can also have impact on the supply and 
demand for certain commodities. It is also possible for industrialised nations to impose 
embargos on imports and exports of goods and services. This can directly and 
indirectly impact commodity prices. Furthermore, numerous commodity producers 
have joined forces to establish organisations or cartels in order to regulate supply and 
influence prices. 
(vi) 
Changes in tax rates and customs duties may have a positive or a negative impact on 
the profitability margins for commodities producers. If these costs are passed on to 
buyers, these changes will affect the prices of the relevant commodities. 
Additionally, the legal and regulatory regime in relation to commodities is subject to 
change in ways that could affect the Issuer's obligations in respect of any underlying or 
hedging transactions in relation to the Products.  
Changes to these legal and regulatory regimes may negatively affect the value of the 
Products. 
Such changes to the legal and regulatory regime in relation to commodities may also 
adversely impact the Issuer's obligations in respect of any underlying or hedging 
transactions in relation to the Products, or may make it unlawful or unfeasible in whole 
or in part for any reason for the Issuer to access commodity markets for the purpose of 
managing commodity market risk. This, in turn, may lead to adjustment to or early 
redemption of the Products. 
In the event that there is an early redemption of the Products, any early redemption 
amount may be less than the initial investment, and could even be zero. Additionally, 
the Investor may not be able to reinvest the early redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate or yield on its Products. 
(j) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are funds 
Factors affecting the performance of the Fund (being either (i) an exchange traded fund ("ETF"), 
which is an open ended or other fund traded on an exchange, or (ii) a fund, in each case that 
tracks or is linked to the performance of a portfolio of assets) may adversely affect the market 
value of, and the return (if any) on, the Products linked to such Fund.  
The performance of a Fund is dependent upon the macroeconomic factors affecting the 
performance of such assets which may include, among other things, interest and price levels 
on the capital markets, commodity prices, currency developments, political factors and, in the 
case of shares, company specific factors, such as earnings position, market position, risk 
situation, shareholder structure and distribution policy. These factors affecting the performance 
of the Fund(s) may adversely affect the market value of, and the return (if any) on, the Products 
linked to such Funds. 
(i) 
Exposure to the risk that the return on the Product does not reflect the return on a direct 
investment in the fund units or ETF shares or the assets included in the portfolio of the 
Fund(s)  
An Investor's return on Products linked to one or more Funds may not reflect the return 
such Investor would realise if he or she actually owned the relevant fund units, ETF 
shares or assets included in the portfolio(s) of the Fund(s). For example, if the portfolio 
of the Fund(s) includes shares or a share index, Investors in the Products linked to 
such Fund will not receive any dividends paid on such shares or the shares included in 
such share index and will not benefit from those dividends unless such Fund takes 
such dividends into account for purposes of calculating the value of such Fund. 
Similarly, Investors in Products linked to Fund(s) will not have any voting rights in the 
shares or other assets that are included in the portfolio(s) of the Fund(s). Accordingly, 
an Investor in Products linked to Fund(s) may receive a lower payment (if any) upon 
redemption of such Products than such Investor would have received, if he or she had

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
directly invested in the fund units, ETF shares or assets included in the portfolio of such 
Fund(s). 
(ii) 
A change in the composition or discontinuance of the Fund(s) could adversely affect 
the market value of, and return (if any) on, Products linked thereto 
In principle, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent have no influence on the composition 
or performance of any Fund or any index that such Fund is intended to replicate. The 
Management Company or the licensor/sponsor, as applicable, of an underlying index 
can add, delete or substitute the assets included in such index, respectively, or make 
methodological changes that could affect the value of such Fund or of such underlying 
index, respectively. The substitution of assets included in the portfolio of a Fund or in 
an underlying index, respectively, may affect the value of such Fund, as a newly added 
asset may perform significantly worse or better than the asset it replaces, which in turn 
may affect the market value of, or payments (or other benefits to be received) under, 
the Products. The Management Company or licensor/sponsor of any underlying index 
may also alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of information on 
such Fund or such underlying index, respectively. The Management Company and 
licensor/sponsor of such underlying index are not involved in the offer and sale of the 
Products and have no obligation to invest therein. The Management Company and 
licensor/sponsor of such underlying index may take any actions in respect of such Fund 
or such underlying index, respectively, without regard to the interests of the Investors 
in Products, and any of these actions could adversely affect the market value of (or 
amount payable under) such Products. In particular, no assurance can be given that 
the performance of a Fund will be identical to the performance of the assets included 
in the portfolio of the Fund(s) or which the Fund intends to replicate, respectively, due 
to many factors. 
(iii) 
Risks in relation to market price 
The market price of interests in the Fund that are traded on an exchange may, due to 
the forces of supply and demand, as well as liquidity and scale of trading spread in the 
secondary market, diverge from their net asset value, i.e., the market price per interest 
in the Fund could be higher or lower than its net asset value, and will fluctuate during 
the trading day. 
The performance of Fund(s) with a portfolio of assets that are concentrated in the 
assets of a particular industry or group of industries could be more volatile than the 
performance of Funds with portfolios of more diverse assets. 
(iv) 
Risks in relation to costs of Funds 
A Fund's performance will be affected by the fees and expenses which it incurs, as 
described in its offering documents. Such fees and expenses may include the 
investment management fees, performance fees and operating expenses typically 
incurred in connection with any direct investment in a Fund. A Fund will assess fees 
and incur costs and expenses regardless of its performance. High levels of trading 
could cause a Fund to incur increased trading costs. Investors of Products linked to 
Fund(s) will be exposed to a pro rata share of the fees and expenses of the relevant 
Fund(s). 
(v) 
Valuation risk in relation to a Fund 
The Calculation Agent will rely on the calculation and publication of the net asset value 
per Fund Unit by the relevant Fund itself (or another entity on its behalf). Any delay, 
suspension or inaccuracy in the calculation and publication of the net asset value per 
Fund Unit will impact on the calculation of the return on the Products. The value of and 
return on the Products may also be reduced if a Fund delays payments in respect of 
fund share redemptions. 
The Fund Units and/or the investments made by a Fund may be valued only by 
administrators, custodians or other service provider of the Fund and may not be verified 
by an independent third party on a regular or timely basis. There is a risk that (i) the 
determinations of the Calculation Agent may not reflect the true value of the Fund Units 
at a specific time which could result in losses or inaccurate pricing and/or (ii) relevant

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
values may not be available on a relevant date which could result in the Fund Units of 
the Fund being determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion. 
(vi) 
Risk that strategies of a Fund may not be successful in achieving its investment 
objective 
No assurance can be given that the investment strategy of a Fund will be successful 
or that the investment objective of such Fund will be achieved, or that any analytical 
model used by the relevant management company will prove to be correct or that any 
assessments of the short-term or long-term prospects, volatility and correlation of the 
types of investments in which such Fund has invested or will invest will prove accurate. 
The analytical models utilised by a management company of a Fund and upon which 
investment decisions are based may be developed from historical analysis of the 
performance or correlation of historical analysis of the performance or correlations of 
certain companies, securities, industries, countries or markets. There can be no 
assurance that the historical performance that is used to determine such analytical 
models will be a good indicator of future performance, and if the future performance of 
a Fund varies significantly, the management company of such Fund may not achieve 
its intended investment performance. 
No assurance can be given that the strategies to be used by a Fund will be successful 
under all or any market conditions. A Fund may utilise financial instruments such as 
derivatives for investment purposes and/or seek to hedge against fluctuations in the 
relative values of the Fund's portfolio positions as a result of changes in exchange 
rates, interest rates, equity prices and levels of yields and prices of other securities. 
Such hedging transactions may not always achieve the intended outcome and can also 
limit potential gains. 
The management of a Fund may have broad discretion over its investment strategy, 
within specified parameters. A Fund could, for example, alter its investment focus within 
a prescribed market. Any shift in strategy could bear adverse consequences to a Fund's 
investment performance. Further, a Fund may have difficulty realising on any strategy 
initiatives that it undertakes. It may not sometimes be clear whether the Fund fulfils the 
investment criteria set out in its investment guidelines. 
(k) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are reference rates 
(including interest rates) 
Reference rates are mainly dependent upon the supply and demand for credit in the money 
market, i.e., the rates of interest paid on investments, determined by the interaction of supply 
of and demand for funds in the money market. The supply and demand in the money market 
on the other hand is dependent upon macroeconomic factors, such as interest and price levels 
on the capital markets, currency developments and political factors, or upon other factors, 
depending on the specific type of reference rate. Such factors affecting the performance of a 
reference rate may adversely affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, Products linked 
thereto. 
In principle, the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) have no influence on 
the determination of the reference rate(s). Reference rates are generally calculated by an 
independent organization or a governmental authority, often based on information provided by 
market participants. The entity publishing an interest rate or reference rate can modify the 
calculation method for determining such reference rate or make other methodological changes 
that could affect the value of the interest rate or reference rate. The calculation or dissemination 
of such reference rate may also be altered, discontinued or suspended. The entity publishing a 
reference rate is not involved in the offer and sale of the Products and has no obligation to 
invest therein. The entity publishing a reference rate may take any actions in respect of such 
reference rate without regard to the interests of the Investors in Products and any of these 
actions could adversely affect the market value of such Products. 
(l) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Derivative Instruments or Fixed Rate 
Instruments (each an "Instrument") 
(i) 
There are risks in relation to each type of Instrument

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
Instruments may be linked to different types of underlying assets, including, but not 
limited to, indices and shares. Risks in relation to each type of underlying asset are 
described in the section entitled "Risks associated with certain types of Underlying". 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of certain events in relation to the Instruments, the 
Instruments may be substituted or the Products may be redeemed early at the non-
scheduled early repayment amount 
In the event that an Instrument is terminated or redeemed early or in the event of 
changes to the terms and conditions of the Instrument, the Instruments may be 
replaced with another instrument or the Products may be redeemed early at the 
unscheduled early redemption amount, which may be zero in the worst case, i.e. the 
Investor may suffer a total loss of the capital invested. 
(m) 
Risks associated with Products linked to Underlying(s) which are emerging markets 
Underlyings  
Investments in so-called emerging markets contain further risk factors in addition to the risks 
normally associated with the investment in the respective underlying. These include the 
unstable economic situation, high inflation, increased currency risks as well as political and 
legal risks. The political and economic structures in emerging markets are sometimes subject 
to considerable transitions and rapid developments and these countries often lack social, 
political and economic stability if compared with more industrialised nations. Of particular 
importance is the increased risk of currency fluctuations. Instability in these countries can also 
be caused by authoritarian governments or military interference in political and economic 
decision making. This also includes anti-constitutional (attempted) regime change, civil unrest 
relating to demands for improved political, economic and social conditions, hostile relations with 
neighbouring countries or conflicts based on ethnic, religious or racial reasons.  
There is also the possibility of restrictions being imposed on foreign investors, expropriation of 
assets, confiscatory taxation, confiscation or nationalisation of foreign bank deposits or other 
assets, the introduction of currency controls or other detrimental developments which may 
adversely affect the success of investments in such countries. Such adverse effects can, under 
certain circumstances, last for long periods of time, i.e., months or years. Each of these adverse 
effects may cause what is known as a market disruption in relation to the Products and one of 
the results of this may be that during this period no prices will be quoted for the Products 
affected by the market disruption.  
The small size and lack of experience on the securities markets in certain countries as well as 
the limited trading volume of securities can cause an underlying to be less liquid and/or 
considerably more volatile than underlyings in more established markets. It is possible that very 
little financial information is available on local issuers, which can make it difficult to assess the 
value of and/or prospects of the underlying.  
In addition, if the underlyings of the Products are quoted in local currency, i.e., not hedged 
against the currency of the Products, there is an increased foreign exchange risk. Experience 
shows that the currency exchange rates in emerging markets are subject to particularly high 
fluctuations. This may result in a considerable negative performance of the Product, even 
though the performance of the underlying during the term of the Product has essentially 
remained unchanged or even risen. This may mean that some or all of the total performance of 
the underlying may be eroded by currency losses and that the performance of the underlying 
even may become negative.  
(n) 
The regulation and reform of certain published rates, indices, and other values or 
"benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on the Products linked to 
such values or benchmarks 
A number of major interest rates, other rates, indices and other published values or benchmarks 
are the subject of national and international regulatory reforms. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on Products linked to any such value or benchmark. 
In this respect, please refer to risk factor 3.6. (Reform and Regulation of “benchmarks”) below.  
(o) 
Risks associated with Products linked to an Underlying(s) denominated in renminbi 
(i) 
Renminbi is subject to the People's Republic of China exchange control policies

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
Renminbi is not freely convertible and is subject to exchange control policies and 
restrictions of the People's Republic of China government. As a result of restrictions 
imposed by the People's Republic of China government on cross-border renminbi fund 
flows, the availability of renminbi outside the People's Republic of China is limited, 
which may adversely affect the liquidity of renminbi outside the People's Republic of 
China, which in turn may adversely affect the market value, and the potential return, of 
Products linked to or denominated in renminbi. 
(ii) 
Risks relating to renminbi exchange rate and interest rate 
If specified in the Final Terms, the Product will be denominated and settled in renminbi 
outside the People's Republic of China. The exchange rate of, and interest rate for, 
renminbi outside the People's Republic of China may be different from the same in the 
People's Republic of China. The value of renminbi against Hong Kong dollar and other 
foreign currencies fluctuates and is affected by changes in the People's Republic of 
China and international political, economic and market conditions and by many other 
factors. There is no guarantee that renminbi will not depreciate and any devaluation of 
renminbi could adversely affect the market value of the Product. In addition, interest 
rates for renminbi in the People's Republic of China government are controlled. The 
People's Republic of China government may further liberalise the regulation of interest 
rates for renminbi in the People's Republic of China which may increase interest rate 
volatility for renminbi outside the People's Republic of China. Any fluctuation in interest 
rates for renminbi outside the People's Republic of China may adversely affect the 
market value, and the potential return, of the Product. 
(iii) 
Risks relating to renminbi payment risk 
If the Settlement Currency or Investment Currency of the Product is renminbi, and FX 
Disruption Event is 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and has occurred and is continuing 
on, a scheduled date of payment, payment may be made in the Specified Currency on 
the postponed payment date if a Specified Currency is chosen in the Final Terms. In 
such case, there may be a delay in payments under the Product and no interest will be 
payable for any such delay. Investors may also suffer a loss in Specified Currency 
terms if renminbi depreciates against the Specified Currency following the occurrence 
of an FX Disruption Event. 
2.5. 
Risks associated with Proprietary Indices as Underlying(s) 
Unless the context otherwise requires, all capitalised terms which are not defined in this Base 
Prospectus will have the meanings given to them in the rules of the Relevant Index (as defined 
below). 
(a) 
Risks relating to Proprietary Indices generally 
(i) 
The Issuer is the sponsor of each Proprietary Index and each Underlying Strategy (if 
any) 
The Issuer (or an affiliate) is the sponsor of each Proprietary Index and each Underlying 
Strategy (if any) (each a "Relevant Index"). Each Relevant Index has been developed, 
owned, calculated and maintained by the Issuer (or an affiliate), and it has the 
responsibility for the composition, calculation and maintenance of such Relevant Index. 
As index sponsor, the Issuer (or an affiliate) may also amend the rules of the Relevant 
Index from time to time, or discontinue it, in its discretion. In its capacity as index 
sponsor, the Issuer (and any applicable affiliate) is under no obligation to take into 
account the interests of an Investor of the Products that references a Proprietary Index. 
Any such determinations made by the Issuer as index sponsor in relation to each 
Relevant Index may have a negative impact on the value of and return on your 
Products. 
(ii) 
The actual weights or quantities of component(s) may vary following each rebalancing 
The actual weight or quantity of each of the components of the Relevant Index may be 
different than the assigned weights or quantities, and therefore the relative contribution 
of each components of the Relevant Index to the level of the Relevant Index may vary 
from time to time, depending on the performance of each of the components relative to 
the other components since such immediately preceding rebalancing. The longer the 
period between each rebalancing, the greater the likelihood that there will be a

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
significant variance between the absolute values of the weights or quantities of the 
components and the Relevant Index may therefore have an exposure to a component 
further below or in greater excess of its assigned weight than it would if the period were 
shorter, which may result in a greater skewing of the absolute nature of the investment 
positions with respect to the components and increase the overall risk profile of the 
Relevant Index. 
(iii) 
Historical levels of a Relevant Index may not be indicative of future performance  
Past performance of a Relevant Index is no guide to future performance. It is impossible 
to predict whether the value of a Relevant Index will rise or fall. The actual performance 
of a Relevant Index in the future may bear little relation to the historical performance of 
a Relevant Index. 
(iv) 
An Investor in Products linked to a Proprietary Index will have no rights in respect of 
any component(s)  
The investment exposure provided by a Relevant Index is synthetic, and a notional 
investment in a Relevant Index does not constitute a purchase or other acquisition or 
assignment of any interest in any component of a Relevant Index (or any sub-
components thereof). Investment in Products linked to a Proprietary Index will therefore 
not make an investor a holder of, or give an investor a direct investment position in, 
any component (or any sub-components thereof). The return on your Products may be 
less than if you held a direct position in a Relevant Index or any component (or any 
sub-components thereof), or a different product linked thereto. 
(v) 
A Relevant Index may have a limited operating history and may perform in 
unanticipated ways 
Each Relevant Index is a relatively new strategy. As limited historical performance data 
may exist with respect to a Relevant Index and/or the components referenced by such 
Relevant Index, any investment in respect of which returns are linked to the 
performance of a Relevant Index or its components may involve greater risk than an 
investment linked to returns generated by an investment strategy with a proven track 
record. While a longer history of actual performance could provide more reliable 
information on which to base an investment decision, the fact that a Relevant Index 
and the relevant components are relatively new would not allow this. There can be no 
guarantee or assurance that a Relevant Index or its components will operate in a 
manner consistent with the data available. 
(vi) 
The index sponsor's hedging activity may affect the level of a Relevant Index 
By executing products linked to a Relevant Index ("Linked Products"), the Issuer will 
have an exposure to such Relevant Index and its components. The Issuer (or an 
affiliate) may take risk positions to hedge this exposure in its sole discretion and in a 
principal capacity. Investors in any Linked Product will not have any rights in respect of 
any of the Issuer's hedge positions, including any shares, futures, options, commodities 
or currencies. The Issuer (or an affiliate) may execute its hedging activity by trading in 
the components of a Relevant Index on or before the related rebalancing day. Such 
trading may have an adverse impact on the level at which a component is rebalanced 
which will result in an adverse impact on the performance of such Relevant Index. The 
Issuer's hedging activity, and hence the size of such impact, will be linked to the amount 
of new and outstanding Linked Products at the relevant time and then-prevailing market 
conditions and may affect the market price of or liquidity in the relevant market of a 
Relevant Index. Additionally, the Issuer may generate revenues if it executes its 
hedging activity at different levels from those used to determine the value of a Relevant 
Index or on a rebalancing of such Relevant Index. Such hedging activity could generate 
significant returns to the Issuer that will not be passed on to investors in Linked 
Products. 
(vii) 
As index sponsor and/or calculation agent of a Relevant Index, the Issuer has the 
authority to make determinations that could materially affect such Relevant Index and 
create conflicts of interest 
As the index sponsor and/or calculation agent of a Relevant Index (or an affiliate 
thereof), the Issuer does not generally exercise any discretion in relation to the

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
operation of such Relevant Index. The Issuer owes no fiduciary duties in respect of 
each Relevant Index. The Issuer may, however, exercise discretion in certain limited 
situations including, but not limited to, those situations described in the relevant Index 
Rules.  
Determinations made by the Issuer as the index sponsor and/or calculation agent of a 
Relevant Index could adversely affect the level of such Relevant Index and the exercise 
by the Issuer of its discretion could present it with a conflict of interest. In making those 
determinations, the index sponsor and/or calculation agent will not be required to, and 
will not, take the interests of any investor in Products linked to the relevant Proprietary 
Index into account or consider the effect its determinations will have on the value of 
such Products. All determinations made by index sponsor and/or calculation agent shall 
be at its sole discretion and shall be conclusive for all purposes and will bind all holders 
of any Products linked to the Proprietary Index. The index sponsor and/or calculation 
agent shall not have any liability for such determinations. 
(viii) 
A Relevant Index may be changed or become unavailable  
The index sponsor may alter the methodology used to calculate a Relevant Index or to 
discontinue publication of the value of a Relevant Index and such event may result in 
a decrease in the value of or return on any Products linked to a Proprietary Index. Any 
changes may be made without regard to the interests of an investor of Products linked 
to a Proprietary Index. 
A permanent cancellation of a Relevant Index or a failure by the index sponsor to 
calculate or announce the value of a Relevant Index may constitute a disruption event 
in respect of, and, therefore, may result in a decrease in the value of or return on any, 
Products linked to a Proprietary Index or result in the termination or early redemption 
of such Products.  
Furthermore, the decisions and policies of the index sponsor concerning the calculation 
of the value of a Relevant Index could affect its value and, therefore, the amount 
payable over the term of Products linked to a Proprietary Index and the market value 
of such Products. The amount payable on Products linked to a Proprietary Index and 
their market value could also be affected if the index sponsor changes these policies. 
2.6. 
Risks relating to Warrants governed by the Separate Warrant Conditions 
(a) 
Risks relating to Reference Item Linked Warrants governed by the Separate Warrant 
Conditions 
Index Linked Warrants and ETF Linked Warrants (the "Reference Item Linked Warrants") 
involve a high degree of risk, which may include, among others, interest rate, foreign exchange 
and time value and political risks. Purchasers should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the 
purchase price of the Warrants. This risk reflects the nature of such a Warrant as an asset 
which, other factors held constant, tends to decline in value over time and which may become 
worthless. 
Reference Item Linked Warrants will represent an investment linked to the economic 
performance of one specified Reference Item (either an index or a share in an exchange traded 
fund) and prospective investors should note that the return (if any) on their investment in such 
Warrants will depend upon the performance of the relevant Reference Item. Furthermore, whilst 
the market value of such Warrants is linked to the relevant Reference Item and will be 
influenced (positively or negatively) by such Reference Item, any change may not be 
comparable and may be disproportionate. It is impossible to predict how the level of the relevant 
Reference Item will vary over time. In contrast to a direct investment in the relevant Reference 
Item, Warrants represent the right to receive payment or delivery, as the case may be, of the 
Cash Settlement Amount, the Share Amount or the Early Cancellation Amount, as the case 
may be, all or some of which and the value of which will be determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Reference Item. 
As the amounts payable and/or deliverable in respect of Reference Item Linked Warrants are 
linked to the performance of the relevant Reference Item, a purchaser of such a Warrant must 
generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the 
value of the relevant Reference Item. Assuming all other factors are held constant, the lower 
the value of such a Warrant and the shorter the remaining term to expiration (in the case of a

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
Warrant), the greater the risk that purchasers of such Warrant will lose all or part of their 
investment. 
Reference Item Linked Warrants are non-principal protected. Investors in Reference Item 
Linked Warrants that are non-principal protected may risk losing their entire investment if the 
value of the relevant Reference Item(s) does not move in the anticipated direction. 
Fluctuations in the value and/or volatility of the relevant Reference Item will affect the value of 
the relevant Warrants. Other factors which may influence the market value of Warrants include 
the creditworthiness of the Issuer, general market sentiment, interest rates, foreign exchange 
rates, time value, potential dividend or interest payments (as applicable) in respect of the 
relevant Reference Item, changes in the method of calculating the relevant Reference Item 
from time to time and market expectations regarding the future performance of the relevant 
Reference Item, its composition and such Warrants. 
The Issuer may issue several issues of Warrants relating to a particular Reference Item. 
(b) 
Risks relating to Index Linked Warrants governed by the Separate Warrant Conditions 
The Issuer may issue Index Linked Warrants where the Cash Settlement Amount is dependent 
upon the level of, or changes in the level of an index. The index may comprise reference 
equities, bonds, other securities, property, currency exchange rate or other assets or bases of 
reference, and may be a well-known and widely published index or indices or an index or indices 
established by the Issuer, an affiliate of the Issuer or another entity which may not be widely 
published or available. An investment in Index Linked Warrants will entail significant risks not 
associated with a debt security. 
Index Linked Warrants may be redeemable by the Issuer by payment of an amount determined 
by reference to the value of the index. 
The level of an index is based on the value of the assets or reference bases notionally 
comprised in such index, although prospective investors should note that the level of the index 
at any time may not include the reinvestment of the yield (if any) on the assets or reference 
bases notionally comprised in the index. Prospective investors should understand that global 
economic, financial and political developments, among other things, may have a material effect 
on the value of the assets or reference bases notionally comprising such index and/or the 
performance of the index. 
Fluctuations in the value of an index and changes in the price or market value or level of the 
assets or reference bases notionally contained in an Index and/or changes in the circumstances 
of the issuers or sponsors of such assets or reference bases, might have an adverse effect on 
the level of an index and affect the value of Warrants. 
Potential investors in Index Linked Warrants should be aware that depending on the terms of 
the Index Linked Warrants (i) they will receive no amount of interest (or other periodic 
payments), (ii) payments may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all 
or a substantial portion of their investment if the value of the index/indices do not move in the 
anticipated direction. 
In addition, the movements in the level of the index may be subject to significant fluctuations 
that may not correlate with changes in economic factors, including changes in interest rates, 
currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or indices 
may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their 
expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the level of an index or result of a formula, 
the greater the effect on yield. 
The components of an index may represent values of only one or a few countries or industries. 
In addition, even where a large number of countries or industries are represented, an unequal 
weighting of those in the index is possible. This means that if a country or industry in the index 
experiences an unfavourable development then such Index may be disproportionately affected 
by it. 
Prospective investors should also note that dividends or periodic payments (if any) paid to 
holders of the assets in an index may not be taken into account in the index or the Warrants. 
Consequently, the return on the Warrants may not reflect any dividends which would be paid 
to investors that had made a direct investment in the assets comprised in the index.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
Consequently, the return on the Warrants may be less than the return from a direct investment 
in the assets comprised in the index. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred 
at any relevant time, such determination may have an effect on the timing of valuation and 
consequently the value of the Warrants and/or may delay settlement in respect of the Warrants. 
Prospective purchasers should review the relevant Separate Warrant Conditions and the 
applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply 
to the Warrants. 
Following the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event in respect of any Index Linked 
Warrants, the Issuer may require the Calculation Agent to determine such adjustment to the 
terms of such Index Linked Warrants as it deems appropriate, which may include without 
limitation, delaying any applicable valuation date(s) or determining the level of the index. Such 
adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Index Linked 
Warrants. In addition, the Issuer may redeem or cancel the Warrants, as applicable, in whole 
following the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event. 
The market price of Index Linked Warrants may be volatile and may depend on the time 
remaining to the exercise date and the volatility of the level of the index. The level of the index 
may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, 
including the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any Warrants comprising the 
index or indices may be traded. 
Decisions or determinations made by the Index Sponsor regarding an Index may have a 
negative impact on the value of the Warrants. This may lead to an Index level differing 
substantially from the one that would have been obtained had the Index Sponsor arrived at 
different decisions or determinations. 
The Issuer shall have no liability to the Warrantholders for any act or failure to act by the Index 
Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Index. 
Changes in the composition of an Index or in some other regard might entail costs or otherwise 
have the effect of lowering the level or value of the Index, and thereby also the value of the 
Warrants. 
Where the composition of an Index is supposed to be published on an internet site (as provided 
for in the Index or the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms) or in other media, such 
publication might not always show the Index's up-to-date composition since updates may be 
posted with a delay. 
(c) 
Risks relating to ETF Linked Warrants governed by the Separate Warrant Conditions 
The Issuer may issue Warrants where on exercise the Issuer's obligation is to either (i) pay a 
Cash Settlement Amount and/or (ii) deliver specified assets (the "Share Amount"), in each 
case which is dependent upon the price or changes in the price of units or shares in an ETF. 
Potential investors in ETF Linked Warrants should be aware that, depending on the terms of 
the ETF Linked Warrants, (i) they will receive no interest (or other periodic payments), (ii) 
payments or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected, and 
(iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment.  
In addition, the movements in the price of units or shares in the ETF may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other 
indices, and the timing of changes in the relevant price of the units or shares in the ETF may 
affect the actual return to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their 
expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the level of an ETF or result of a formula, the 
greater the effect on yield. In addition, the ETF interests may be illiquid and this may adversely 
affect returns (if any) on the Warrants, particularly where physical settlement applies. 
ETF Linked Warrants may be subject to certain disruption provisions or extraordinary event 
provisions. Relevant events may relate to market disruptions, or other extraordinary events in 
relation to the relevant ETF. If the Calculation Agent determines that any such event has 
occurred this may delay valuations under and/or, as the case may be, payments or settlements 
in respect of the Warrants and consequently adversely affect the value of the Warrants. In 
addition certain extraordinary or disruption events may lead to early termination of the Warrants 
which may have an adverse effect on the value of such Warrants. Whether and how such

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
provisions apply to the relevant Warrants can be ascertained by reading the Separate Warrant 
Conditions in conjunction with the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms. 
The disruption provisions may include a Settlement Disruption Event which is an event beyond 
the control of the Issuer as a result of which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
cannot make delivery of the specified assets in respect of physically settled Warrants. Any such 
determination may affect the value of the Warrants and/or may delay settlement in respect of 
the Warrants. 
In the event that a Warrantholder does not deliver a valid Exercise Notice in respect of 
physically settled Warrants as contemplated in the Separate Warrant Conditions), the Issuer 
may, but is not required to, elect to deliver to the relevant Clearance System(s) the aggregate 
Share Amount in respect of such Warrants, to be divided between and delivered to the relevant 
Warrantholders by the relevant Clearance System(s) in accordance with the rules of the 
relevant Clearance System(s) but no assurance is given as to the effect of such rules or other 
Clearance System practices for any such Warrantholders. 
The market price of ETF Linked Warrants may be volatile and may depend on the time 
remaining to the expiration and the volatility of the price of units or shares in the ETF. The price 
of units or shares in an ETF may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in 
one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) (if 
any) on which any units in the ETF may be traded. 
ETF units or shares may be speculative and involve a high degree of risk. The Issuer does not 
give any assurance as to the performance of ETF units or share. Even if the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates may have arrangements with an ETF manager to obtain information required to 
calculate the value of the ETF, it may not have access to the activities of the ETF on a 
continuous basis. 
The underlying ETF may have recourse to leverage, i.e., borrow amounts that represent more 
than 100.00 per cent. of the value of their assets to invest further in assets that involve further 
risks. Accordingly, a small downward movement in the value of ETFs assets may result in a 
significantly larger loss of the fund. 
ETF managers may be eligible to earn incentive compensation. The potential for an ETF 
manager to earn performance based compensation may encourage such ETF manager to trade 
in a more speculative manner than it otherwise would. 
ETF managers do not have any obligations to the Warrantholders, or other role in connection 
with, the Warrants, including any obligation to take the needs of the Warrantholders into 
consideration for any reason. ETF managers are not responsible for, and have not endorsed 
or participated in, the offering, placement, sale, purchase or transfer of the Warrants. The ETF's 
managers are not responsible for, and will not participate in, the determination or calculation of 
the amounts receivable by Warrantholders. 
Changes to the current regulatory environment could affect the investment, operations and 
structure of the underlying ETFs and could adversely affect the performance of the underlying 
ETFs. The underlying ETFs may invest in assets that involve further risks. 
Fees, deductions and charges may be payable before a Warrantholder receives the Share 
Amount deliverable under the Warrants. ETF fees will be deducted from the net asset value of 
the ETF, reducing the value of the ETF units or shares. Accordingly, to the extent that the Share 
Amount deliverable under the Warrants is linked to the net asset value of an ETF, the relevant 
Share amount(s) deliverable to Warrantholders will be less than it would have been absent 
these fees, deductions and charges, but the Issuer or one of its affiliates may be the beneficiary 
of such fees or obtain rebate on such fees from third parties. 
Investing directly or indirectly in ETFs is generally considered to be risky and if, the underlying 
ETF does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Warrants will fall and may in certain 
circumstances be zero. 
Prospective investors should review carefully the prospectus, information memorandum and/or 
offering circular (if any) issued by the relevant ETF prior to purchasing any Warrants. None of 
the Issuer or the Calculation Agent provides any assurance as to the creditworthiness of any 
relevant ETF or any such ETF's administrator, custodian, investment manager or adviser or in 
respect of any prospectus, information memorandum and/or offering circular (if any) issued by 
any relevant ETF.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(d) 
Potential conflicts of interest could arise where a Dealer acts as a Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Separate 
Warrants under the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member 
of an international financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a 
wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a 
Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to 
manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged 
in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable 
by holders during the term and on the maturity of the Separate Warrants or the market price, 
liquidity or value of the Separate Warrants and which could be deemed to be adverse to the 
interests of the holders. 
3. 
Risks relating to regulation of the Products and the financial markets generally  
3.1. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Products may not reflect all the risks 
associated with an investment in those Products  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the 
Products. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Products. 
If the ratings of the Issuer were to be downgraded, this might impair the Issuer's access to 
refinancing sources and/or cause refinancing costs to rise. Negative changes in the rating 
assigned to the Issuer may adversely affect the market price of the Products, may have a 
negative impact on the value of the investment made by an investor and could affect the Issuer’s 
liquidity, competitive position and profitability. Furthermore, the ratings assigned by rating 
agencies at the date of issuance are not indicative of future performance or future 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and do not reflect all the relevant risks factors related to the 
Products.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 21 May 2013 amending Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation") from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, 
unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, 
subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and 
certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status 
of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is 
set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Credit rating agencies including Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and others could seek to rate the 
Products without having been requested to do so by the Issuer and if such unsolicited ratings 
are lower or higher than the comparable ratings assigned to the Products by Moody’s and 
Standard & Poor’s, those unsolicited ratings could have an effect on the market value and/or 
liquidity of the Products. Finally, the ratings assigned by rating agencies may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal or the change of methodology or models at any time. 
3.2. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Products may never be established or may 
be illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his 
Products  
Products may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If 
a market for the Products does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not 
be able to sell their Products easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for 
Products that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
requirements of limited categories of investors. There is a risk that these types of Products 
issued by the Issuer would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. 
3.3. 
Foreign currency Products expose investors to foreign-exchange risk  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Products in the Specified Currency or 
Settlement Currency (as applicable) (the "Settled Currency"). This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Settled Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Settled Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and 
political events over which the Issuer has no control. Therefore, there is a risk that, with respect 
to the foreign currency Products, an appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative 
to the Settled Currency would decrease (1) the equivalent yield on the Products in the Investor's 
Currency, (2) the equivalent value of the principal payable on the Products in the Investor's 
Currency and (3) the equivalent market value of the Products in the Investor's Currency. 
In addition, Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the 
Issuer to make payments in respect of the Products. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
3.4. 
A holder's actual yield on the Products may be reduced from the stated yield by 
transaction costs 
When Products are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction 
fees and commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security.  
For instance, credit institutions as a rule charge their clients for own commissions which are 
either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata commissions depending on the order value. To 
the extent that additional – domestic or foreign – parties are involved in the execution of an 
order, including but not limited to domestic dealers or brokers in foreign markets, holders must 
take into account that they may also be charged for the brokerage fees, commissions and other 
fees and expenses of such parties (third party costs).In addition to such costs directly related 
to the purchase of securities (direct costs), holders must also take into account any follow-up 
costs (such as custody fees).  
There is a risk that these incidental costs may significantly reduce or even exclude the profit 
potential of the Products. 
3.5. 
A holder's effective yield on the Products may be diminished by the tax impact on that 
holder, as the case may be, of its investment in the Products  
Payments of interest on the Products, or profits realised by the holder, as the case may be, 
upon the sale or repayment of the Products, may be subject to taxation in its home jurisdiction 
or in other jurisdictions in which it is required to pay taxes.  
The Products may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not 
obliged to make gross up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest than 
expected and could significantly adversely affect their return on the Products. 
Investors should note that it is possible that the tax regime applicable to the Products may be 
changed in a manner not foreseeable at the time the Products are issued. A risk of changes in 
the tax treatment of the Products exists for all relevant jurisdictions. The level and basis of 
taxation on the Products and on the investor depend on the investors individual circumstances 
and could change at any time and may have an adverse impact on the return received by the 
investor under the Product. 
Any statements made in this Base Prospectus regarding the tax treatment of the Products only 
relate to the purchase of the Products immediately after the issue (primary purchase). Both in 
the case of primary purchase and if an investor purchases the Products later, investors should 
therefore seek advice from a tax advisor about the tax effects in connection with the purchase, 
holding, exercising or the sale of the Products prior to the purchase. Furthermore, it is possible 
that the tax authorities may come to a different conclusion than the Issuer regarding tax

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
treatment when interpreting and applying the relevant tax rules to the investor's investment in 
the Products. Any such tax treatment could have an adverse impact on the return received by 
the investor under the Product. 
3.6. 
Reform and Regulation of "benchmarks" 
Interest rates, reference swap rates and other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" (each 
a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks"), to which the interest on the Products or the 
pay-out under the Warrants may be linked, have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may 
cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted (the “Benchmark Event”). Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and the amount payable 
under the Products. International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds (the "Benchmarks Regulation") which was published in the official journal 
on 29 June 2016 and has applied from 1 January 2018. Among other things, the Benchmark 
Regulation (i) requires Benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) 
prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of Benchmarks managed 
by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the 
Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have a material adverse impact on the 
Products linked to, or referencing, a Benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms 
of the Benchmarks are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing 
or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the  costs of refinancing a Benchmark, costs and risks 
of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with 
any such regulations or requirements.  
 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain Benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a Benchmark; 
(ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the Benchmark and/or (iii) leading 
to the disappearance of the Benchmark.  Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any 
of the abovementioned changes and/or any further changes in the administration or method of 
determining a Benchmark could have an effect on the value of the Products, investors should 
be aware that they face the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and the amount payable under the Products.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national 
reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Products in 
making any investment decision with respect to any Products referencing a Benchmark. 
3.7. 
The General Conditions of the Products contain provisions which may permit their 
modification without the consent of all Noteholders 
The General Conditions of the Products contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders 
to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined 
majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
3.8. 
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted 
by many events 
The market for debt securities issued by banks is influenced by economic and market conditions 
and, to varying degrees, market conditions, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation 
rates in other European and other industrialised countries. There can be no assurance that 
events in Europe or elsewhere will not cause market volatility or that such volatility will not

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
adversely affect the price of Products and/or Warrants or that economic and market conditions 
will not have any other adverse effect.  
3.9. 
Risk related to U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended imposes a 30 per 
cent. withholding tax on amounts attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or "deemed 
paid" under certain financial instruments if certain conditions are met (such instruments, 
“Specified Products” (including “Specified Notes”, “Specified Certificates” or “Specified 
Warrants”, as applicable). If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding is 
required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts so withheld.  
For purposes of withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, commonly 
known as FATCA, Specified Products (are subject to a different grandfathering rule than other 
Products. 
3.10. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to 
sell their Products and may be adversely affected if definitive Products are subsequently 
required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Products which have denominations consisting of a minimum 
Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, 
it is possible that such Products may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such 
a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system would 
not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Products at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts 
to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds 
an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Products in respect of 
such holding (should definitive Products be printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Products at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Products in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Products 
which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
USER’S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
INTRODUCTION 
The purpose of this section (the “User Guide”) is to provide potential investors with a tool to help them 
navigate through the various documents relating to the Products issued by BIL under this Base 
Prospectus. 
DOCUMENTATION 
For each issue of Products under this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be made available 
to investors on an ongoing basis. 
The Base Prospectus 
This document: 
• 
Contains the information relating to the Issuer of the Products and the risk factors; 
• 
Describes the general terms and conditions of the Products; 
• 
Sets out the possible specific characteristics of the Products, the possible payout formulae used 
to calculate the interest and/or redemption amount(s) at maturity and, if applicable, during the 
lifetime of the issue, as well as the underlying reference(s); and 
• 
Details the terms and provisions specific to each type of underlying reference linked Products.  
The Supplement(s) (if any) 
This document is issued for every significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information included in the Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the 
Products and is made available on the website of the Issuer (www.bil.com) and on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
The Final Terms and Separate Warrant Final Terms; Pricing Supplement and Separate Warrant 
Pricing Supplement 
One or these documents is prepared for each specific issue of Products. Each document 
contains: 
• 
The general characteristics of the issue, including but not limited to: the relevant identification 
codes, the currency of the issue and the size of the issue; 
• 
The financial and commercial terms of the issue, including but not limited to, the payout 
formulae, any coupons or interest payable and how such amounts are determined, any 
(automatic) early redemption provisions and related definitions in respect of a specific issue of 
Products or (separate) Warrants, as described in the Base Prospectus and completed by the 
applicable Final Terms (for Products governed by the General Conditions of the Products) or 
the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms (for Warrants governed by the Separate Warrant 
Conditions) or the applicable Pricing supplement (for Exempt Products governed by the 
General Conditions of the Products) or the applicable Separate Warrant Pricing Supplement 
(for Warrants governed by the Separate Warrant Conditions); 
• 
the underlying reference(s) to which the Products are linked; 
• 
the relevant dates, such as the issue date, observation dates, payment dates and the maturity 
date; and

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
• 
If required, a duly completed summary specific to the issue of the Products. 
 
HOW TO NAVIGATE THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
All Products issued under this Base Prospectus rely on many generic sections detailed below, but 
depending on the characteristics of the Products, not all sections of the Base Prospectus will be 
relevant to a specific issuance of Products. 
The table below lists the different sections of the Base Prospectus and their applicability to 
each issue: 
 
Sections which are applicable to all Issues 
 
Sections which are applicable to Warrants governed by the Separate Warrant Conditions 
 
Sections which are applicable to all Products governed by the General Conditions of the Products 
 
Sections which are only applicable to certain Products governed by the General Conditions of the 
Products 
 
 
 
 
 GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 RISK FACTORS 
 USER’S GUIDE TO THE PROSPECTUS 
 IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-
EXEMPT OFFERS OR PUBLIC OFFERS OF THE 
PRODUCTS 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
 
1. Sections providing general information on the 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the Products  
 
 
 
 GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE PRODUCTS 
 
2. Setting out the General Conditions of Products 
(with a completed Final Terms/Pricing Supplement 
in accordance with the Form of Final Terms / Form 
of Pricing Supplement) 
 
 
 
 SEPARATE WARRANT CONDITIONS 
 
3. Section detailing the General Conditions, Payout 
Formulae and Underlying Provisions of the 
(Separate) Warrants (with a completed Seaprate 
Warrant Final Terms/Separate Warrant Pricing 
Supplement in accordance with the Form of 
Separate Warrant Final Terms/Form of Separate 
Warrant Pricing Supplement) 
 
 
 
 PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
 
4. Section detailing the different payout formulae 
for Products governed by the General Conditions 
of the Products 
 
 
 
 UNDERLYING SPECIFIC CONDITIONS 
 
5. Section detailing the common Underlying 
Conditions/Provisions for Products governed by 
the General Conditions of the Products 
 
 
 
 PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATE 
(GENUSSSCHEINE) LINKED CONDITIONS 
 INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS 
 DEPOSITARY RECEIPT LINKED CONDITIONS 
 
6. Sections applicable to the Products governed by 
the General Conditions of the Products, depending 
on the Underlying Reference(s). One or more 
sections may apply depending on the Underlying 
Reference(s)

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
 COMMODITY LINKED CONDITIONS 
 CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE LINKED 
CONDITIONS 
 FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED CONDITIONS 
 FIXED RATE INSTRUMENT AND DERIVATIVE 
INSTRUMENT LINKED CONDITIONS 
 ETF LINKED CONDITIONS 
 FUND LINKED CONDITIONS 
 REFERENCE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE 
NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
 
7. Provisions applicable to Products governed by 
the General Conditions of the Products in Global 
Form, depending on whether the Products are SIX 
SIS securities or Euroclear/Clearstream securities 
 
 
 
 OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE 
WARRANTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
 
8. Provisions applicable to Warrants governed by 
the Separate Warrant Conditions while in Global 
Form 
 
 
 
 USE OF PROCEEDS 
 BANQUE INTERNATIONALE À LUXEMBOURG, 
SOCIÉTÉ ANONYME 
 
9. Sections relating to the Issuer 
 
 
 
 FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
10. The form of Final Terms for all Products 
governed by the General Conditions of the 
Products 
 
 
 
 FORM OF SEPARATE WARRANT FINAL TERMS 
 
11. The form of Final Terms for all (separate) 
Warrants governed by the Separate Warrant 
Conditions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SUMMARY OF THE SEPARATE WARRANTS 
 
12. The completed issue-specific summy for the 
Separate Warrants 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
 
FORM OF SEPARATE WARRANT PRICING 
SUPPLEMENT 
 
 
13. The form of Pricing Supplement for all Products 
governed by the General Conditions of the 
Products 
 
 
14. The form of Pricing Supplement for all Products 
governed by the Separate Warrant Conditions 
 
 TAXATION 
 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
15. Sections providing additional information in 
respect of the Products and/or Warrants 
 
 
 
 
HOW TO READ THE FINAL TERMS / PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1. For Products governed by the General Conditions of the Products with Final Terms 
prepared in accordance with the Form of Final Terms (similar rules apply with respect 
to the Pricing Supplement, mutatis mutandis).

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms are divided in four parts: 
• 
Part A, titled “OPERATIONAL INFORMATION”, which provides specific operation information 
relating to the Products, including the relevant identification codes; 
• 
Part B, titled “CONTRACTUAL TERMS”, which provides the specific contractual terms of the 
Products; 
• 
Part C, titled “OTHER INFORMATION”, which provides other information specific to the 
Products; and 
• 
In the case of Products where an issue specific summary is required, an issue specific 
summary of the products will be appended to the Final Terms. 
Exhaustive information on the characteristics of the Products as set out in Parts A, B and C of the 
applicable Final Terms is available in the Base Prospectus. The following diagram indicates the links 
between the various sections of the applicable Final Terms and the corresponding sections of the Base 
Prospectus. 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FOCUS ON HOW TO INTERPRET THE PAYOUT CONDITIONS IN THE FINAL TERMS 
The examples below aim to provide a guide on how to read the Final Terms, demonstrating how specific 
sections of the Final Terms relate to the relevant items in the Payout Conditions in the Base Prospectus. 
Specifically, these show how selected subsections of the Form of Final Terms could be completed, 
highlighting the key references to the Base Prospectus associated with the examples presented.  
Note that these are indicative examples only and the Final Terms in these cases as such have been 
simplified to focus on some of the key relevant sections to help the understanding of the links between 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
TITLE 
Issuer of the Products 
Information linked to sections of the Base Prospectus 
PART A: OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
Information specific to the Products 
PART B: 
CONTRACTUAL 
TERMS 
Information linked 
to sections of the 
Base Prospectus 
PART C: OTHER 
INFORMATION 
Information specific 
to the Products 
ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY (if required) 
Description of the Products 
Payout Formulae and provisions 
Description of the Underlying(s) 
General Provisions 
Listing, admission to trading and 
rating information 
Distribution and offer information 
Other information relevant to the 
specific product 
1. Sections providing general information 
on the Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the 
Products 
2. Section setting out the General 
Conditions of Products 
4. Section detailing the different payout 
formulae 
5. Section detailing the common Underlying 
Conditions / Provisions 
6. Sections applicable depending on the 
Underlying Reference(s). One or more 
sections may apply depending on the 
Underlying Reference(s) 
7. Provisions applicable, depending on 
whether the Products are SIX SIS securities 
or Euroclear / Clearstream securities 
9. Section relating to the Issuer 
12. Sections providing additional 
information in respect of the Products

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms in respect of the Payout Conditions, thus these should not 
be seen as completed examples of the full Final Terms. 
EXAMPLE 1: FINAL REDEMPTION PRODUCT 
21 
Fixed Redemption Products: 
Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Section in the Base Prospectus: Paragraph 3 of the Payout Conditions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
Coupon Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
Specified Coupon Amount 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate: 
In respect of each Coupon Payment Date 5.25 per 
cent 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[Payment Date 1], [Payment Date 2] and [Payment 
Date 3] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Observation Dates: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Coupon 
Payment Date each of [Observation Date 1], 
[Observation Date 2] and [Observation Date 3] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date and 
the Underlying, the Closing Price on such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
Coupon  Fixing Level of the Underlying is above the 
Coupon Trigger level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Coupon Trigger Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and each Coupon 
Observation Date, 65 per cent of the Initial Fixing 
Level. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Relevant References in the Base Prospectus: 
(a) Coupon Amount 
If ‘Coupon Provisions’ are specified to be ‘Applicable’ in the Final Terms, in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling immediately prior to such 
Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
 
(i) 
If a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date, the 
Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon 
Amount; or  
 
(ii) 
If a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date, 
the Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall zero. 
 
 
where “Specified Coupon Amount” means in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (…): 
 
(a) 
If ‘Coupon Style’ is specified as ‘Specified Conditional Coupon’ in the Final Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount x Coupon Rate 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions 
Not Applicable

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
Relevant References in the Base Prospectus: 
(b) Autocall Amount 
If ‘Autocall Provisions’ are specified to be ‘Not Applicable’ in the Final Terms, the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions 
Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Protection Percentage 
100 per cent 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Relevant References in the Base Prospectus: 
(c) Redemption Amount 
Unless the products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer 
shall redeem each product on the Redemption Date at the Redemption Amount, which shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount x PP 
 
where “PP” or “Protection Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the Final 
Terms (…) 
 
 
EXAMPLE 2: YIELD ENHANCEMENT PRODUCT 
19 
Yield Enhancement Products: 
Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Section in the Base Prospectus: Paragraph 1 of the Payout Conditions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
Yield Enhancement Product Style 
European Barrier 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type 
Cash Settlement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Relevant Sections in the Base Prospectus: Paragraph 1.1 of the Payout Conditions (Yield 
Enhancement Products with European Barrier Payout) and Paragraph 1.1(c)(i) of the Payout 
Conditions (Redemption Amount, European Barrier) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(g) 
Coupon Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Multiple Coupon Sets 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[Payment Date 1], [Payment Date 2], 
[Payment Date 3] and [Payment Date 4] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Conditional Coupon Provisions 
Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon Style: 
Memory Coupon 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
In respect of each Coupon Payment Date 
5.25 per cent 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(C) 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
In respect of the Underlying and the Coupon 
Payment Date each of [Observation Date 
1], [Observation Date 2], [Observation Date 
3] and [Observation Date 4]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(D) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation 
Date and the Underlying, the Closing Price 
on such Coupon Observation Date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(E) 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
Coupon  Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
above the Coupon Trigger level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(F) 
Coupon Trigger Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and each 
Coupon Observation Date, 65 per cent of 
the Initial Fixing Level. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Provisions: 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions: 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Relevant References in the Base Prospectus: 
(a) Coupon Amount 
If ‘Coupon Provisions’ are specified to be ‘Applicable’ in the Final Terms, the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Conditional 
Coupon Amount (if any) (…) 
 
 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If ‘Conditional Coupon Provisions’ are specified to be ‘Applicable’ in the Final Terms, 
in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling 
immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable): 
 
 
 
(A) 
If a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
 
 
 
(B) 
If a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall zero. 
 
 
 
 
where “Specified Coupon Amount” means in respect of a Coupon Payment Date 
(…): 
 
 
 
(b) 
If ‘Coupon Style’ is specified as ‘Memory Coupon’ in the Final Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount x [∑
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑖𝑖
𝑁𝑁
𝑖𝑖=𝑛𝑛+1
 ] 
 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified 
in the Issue Terms and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date 
"i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon 
Payment Date; 
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this 
definition, the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last 
Coupon Payment Date on which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) 
preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, provided that if there are no 
Coupon Payment Dates preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior 
to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" shall be zero.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this 
definition, the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current 
Relevant Coupon Observation Date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(h) 
Autocall Provisions 
Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Autocall Redemption Amount: 
In respect of each Autocall Redemption 
Date, 100 per cent of the Calculation 
Amount 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Autocall Redemption Date(s): 
[Payment Date 1], [Payment Date 2], 
[Payment Date 3] and [Payment Date 4] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Autocall Observation Date(s): 
In respect of the Underlying each of 
[Observation Date 1], [Observation Date 2], 
[Observation Date 3] and [Observation Date 
4] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Observation Period: 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(v) 
Autocall Event: 
Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
above the Autocall Trigger level on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation 
Date and the Underlying, the Closing Price 
on such Autocall Observation Date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, 100 per cent of 
the Initial Fixing Level. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Relevant References in the Base Prospectus: 
(b) Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the 
Autocall Observation Date on which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption 
Amount. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption Provisions 
Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is at or 
below the Barrier Level 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Barrier Level 
In respect of the Underlying, 65 per cent of 
the Initial Fixing Level. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance 
Final Fixing Level divided by the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Lock-In Provisions 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(x) 
Target One Event Provisions 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Relevant References in the Base Prospectus:

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
(c) Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in 
accordance with paragraph (…) below (as applicable): 
 
(i) 
European Barrier 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of 
which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier' in the Final 
Terms. 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable): 
 
 
 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, (…): 
 
 
 
 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Issue Terms, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance 
 
 
 
(B) 
 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount 
 
 
2. For Warrants governed by the Separate Warrant Conditions with Final Terms prepared 
in accordance with the Form of Separate Warrant Final Terms (similar rules apply with 
respect to the Separate Warrant Pricing Supplement, mutatis mutandis). 
 
The applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms are divided in three parts: 
• 
Part A, titled “CONTRACTUAL TERMS”, which provides the specific contractual terms of the 
Warrants; 
• 
Part B, titled “OTHER INFORMATION”, which provides other information specific to the 
Warrants; and 
• 
In the case of Warrants where an issue specific summary is required, an issue specific 
summary of the products will be appended to the Separate Warrant Final Terms. 
Exhaustive information on the characteristics of the Products as set out in Parts A and B of the 
applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms is available in the Base Prospectus. The following diagram 
indicates the links between the various sections of the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms and 
the corresponding sections of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FOCUS ON HOW TO INTERPRET THE PAYOUT IN THE SEPARATE WARRANT FINAL TERMS 
The examples below aim to provide a guide on how to read the Separate Warrant Final Terms, 
demonstrating how specific sections of the Separate Warrant Final Terms relate to the relevant items 
relating to the payout in the Separate Warrant Conditions in the Base Prospectus. Specifically, these 
show how selected subsections of the Form of Separate Warrant Final Terms could be completed, 
highlighting some of the key references to the Base Prospectus associated with the examples 
presented.  
Note that these are indicative examples only and the Final Terms in these cases as such have been 
simplified to focus on the some of the key relevant sections to help the understanding of the links 
between the Base Prospectus and the Separate Warrant Final Terms in respect of the payout conditions 
of the Separate Warrants, thus these should not be seen as completed examples of the  full Final Terms. 
EXAMPLE 1: CALL WARRANT 
A 
ISSUE DETAILS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5. 
Call: 
The Warrants are Call Warrants 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6 
Warrant Style: 
The Warrants are European Style Warrants 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
B 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE TYPE OF SEPARATE WARRANTS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 
Cash Settlement Provisions in 
relation to Index Linked Warrants 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. 
Cash Settlement Provisions in 
relation to ETF Linked Warrants 
Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Exchange Traded Fund: 
[Underlying ETF] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Settlement Date: 
Means the 5 Business Day following the 
Valuation Date 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
Initial Valuation Date 
[Initial Valuation Date] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Final Valuation Date 
[Final Valuation Date] 
 
 
 
 
 
3. 
Physical Settlement Provisions in 
relation to ETF Linked Warrants 
Not Applicable 
 
 
 
 
 
APPLICABLE SEPARATE WARRANT FINAL TERMS 
TITLE 
Issuer of the Warrants 
Information linked to sections of the Base Prospectus
PART A: 
CONTRACTUAL 
TERMS 
Information 
linked to sections 
of the Base
PART B: OTHER 
INFORMATION 
Information 
specific to the 
(Separate) 
Warrants 
ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY (if required) 
Description of the Warrants 
Payout Formulae and 
Description of the 
General Provisions 
Listing, admission to trading 
and rating information 
Distribution and Offer 
Information 
Other information relevant to 
the specific Warrants 
1. Sections providing general 
information on the Base Prospectus, 
the Issuer and the Warrants 
3. Section detailing the General 
Conditions, Payout Formulae and 
Underlying Provisions of the 
(Separate) Warrants
8. Provisions applicable to Warrants 
governed by the Separate Warrant 
Conditions while in Global Form 
9. Section relating to the Issuer 
12. Sections providing additional 
information in respect of the Products

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
 
 
Relevant References in the Base Prospectus: 
(ii) ETF Linked Warrants 
For each Warrant that is designated in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms as relating 
to an exchange traded fund share or unit (an "ETF Linked Warrant") and where Cash Settlement 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay 
the Cash Settlement Amount less any Warrantholder Expenses (as defined in Condition 
4.1(a)(ii)) which the Issuer is authorised to deduct, in accordance with Condition 11 on the 
Settlement Date specified in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms. 
The "Cash Settlement Amount" in respect of: 
 
(x) 
each Warrant designated in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms as a Call ETF 
Linked Warrant is an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
1
Price
 
Closing
Price
 
Final
−
 
 
 
(ii) 
provided that, (…), the Cash Settlement Amount shall not be less than zero. 
Where 
"Closing Price" means the official closing price of the ETF Share quoted on the 
Exchange on the Initial Valuation Date as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Final Price" means the official closing price of the ETF Share quoted on the 
Exchange on the Final Valuation Date as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OR PUBLIC 
OFFERS OF PRODUCTS  
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers or Public Offers of Products in relevant EU Member States 
Certain Tranches of Products with a denomination or total consideration of less than €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption 
from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred 
to as a "Non-exempt Offer" or “Public Offer”. This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis 
that permits Non-exempt Offers or Public Offers of Products in each EU Member State in relation to 
which the Issuer has given its consent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Separate Warrant 
Final Terms (each specified Member State a "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction" or “Public Offer 
Jurisdiction” and together the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions" or “Public Offer Jurisdictions”). 
Any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer of Products on the basis 
of this Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
as provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation" below 
and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer of such Products, the Issuer accepts 
responsibility, in each of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions or Public Offer Jurisdictions, for the content 
of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") who purchases any Products in a Non-
exempt Offer or Public Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that 
offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms or Separate Warrant Final 
Terms, as applicable, and provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of 
this Base Prospectus are complied with. The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under 
"Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" below. 
None of the Issuer or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an 
Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or 
securities law requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer and none of the Issuer 
or any Dealer has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither the Issuer nor, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Dealer has authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer by 
any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in 
connection with any Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer of Products. Any Non-exempt Offer or Public 
Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons 
making any such unauthorised offer. If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer or a Public Offer, an 
Investor is offered Products by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check 
with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the relevant 
Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any doubt about 
whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take 
legal advice.  
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (a)(ii), (a)(iii) and (b) below are together 
the "Authorised Offerors" and each an "Authorised Offeror". 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Products and subject to the conditions set out below under 
"Common Conditions to Consent": 
Specific consent 
(a) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the 
relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer of 
such Products during the relevant Offer Period stated in the applicable Final Terms or 
Separate Warrant Final Terms, as applicable, by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) stated in the applicable Final Terms or 
Separate Warrant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms or Separate 
Warrant Final Terms;

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final 
Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms and whose name is published on the 
Issuer's website (www.bil.com) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in 
respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer; and 
General consent 
(b) 
if (and only if) Part C of the applicable Final Terms or Part B of the Separate Warrant 
Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable", the Issuer hereby offers to 
grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant 
time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer of Products 
during the relevant Offer Period stated in the applicable Final Terms or Separate 
Warrant Final Terms by any other financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under the applicable legislation 
implementing the MiFID II Directive; and 
(ii) 
it accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Base Prospectus 
by publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in 
square brackets duly completed) (the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Products] 
(the "Products ") described in the Final Terms/Separate Warrant Final Terms dated [insert 
date] (the "Final Terms/Separate Warrant Final Terms") published by […] (the "Issuer"). In 
consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of Base Prospectus (as 
defined in the Final Terms/Separate Warrant Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the 
[Products] in [specify other EU Member State(s)] during the Offer Period and subject to the 
other conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, we hereby accept 
the offer by the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the 
Base Prospectus) and we are using the Base Prospectus accordingly." 
The "Authorised Offeror Terms", being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary 
agrees in connection with using this Base Prospectus, are that the relevant financial 
intermediary: 
(A) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer: 
I. 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, 
all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable 
regulatory bodies (the "Rules") from time to time including, without 
limitation and in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness 
or suitability of any investment in the Products by any person and 
disclosure to any potential Investor; 
II. 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Plan of Distribution" in this 
Base Prospectus which would apply if the relevant financial 
intermediary were a Dealer and comply with the relevant 
manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels 
identified under the "MiFID II product governance" legend set out in 
the applicable Final Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms; 
III. 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any 
kind) received or paid by the relevant financial intermediary in relation 
to the offer or sale of the Products does not violate the Rules and, to 
the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to 
Investors or potential Investors; 
IV. 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in 
connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the 
Products under the Rules; 
V. 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-
corruption and "know your client" Rules (including, without limitation, 
taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, to establish

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
and document the identity of each potential Investor prior to initial 
investment in any Products by the Investor), and will not permit any 
application for Products in circumstances where the financial 
intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the application 
monies; 
VI. 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period 
required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the 
extent permitted by the Rules, make such records available to the 
relevant Dealer, the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer in order to 
enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know your client" Rules 
applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer, as the case may be; 
VII. 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation 
or consent in any jurisdiction; 
VIII. 
immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it 
becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any 
Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and 
comply with such Rules in all respects; 
IX. 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common 
Conditions to Consent" below and any further requirements or other 
Authorised Offeror Terms relevant to the Non-exempt Offer or Public 
Offer as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Separate Warrant 
Final Terms; 
X. 
make available to each potential Investor in the Products this Base 
Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), 
the applicable Final Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms and any 
applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose, 
and not convey or publish any information that is not contained in or 
entirely consistent with this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final 
Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms ; 
XI. 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base 
Prospectus or any other materials provided to such financial 
intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer for the purposes of the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer) in connection with the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer, it will ensure that such 
communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with 
the Rules, (B) states that such financial intermediary has provided 
such communication independently of the Issuer, that such financial 
intermediary is solely responsible for such communication and that 
none of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility 
for such communication and (C) does not, without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the 
legal or publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer or any 
other name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their 
respective groups or any material over which any such entity retains a 
proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the 
relevant Products on the basis set out in this Base Prospectus; 
XII. 
ensure that no holder of Products or potential Investor in Products shall 
become an indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer 
for the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the 
extent that any client obligations are created by the relevant financial 
intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such financial 
intermediary shall perform any such obligations so arising;

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
XIII. 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing relevant 
information (including, without limitation, documents and records 
maintained pursuant to paragraph (VI) above) and such further 
assistance as is reasonably requested upon written request from the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer in each case, as soon as is reasonably 
practicable and, in any event, within any time frame set by any such 
regulator or regulatory process. For this purpose, relevant information 
is information that is available to or can be acquired by the relevant 
financial intermediary: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any 
regulator in relation to the Products, the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer; and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer relating to the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer or another Authorised Offeror including, 
without limitation, complaints as defined in the Rules; and/or 
(iii) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably 
require from time to time in relation to the Products and/or as 
to allow the Issuer or the relevant Dealer fully to comply with 
its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements; 
XIV. 
during the period of the initial offering of the Products: (i) only sell the 
Products at the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Separate Warrant Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the 
relevant Dealer); (ii) only sell the Products for settlement on the Issue 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or Separate Warrant Final 
Terms, as applicable; (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless 
otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or 
remuneration or commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation 
to the offering or sale of the Products (unless otherwise agreed with 
the relevant Dealer); and (v) comply with such other rules of conduct 
as may be reasonably required and specified by the relevant Dealer; 
and 
XV. 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application 
for the Products, or (ii) keep a record of all requests the relevant 
financial intermediary (x) makes for its discretionary management 
clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives from its 
execution-only clients, in each case prior to making any order for the 
Products on their behalf, and in each case maintain the same on its 
files for so long as is required by any applicable Rules; 
(B) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
(in each case on behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, 
employees, agents, affiliates and controlling persons) against any losses, 
liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or demands (including 
reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised thereto and counsel's 
fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation or defence) 
which any of them may incur or which may be made against any of them arising 
out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing 
agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by such financial 
intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by such 
financial intermediary or failure by such financial intermediary to observe any 
of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by such financial 
intermediary of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of 
any information which has not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer 
or the relevant Dealer; and 
(C) 
agrees and accepts that: 
I. 
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary 
formed upon acceptance by the relevant financial intermediary of the

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
Issuer's offer to use this Base Prospectus with its consent in 
connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer (the 
"Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Luxembourg 
law; 
II. 
subject to paragraph (IV) below, the courts have exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Authorised 
Offeror Contract (including any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract) (a "Dispute") and the Issuer and the relevant financial 
intermediary submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Luxembourg 
courts; 
III. 
for the purposes of paragraph (II) above and paragraph (IV) below, the 
relevant financial intermediary waives any objection to the 
Luxembourg courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; and 
IV. 
to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer may, 
in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other 
court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number 
of jurisdictions. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (b) above who meets the 
conditions set out in (b) and the other conditions stated in "Common Conditions 
to Consent" below and who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection 
with a Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer is required, for the duration of the 
relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context 
of the relevant Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in 
paragraph (b) above if Part C of the applicable Final Terms or Part B Separate Warrant Final 
Terms, as applicable, specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
Separate Warrant Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers 
or Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of Products in Luxembourg, Belgium, 
the Netherlands, France, Germany, Austria, Italy and/or Denmark, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The only relevant EU Member States which may, in respect of any Tranche of Products, be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms (if any relevant EU Member 
States are so specified) as indicated in paragraph (i) above, will be Luxembourg, Belgium, the 
Netherlands, France, Germany, Austria, Italy and/or Denmark, and accordingly each Tranche of 
Products may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer or a Public Offer in 
Luxembourg, Belgium, the Netherlands, France, Germany, Austria, Italy and/or Denmark, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms, as applicable, or otherwise in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY PRODUCTS IN A 
NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR PUBLIC OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND 
OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH PRODUCTS TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED 
OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE 
OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING 
ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE 
PRODUCTS CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL 
TERMS/SEPARATE WARRANT FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE 
RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME 
OF SUCH OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER OR, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER 
HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE 
INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they 
authorise, the making of any Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer of Products in circumstances in which 
an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2021, including the reports of the statutory auditors in respect thereof each of which are 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Copies of all documents incorporated by reference 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://www.bil.com/en/bil-group/investor-
relations/Pages/index.aspx) for 10 years from the date of this Prospectus.  
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated 
by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 of the Issuer available at 
https://www.bil.com/Documents/brochures/annual-report-2021-en.pdf, including the 
information set out at the following pages in particular; and 
(b) 
the auditors' report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 of the Issuer available at 
https://www.bil.com/Documents/brochures/annual-report-2020-en.pdf, including the 
information set out at the following pages in particular. 
 
 
Annual Report 
2021 
Annual Report 
2020 
Auditors' Report on the Consolidated Accounts 
44-48 (inclusive) 
49-53 (inclusive) 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 49-50 (inclusive) 
 54-55 (inclusive) 
Consolidated Statement of Income 
51 
56 
Consolidated 
Statement 
of 
Comprehensive 
Income 
52 
57 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
  53-54 (inclusive) 
  58-59 
(inclusive) 
Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 
  55-56 (inclusive) 
  60-61 
(inclusive) 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
  57-162 (inclusive) 
  62-168 
(inclusive) 
Auditors' Reports for the Non-consolidated 
Financial Statements 
  164-168 
(inclusive) 
  173-177 
(inclusive) 
Parent Company Balance Sheet 
  169-170 
(inclusive) 
  178-179 
(inclusive) 
Parent Company Statement of Income 
171 
180 
Parent Company Statement of Comprehensive 
Income 
172 
181 
Parent Company Statement of Changes in Equity   173-174 (inclusive) 
 182-183 
(inclusive) 
Parent Company Cash Flow Statements 
  175-176 
(inclusive) 
  184-185 
(inclusive) 
Notes to the Financial Statements of the Parent 
Company 
 
 177-251 (inclusive) 
 186-265 
(inclusive) 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list 
above is considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than information 
required by the relevant Annexes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for 
an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an 
appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further prospectus which, in respect of any 
subsequent issue of Products to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or (in case of a further prospectus) a prospectus as required by 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Products, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Products.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE PRODUCTS 
The following is the text of the General Conditions of the Products that, together with the applicable 
Payout Conditions and the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions are subject to completion of the 
applicable Final Terms or in the case of Exempt Products only as completed, amended, supplemented 
or varied by the applicable Pricing Supplement, shall be applicable to the Products in definitive form (if 
any) issued in exchange for the Global Product(s) representing each Tranche. Either (i) the full text of 
these General Conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms for the Products or 
(ii) in the case of Exempt Products, these General Conditions as so completed, amended, 
supplemented or varied by the applicable Pricing Supplement, shall be endorsed on such Products 
(other than the Registered Notes) or on the Registered Note Certificates relating to such Registered 
Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these General Conditions will have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. Those definitions will be endorsed 
on the definitive Products or Registered Note Certificates, as the case may be. References in these 
General Conditions to "Products" are to the Products of one Series only, not to all Products that may 
be issued under the Programme. 
In respect of Euroclear/Clearstream Securities (as defined below), an Agency Agreement (as further 
amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the Products (the "Issue Date") (the "Agency 
Agreement") dated 6 July 2022 between Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme (the 
"Issuer") and the other agents named in it, has been entered into in relation to, among others, the 
Products (as defined below). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrars and the transfer agents 
for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" 
(which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent and refer to the SIX SIS Paying Agent, as defined 
below, where applicable), the "Registrars" and  the "Transfer Agents". In respect of SIX SIS 
Securities, an agency agreement (as further amended or supplemented as at each relevant Issue Date 
(the "SIX SIS Agency Agreement") dated 5 November 2020 between the Issuer as paying agent (in 
such capacitythe “SIX SIS Paying Agent”). Any references herein to the Fiscal Agent shall, in respect 
of SIX SIS Securities, be a reference to Leonteq Securities AG.  
The Calculation Agent (the "Calculation Agent") in respect of the Products shall be Leonteq Securities 
AG, Europaallee 39, 8004 Zurich, Switzerland, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement.  
The Productholders, the holders of the interest coupons (the "Coupons") relating to interest bearing 
Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the 
"Talons") (the "Couponholders") and the holders of the receipts for the payment of instalments of 
principal (the "Receipts") relating to Exempt Notes in bearer form of which the principal is payable in 
instalments (the "Receiptholders") are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and the SIX SIS Agency Agreement 
are available for inspection free of charge at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents, the 
Registrar and the Transfer Agents.  
Products issued under the Issuer’s Programme for the issue of Products (the “Programme”) are issued 
in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of 
Products. This Product is one of a Series (of Products issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement. The Products are issued as a Series of notes ("Notes") or certificates ("Certificates") by 
the Issuer and references to “Products” shall be construed as a reference to each Series accordingly. 
Certain Products which are in the form of Certificates may be entitled "Warrants" pursuant to the Payout 
Conditions. Any references to “Warrants” shall be construed as references to the Certificates (as 
defined in these General Conditions). References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes 
of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
Each Tranche of Certificates will be represented on issue by a permanent global certificate (each, a 
“permanent Global Certificate” or “Global Certificate”). 
The final terms for this Product (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Product which complete these general terms and conditions (the 
“General Conditions”), together with the applicable Payout Conditions, the relevant Underlying

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
Specific Conditions (together, the "Conditions") or, if this Product is a Product which is neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
(an "Exempt Product"), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of 
this Product.  
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Product. Any reference in the Conditions to 
"applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to "applicable Pricing Supplement" 
where relevant. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended.  
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these General Conditions have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Payout Conditions, the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions or the applicable Final 
Terms. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
(a) 
Form of Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 
This section applies to the Products cleared by the Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(the Euroclear/Clearstream Securities).  
(i) 
Notes constituting Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 
The Final Terms in respect of the Notes will specify the Specified Denomination in 
which such Notes are issued, the Issue Size, the Issue Price, the Settlement Currency 
and the Calculation Amount. 
The Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes", which expression includes Notes 
that are specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form ("Registered 
Notes") or in bearer form exchangeable for Registered Notes ("Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes") in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown hereon, provided that 
the minimum Specified Denomination shall be EUR 1,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes are issued, the Registered Notes for which they are 
exchangeable shall have the same Specified Denomination as the lowest 
denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered note certificates ("Registered Note 
Certificates") and, save as provided in General Condition 2(c) (Exercise of Options or 
Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes), each Registered Note Certificate 
shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. 
Title to the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer 
shall procure to be kept by the Registrar outside the United Kingdom in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the "Register"). Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of 
any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Registered Note 
Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Registered Note 
Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these General Conditions, "Noteholder" means the bearer of any Bearer Note and 
the Receipts relating to it or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered 
(as the case may be), "holder" (in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means 
the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose name 
a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the 
meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such 
term is not applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
Transactions in the Notes may, if specified in the Final Terms, be subject to a Minimum 
Tradable Lot, in which case such Notes will be transferable only in a nominal amount 
of not less than such Minimum Tradable Lot and in accordance with the Relevant 
Rules. 
(ii) 
Certificates constituting Euroclear/Clearstream Securities 
The Final Terms in respect of the Certificates will specify the Issue Size, the Issue 
Price, the Settlement Currency and the Calculation Amount.  
Certain Certificates may be entitled “Warrants” pursuant to the Payout Conditions. Any 
references to “Warrants” shall be construed as references to the Certificates.  
The Final Terms for Certificates will specify either (a) the number of Certificates being 
issued (in which case the Certificates are “Unit Certificates”) or (b) the Notional 
Amount per Certificate and the Issue Size (in which case the Certificates are “Notional 
Certificates”). All Certificates of a Series shall have the same Calculation Amount. 
The Certificates are issued in bearer form. 
Title to the Certificates shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Certificates shall be 
deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or 
not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any 
writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating such holders. 
In these General Conditions, "Certificateholder" and "holder" mean the bearer of any 
Warrant in case where the relevant Certificates are Warrants. 
Transactions in the Certificates may, if specified in the Final Terms, be subject to a 
Minimum Tradable Lot, in which case such Certificates will be transferable only in a 
nominal amount, in the case of Notional Certificates, or in a number, in the case of Unit 
Certificates, of not less than such Minimum Tradable Lot and in accordance with the 
Relevant Rules. 
(b) 
Form of SIX SIS Securities (all Products) 
This section applies to the Products cleared by SIX SIS Ltd ("SIS") (such Products, “SIX SIS 
Securities”). 
The Final Terms in respect of the SIX SIS Securities will specify the Specified Denomination in 
which such SIX SIS Securities are issued, the Issue Size, the Issue Price, the Settlement 
Currency and the Calculation Amount. 
SIX SIS Securities are issued in the form of a permanent global note (in the case of Notes), a 
permanent global certificate (in the case of Certificates) or a permanent global warrant (in the 
case of Warrants)  governed by  Luxembourg law (each a "SIX SIS Securities Permanent 
Global Security"). 
The SIX SIS Securities Permanent Global Security shall be deposited by the Paying Agent with 
SIS. Once the SIX SIS Securities Permanent Global Security is deposited with SIS, by crediting 
the respective SIX SIS Securities to a securities account (Effektenkonto) of an account holder 
with SIS, intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) (the "Intermediated Securities") pursuant to 
the Swiss Federal Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) of 3 October 2008 
("FISA") are created. Intermediated Securities may only be transferred by way of crediting the 
respective SIX SIS Securities to, and debiting the respective SIX SIS Securities from, a 
securities account (Effektenkonto) held with a custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) pursuant to the 
rules of the FISA. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Investors of SIX SIS Securities shall at any time have the right to 
effect or demand the conversion of the SIX SIS Securities Permanent Global Certificate into, or 
the delivery of, uncertificated securities or certificated securities.  
However, the Paying Agent of the SIX SIS Securities shall have the right to effect the conversion 
of the SIX SIS Securities Permanent Global Certificate into certificated securities if it determines 
this to be necessary or useful. Certificated securities  may be printed in whole but not in part. 
Should the Paying Agent decide to do so, it will provide for the printing of certificated securities 
without cost to the Investors. If printed, the certificated securities shall be executed by affixing 
thereon the facsimile signatures of two authorised officers of the Issuer. Upon delivery of the

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
certificated securities, the SIX SIS Securities Permanent Global Security will immediately be 
cancelled by the Paying Agent and the certificated securities shall be delivered to the Investors 
against cancellation of the Products in the Investors’ securities accounts. 
 
The records of SIS will determine the number of Products held through each participant in SIS. 
The holder and legal owner of SIX SIS Securities constituting Intermediated Securities will be 
the person holding them in a securities account (Effektenkonto) in their own name and for their 
own account with their custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) in accordance with the terms of the FISA 
(and, in respect of SIX SIS Securities, the expression "Investor" as used herein shall be 
construed accordingly). The records of a custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) determine the number 
of SIX SIS Securities held by an Investor and the FISA grants each Investor the right to ask the 
custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) for information about Intermediated Securities that are credited 
to its account.  
In respect of SIX SIS Securities, each Investor shall have a proportionate co-ownership interest 
(Miteigentumsanteil) in the SIX SIS Securities Permanent Global Certificate to the extent of 
such Investor's claim against the Issuer, provided that for so long as the SIX SIS Securities 
Permanent Global Certificate remains deposited with SIS, the co-ownership interest shall be 
suspended and the Products may only be transferred by entry of the transferred Products in a 
securities account of the transferee, as set out in the provisions of the FISA. 
2. 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes, Transfers of Registered Notes, and Transfers 
of SIX SIS Securities  
(a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes: 
Subject as provided in General Condition 2(f) (Closed Periods), Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
may be exchanged for the same nominal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing 
of the relevant Noteholder and upon surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be 
exchanged, together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the 
specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an Exchangeable Bearer 
Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in General Condition 
7(b)(ii)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need not 
be surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes 
of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified 
Denomination. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Registered Note Certificate representing such 
Registered Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such 
Registered Note Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and 
containing the same representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the 
Issuer) duly completed and executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent 
may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Registered Notes 
represented by one Registered Note Certificate, a new Registered Note Certificate shall be 
issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect 
of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. In the case of a 
transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new 
Registered Note Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against 
surrender of the Registered Note Certificate representing the existing holding. 
(c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes:  
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer's or Noteholders' option in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Registered Note 
Certificate, a new Registered Note Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise 
of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial 
exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, 
separate Registered Note Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding 
that have the same terms. New Registered Note Certificates shall only be issued against 
surrender of the existing Registered Note Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. 
(d) 
Delivery of New Registered Note Certificates:

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
Each new Registered Note Certificate to be issued pursuant to General Conditions 2(a), (b) or 
(c) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the request for 
exchange, form of transfer or Exercise Notice (as defined in General Condition 5.3(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of Productholders)) and in each case surrender of the Registered 
Note Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Registered Note Certificate(s) shall be made 
at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom 
delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or 
Registered Note Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such 
delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form 
of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of 
the holder entitled to the new Registered Note Certificate to such address as may be so 
specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent 
(as defined in the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such 
insurance as it may specify. In this General Condition 2(d), "business day" means a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in Luxembourg and in the 
place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may 
be). 
(e) 
Exchange Free of Charge: 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Registered Note Certificates on registration, transfer, 
partial redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other 
governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as 
the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(f) 
Closed Periods: 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an 
Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the 
period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment 
Amount in respect of, that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days before any date on which Notes 
may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to General Condition 5.1 (iii) 
after any such Note has been called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days 
ending on (and including) any Record Date. An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for 
redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) in respect of 
which the Registered Note Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than the relevant 
Record Date. 
(g) 
Transfer of SIX SIS Securities  
SIX SIS Securities constituting Intermediated Securities may solely be transferred or otherwise 
disposed of in accordance with the provisions of the FISA, i.e. by instruction of the Investor to 
their custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) to transfer the Intermediated Securities, as the case may 
be, and crediting the Intermediated Securities to the account of the transferee. 
3. 
Status 
(a) 
Ranking 
The Products, Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Products, 
Receipts and Coupons shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
legislation at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer present and future.  
(b) 
Recognition of the Write-down and Conversion Powers 
Subject to the application of the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 2015 on the failure of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (the “Resolution Law”) and 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund, as amended (the “SRM Regulation”), notwithstanding and to the exclusion 
of any other term of the Products or any other agreements, arrangements, or understanding 
between the Issuer and any holder, by its acquisition of the Product, each holder (which, for the

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
purposes of this clause, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Products) 
acknowledges and accepts that any amount due arising under the Products may be subject to 
the exercise of any write-down or conversion powers in accordance with article 48 of Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended (the “BRRD”) and article 49 of the Resolution Law, and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any write-down or conversion powers by the relevant 
resolution authority, which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or 
some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction or cancellation of all, or a portion, of the amounts due; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the amounts due on the Products into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or 
obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of 
the terms of the Products; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Products; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the provisions of the Products by which the 
Products have no maturity or the amendment of the amount of interest payable 
on the Products, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including 
by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Products, as deemed necessary by the relevant 
resolution authority, to give effect to the exercise of any write-down or conversion 
powers by the relevant resolution authority. 
(c) 
No Security 
The Notes and related Receipts and Coupons are not secured or subject to a guarantee that 
enhances the seniority of the claims of their holders. For that purpose, no security or guarantee 
of whatever kind is, or shall at any time be, provided by the Issuer or any other person securing 
rights of the holders of the Notes or Coupons. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledges 
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no negative pledge provision in these General Conditions. 
4. 
Calculations  
4.1. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms, (a) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded 
to the nearest Sub-Unit of such currency (with half a Sub-Unit being rounded up), save in the 
case of Japanese yen, which shall be rounded to the nearest Japanese yen (with half a Unit 
being rounded up); (b) all values resulting from such calculations shall be rounded to the 
nearest four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded up to 0.0001); (c) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded as specified in the relevant Final Terms. For 
these purposes, "Sub-Unit" means a fraction of the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency. "Unit" means the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the relevant Final Terms specify "Other Rounding Convention" 
is applicable to any relevant amount, percentage or value as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, such amount, percentage or value shall be rounded to the nearest such Specified Sub-
Unit of currency (with halves being rounded up or down) or Decimal Place, as is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
4.2. 
Determination and publication of interest rates, interest amounts and amounts in respect 
of settlement 
As soon as practicable on such date as the relevant Paying Agent or, as applicable, the 
Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or 
make any determination or calculation in respect of or in connection with any Product (other

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
than SIX SIS Securities), such Agent shall determine such rate, obtain any required quotation 
or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the relevant payment 
amount to be notified to the Issuer, each of the Agents, any other agent in respect of the 
Products that is to make a payment, delivery or further calculation or determination upon receipt 
of such information and, if the Products are listed and the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority and the rules thereof so require, to such exchange or relevant authority, as 
soon as possible after their determination. 
In respect of all SIX SIS Securities, in all circumstances the Calculation Agent shall make such 
determinations and calculations in accordance with the standard of duly exercised discretion, 
and (save in the case of manifest or proven error) such determinations and calculations shall 
be final and binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent of the SIX SIS Securities and the Investors. 
4.3. 
Calculation Amount 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions: 
(a) 
in respect of a Product for which a Specified Denomination or a Calculation Amount is 
stated, each calculation of an Entitlement deliverable and residual cash amount in 
respect of such Product hereunder shall be made on the basis of the relevant 
Calculation Amount; and 
(b) 
each calculation of an amount payable in cash in respect of each Product (other than 
definitive Products) shall be based on the aggregate nominal amount or number of all 
such Products outstanding on such date (or the relevant affected portion thereof), 
rounded in accordance with the method provided in General Condition 4.1 (Rounding).  
For the avoidance of doubt, in relation to any amount payable or Entitlement deliverable under 
the Conditions in respect of a Product and which is calculated by reference to a Calculation 
Amount, references to (A) “Product” shall mean a Product having a nominal amount (or face 
value in case of Notional Certificates) equal to the Calculation Amount and (B) an amount 'per 
Calculation Amount', in the case of Unit Certificates, shall mean per Certificate. 
4.4. 
Business Day Convention 
If any date specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention, 
the convention for adjusting such date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day and where in each case the Final Terms specifies Business Day Convention as: 
'Following', such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day; 
'Modified Following', such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
'Nearest', such date shall be brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day 
if the Relevant Date otherwise falls on a day other than a Sunday or a Monday and shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day if the Relevant Date otherwise falls 
on a Sunday or a Monday; 
'Preceding', such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
'Modified Preceding', such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day unless it would fall in the previous calendar month, in which case such date shall 
be postponed to the immediately following Business Day; or 
'No Adjustment' such date shall not be adjusted.  
4.5. 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Product is outstanding. Where more 
than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Products, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing 
its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act 
as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the relevant determination or to 
calculate any relevant amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, 
the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal office or any 
other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent 
may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
5.1. 
Redemption 
(a) 
Partial Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and/or cancelled, each Product in respect of which 
'Partial Redemption' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms (each such Product, a 
"Partial Redemption Product") shall be partially redeemed on each Partial Redemption Date 
upon payment by or on behalf of the Issuer of an amount equal to the Partial Redemption 
Amount corresponding to such Partial Redemption Date. The Calculation Amount of each such 
Product shall be reduced by the Partial Redemption Amount(s) for all purposes with effect from 
the relevant Partial Redemption Date, unless payment of the relevant Partial Redemption 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding 
until the date determined in accordance with General Condition 9 (Prescription). In the case of 
Notes, the Issue Size of the relevant Series shall reduce accordingly and, in the case of 
Certificates (if applicable), the Notional Amount per Certificate shall reduce accordingly and 
such partial redemption of Notes is subject to General Condition 5.1(h). 
(b) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and/or cancelled, each Product shall be redeemed in 
full by the Issuer on the Redemption Date at its Redemption Amount, or, if applicable, by 
delivery of the Entitlement on the Delivery Date (in accordance with General Condition 5.2 
(Settlement by Delivery of the Entitlement)) and the payment of any Residual Cash Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
Subject to General Condition 5.1(h), the Products may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' notice 
to the Productholders in accordance with General Condition 17 (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount, if (i) the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in General Condition 10 as a result 
of any change in the laws or regulations of Luxembourg (or in the official application of such 
laws or regulations) or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax, or any change in the application of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the Issue Date (a "Tax Law Change"), and (ii) such obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no 
such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Products then due. Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this 
paragraph, the Issuer shall make available at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer 
is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
(d) 
Redemption for Illegality 
Subject to General Condition 5.1(h), the Issuer shall have the right to redeem the Products by 
giving notice to the Productholders if it determines in good faith that its performance thereunder 
has become unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance in good faith by the Issuer 
with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative or judicial authority or power ("Applicable Law"). In such 
circumstances, the Issuer will, however, if and to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, cause 
to be paid to each Productholder in respect of each such Product held by it the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The Issuer shall notify the Productholder of the redemption in 
accordance with General Condition 17. 
(e) 
Purchases

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
Subject to General Condition 5.1(h), in addition to Products or Coupons purchased in the 
ordinary course of dealing in securities on behalf of third parties, the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) may at any time purchase Products (provided that all 
unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith) in the open market, by tender, private treaty or otherwise at any price 
in accordance with applicable laws (if any).  
The Products so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
shall not entitle the holder to vote at any meetings of the Productholders and shall not be 
deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of the 
Productholders or for the purposes of General Condition 14(a). Such Products may be reissued 
or resold by the Issuer or its Subsidiaries. 
Any Certificates so purchased will be surrendered for cancellation and may not be reissued or 
resold. 
"Subsidiary" means any company 50 per cent. or more of the equity share capital of which is 
owned directly or indirectly by the Issuer.  
(f) 
Cancellation 
All Products that are redeemed shall be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith) and accordingly 
may not be reissued or resold. 
(g) 
Redemption Due to MREL Disqualification Event (Notes only) 
Upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, subject to General 
Condition 5.1(h), elect to redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their principal amount 
(or at such other amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), together with any 
accrued and unpaid interest (if any) thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption by 
giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 and the Fiscal Agent and 
relevant Paying Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable) at any time within the period of not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 days from the date such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
delay or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders shall not affect the validity and 
enforceability of such redemption.  
(h) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase prior to Final Redemption  
In the case of Notes: 
(i) 
any redemption or purchase of the Notes in accordance with General Conditions 5.1(a), 
5.1(c), 5.1(d) and 5.1(e) is subject to such redemption or purchase being permitted by 
applicable MREL Regulations (and, in particular, in accordance with articles 77 and 
78a of the CRR) and subject to the Issuer obtaining Supervisory Permission therefor, 
if required; and 
(ii) 
prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.1(g), the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent and relevant Paying Agent a certificate signed 
by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the relevant circumstance giving rise to the 
right to redeem is satisfied.  
(i) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below:  
“Banking Law” means the Luxembourg act dated 5 April 1993 on the financial sector, as 
amended.  
"BIL Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries from time to time. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms or such other directive as may come into effect in place thereof, as 
implemented in Luxembourg and as amended or replaced from time to time and including any 
other relevant implementing regulatory provisions. 
"BRRD SNP Directive" means Directive 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments in insolvency hierarchy.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
"Competent Authority" means the European Central Bank or such other or successor 
governmental authority exercising primary bank supervisory authority from time to time, in each 
case with respect to prudential matters in relation to the Issuer and/or the BIL Group. 
"CRD" means any, or any combination of, the CRD Directive, the Banking Law, the CRR, and 
any CRD Implementing Measures. 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time, or such other 
directive as may come into effect in place thereof. 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any rules implementing the CRD Directive or the CRR 
which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or 
implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, 
national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Competent 
Authority, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable 
to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the BIL Group (on a consolidated basis) and which 
prescribe the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer (on a 
standalone basis) or the BIL Group (on a consolidated basis). 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time, or such other regulation as may come into effect in 
place thereof. 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means at any time in respect of a Series of Notes, that all or 
part of the outstanding principal amount of such Series of Notes as the case may be, does not 
fully qualify as MREL Eligible Instruments of the Issuer, except where such non-qualification (i) 
was reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date, (ii) is due solely to the remaining maturity of 
such Series of Notes as the case may be, being less than any period prescribed for by the 
applicable MREL Regulations or (iii) is due to restrictions on the amount of eligible liabilities 
that such Notes, as the case may be, can contribute. 
"MREL Eligible Instrument" means an instrument that is an eligible liability instrument to be 
counted towards the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer in 
accordance with the applicable MREL Regulations. 
"MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies then in effect in Luxembourg giving effect to the “minimum requirement for own funds 
and eligible liabilities” ("MREL") applicable to banking institutions or any successor laws, 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies that may be applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the BIL Group, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the BRRD, 
the BRRD SNP Directive, SRM Resolution and Resolution Law (whether or not such laws, 
regulations, requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they 
are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the BIL Group). 
"Supervisory Permission" means, in relation to any action, such supervisory permission (or, 
as appropriate, waiver) from the Competent Authority and/or the relevant resolution authority 
as is required therefor under applicable MREL Regulations (if any). 
5.2. 
Settlement by Delivery of the Entitlement 
(a) 
Delivery of Entitlement 
The following provisions apply to the delivery of all Entitlements in respect of Products: 
(i) 
The Issuer shall, subject to this General Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase and 
Options), General Condition 4 (Calculations) and General Condition 7 (Payments and 
Talons), on any relevant Delivery Date, deliver (or procure delivery on its behalf) the 
relevant Entitlement in respect of each Product to such account in respect of Cleared 
Products in the relevant Clearing System in accordance with the Relevant Rules and, 
in respect of all other Products, such account as may be notified by the relevant 
Productholder to the Issuer in the relevant Delivery Entitlement Instruction at the risk 
and expense of the relevant Productholder. If a Productholder does not provide the 
Issuer with sufficient instructions in a timely manner to enable the Issuer (directly or 
acting through such person (including any of its affiliates or the relevant Paying Agent)

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
as it may procure) and/or the relevant Clearing System, if applicable, to effect any 
required delivery of the Entitlement, the due date for such delivery shall be postponed 
accordingly. The Issuer and the relevant Clearing System, if applicable, shall determine 
whether any instructions received by it are sufficient and whether they have been 
received in time to enable delivery on any given date. As used in this General Condition 
5.2, "delivery" means, in relation to any Entitlement, the carrying out of the steps 
required of the Issuer (or such person (including any of its affiliates or the relevant 
Paying Agent) as it may procure to make the relevant delivery on its behalf) in order to 
effect the transfer of the relevant Entitlement and "deliver", "delivered" and 
"deliverable" shall be construed accordingly. The Issuer (or such person (including 
any of its affiliates or the relevant Paying Agent) as it may procure to make the relevant 
delivery on its behalf) shall not be responsible for any delay or failure in the delivery of 
any Entitlement once such steps have been carried out, whether resulting from 
settlement periods of clearing systems, acts or omissions of registrars or otherwise and 
neither the Issuer (or such person (including any of its affiliates or the relevant Paying 
Agent) as it may procure to make the relevant delivery on its behalf). 
(ii) 
No Productholder will be entitled to receive dividends declared or paid in respect of any 
Underlying or to any other rights relating to or arising out of any such component of the 
Entitlement if the record date for the relevant dividend or relevant right in respect of 
such components and Entitlement falls before the relevant Delivery Date. 
(iii) 
Delivery of any Entitlement shall be subject to the condition to settlement in General 
Condition 7(j) (Taxes, Settlement Expenses and conditions to settlement). 
(iv) 
The Issuer will endeavour to deliver (or procure delivery on its behalf) the relevant 
Entitlement to the Productholder on the relevant Delivery Date. In the event that a 
Productholder requests that delivery of the Entitlement be made at a location or in a 
method that is different from that specified in the Conditions, the Issuer may (but is not 
obliged to) seek to deliver the Entitlement to such location and/or by such method, 
provided that no additional unreimbursed costs are incurred. The Issuer shall, subject 
as provided below, on the relevant Delivery Date, deliver (or procure delivery on its 
behalf) the transfer documentation relating to the Entitlement (or, in the case of an 
Underlying that is an equity unit, the transfer documentation in respect of such equity 
unit) to or to the order of the Productholder or to such bank or broker as the 
Productholder has specified in the relevant Delivery Entitlement Instruction. 
(v) 
All Entitlements will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Productholder. 
(b) 
Settlement Disruption Event 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of an Entitlement or any portion thereof is (or 
is likely to become) impossible or impracticable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event 
having occurred and continuing on the relevant Delivery Date (the assets constituting such 
Entitlement or portions thereof (the "Affected Assets")), then such Delivery Date shall be 
postponed to the first following Relevant Settlement Day in respect of which there is no such 
Settlement Disruption Event, provided that: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall attempt to deliver (or procure delivery on its behalf) any portion of the 
Entitlement which does not comprise Affected Assets on the originally designated 
Delivery Date; 
(ii) 
the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Product by 
delivering (or procuring delivery on its behalf) some or all of the Affected Assets in such 
manner as it may determine and in such event the relevant Delivery Date shall be such 
day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the Entitlement in 
such other commercially reasonable manner; and 
(iii) 
in respect of any Affected Assets, in lieu of settlement by delivery of the Entitlement 
and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Product by payment by the Issuer (or any person 
(including any of its affiliates or the relevant Paying Agent) as it may procure to make 
the relevant payment on its behalf) to the relevant Productholder of the Settlement 
Disruption Amount on the Settlement Disruption Date.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Productholders that a 
Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and payment of the Settlement Disruption Amount 
will be made, subject to this General Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase and Options), General 
Condition 4 (Calculations) and General Condition 7 (Payments and Talons), in such manner as 
shall be notified. No Productholder shall be entitled to any additional amount in the event of any 
delay in the delivery of the Entitlement or payment of the Settlement Disruption Amount due to 
the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event. No liability in respect thereof shall attach to 
the Issuer, any person (including any of its affiliates or the relevant Paying Agent) as it may 
procure to make the relevant delivery on its behalf, and/or the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
Liability 
Redemption of the Products, payments by the Issuer (or such person (including any of its 
affiliates) as it may procure to make the relevant payments on its behalf) and the relevant 
Paying Agent and any delivery of an Entitlement, in whole or in part, by or on behalf of the 
Issuer and/or the relevant Paying Agent will be subject in all cases to all applicable fiscal and 
other laws, regulations and practices in force at such time (including, without limitation, any 
relevant exchange control laws or regulations and the Relevant Rules) and none of the Issuer, 
any of its affiliates, the relevant Clearing System or the relevant Paying Agent shall incur any 
liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect any payments or deliveries contemplated, after using 
all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations and practices. None of the 
Issuer, any of its affiliates or the relevant Paying Agent shall under any circumstances be liable 
for any acts or defaults of the relevant Clearing System in the performance of their respective 
duties in relation to the Products or, in relation to the delivery of the Entitlement, the acts or 
defaults of any relevant Exchange (as defined in the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions). 
5.3. 
Postponement of payments and settlement 
If the determination of a price or level used to calculate any amount payable or Entitlement 
deliverable on any Payment Date or Delivery Date is delayed or postponed pursuant to the 
Conditions, payment or settlement will occur on the later of (a) the scheduled Payment Date or 
Delivery Date as applicable, or (b) the Specified Number of Business Days following the latest 
Underlying Valuation Date (or such other date on which the determination of a price or level 
used to calculate the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable on the relevant Payment Date 
or Delivery Date is required) to occur, as the case may be. No additional amounts shall be 
payable or Entitlement deliverable by the Issuer because of such postponement. 
6. 
FX Disruption Event or a CNY FX Disruption Event 
6.1. 
FX Disruption Event 
If the Final Terms specifies 'FX Disruption Event' to be 'Applicable', upon the occurrence of an 
FX Disruption Event, the Issuer may take any one or more of the following actions: 
(a) 
deduct from any payments to be made in respect of the Products an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as representing a cost, expense, charge and/or deduction 
arising in connection with such FX Disruption Event or under any other adjustment with 
respect thereto; and/or 
(b) 
make payment of any amount payable by the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions in the 
Specified Currency instead of the Settlement Currency, the amount payable in the 
Specified Currency being determined by the Calculation Agent; and/or 
(c) 
postpone or adjust any Underlying Valuation Date or the relevant Payment Date for 
any amount payable by the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions until, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, an FX Disruption Event is no longer subsisting; and/or 
(d) 
(in the case of a Price Source Disruption) specify and adopt: 
(i) 
an appropriate alternative fallback or alternative price or rate source or method 
of determination selected by the Calculation Agent (which may (or may not) be 
by reference to a Dealer Poll or such other publication page or service as may 
replace the relevant page or service for the purpose of displaying a foreign 
exchange rate comparable or equivalent); or 
(ii) 
a replacement of any one or more relevant currencies, as the case may be; 
and/or

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
(e) 
determine whether any other appropriate adjustment can be made to the Conditions 
and/or any other provisions relating to the Products to account for the economic effect 
of such FX Disruption Event on the Products which would produce a commercially 
reasonable result and preserve substantially the economic effect to the Investors of a 
holding of the relevant Product. If the Calculation Agent determines that an appropriate 
adjustment or adjustments can be made, the Issuer shall determine the effective date 
of such adjustment(s), notify the Investors of such adjustment(s) and take the 
necessary steps to effect such adjustment(s). An Investor will not be charged any costs 
by or on behalf of the Issuer to make such adjustment(s), 
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent determines that no action that could be made 
pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) above would produce a commercially reasonable result and 
preserve substantially the economic effect to the Investors of a holding of the relevant Product, 
the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of such determination. In such event, the Issuer may, 
on giving irrevocable notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Prescription), redeem all of the Products of the relevant Series on the Unscheduled Early 
Redemption Date and pay to each Investor, in respect of each Product held by it, an amount 
equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount on such date (provided that the Issuer 
may also, prior to such redemption of the Products, make any adjustment(s) to the Conditions 
or any other provisions relating to the Products as appropriate in order to (when considered 
together with the redemption of the Products) account for the effect of such FX Disruption Event 
on the Products). 
Upon the occurrence of an FX Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Investors, stating the occurrence of the FX Disruption Event, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
6.2. 
CNY FX Disruption Event 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that 'CNY FX Disruption Event' to be 'Applicable', then the 
Issuer may, on giving not less than five days' and not more than 30 days' irrevocable notice in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Prescription) to Investors prior to the relevant affected 
Payment Date, make payment of any amount payable by the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions 
in the Specified Currency instead of the Settlement Currency, the amount payable in the 
Specified Currency being determined by the Calculation Agent, on the relevant affected 
Payment Date in full and final settlement of its obligations to pay such amounts. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Bearer Notes: 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, 
be made against presentation and surrender of the Notes (in the case of payments of principal 
and, in the case of interest, as specified in General Condition 7(h)(v)) or Coupons (in the case 
of interest, save as specified in General Condition 7(h)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in 
such currency with a Bank.  
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of EUR, 
in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Registered Note Certificates at the specified 
office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the manner provided in 
paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register at the 
close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof (the 
"Record Date"). Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the 
relevant currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first 
named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the Register. Upon 
application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an 
account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
(c) 
Certificates:  
Payments of any amounts due in respect of the Certificates shall be made against presentation 
and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the specified office of the Issuer on the relevant 
date by a cheque payable in the currency in which such payment is due drawn on, or at the 
option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency with, a bank in the 
principal financial centre for that currency; provided that, in the case of payment in Japanese 
yen to a non-resident of Japan, the transfer shall be to a non-resident Japanese yen account 
with an authorised foreign exchange bank.  
(d) 
SIX SIS Securities 
Payments of principal, interest as well as deliveries in respect of SIX SIS Securities shall be 
made, subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations of the relevant Clearing 
System(s), to the relevant Clearing System(s) or to its/their order for credit to the account(s) of 
the relevant Accountholder(s) in accordance with the Relevant Rules. The Issuer and the 
Paying Agent of the SIX SIS Securities shall be discharged by payment or delivery to, or to the 
order of, such Investors. 
(e) 
Payments in the United States (Products (other than Registered Notes) only): 
[Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Products (other than Registered Notes) are denominated 
in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation 
that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Products (other 
than Registered Notes) in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such 
amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.] 
(f) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer and the 
Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such 
laws, regulations, directives or agreements), but without prejudice to the provisions of General 
Condition 8, (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of General Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto and (iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code 
("871(m) Withholding"). In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed 
with respect to any amounts to be paid on the Products, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold 
on any “dividend equivalent” (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the 
highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, 
such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. No commission or expenses shall 
be charged to the Productholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
Payments on the Products that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. 
securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are 
reinvested at a rate of 70%. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the 
holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any 
dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the 
relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account 
of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld.  
(g) 
Appointment of Agents: 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrars, the Transfer Agents and any Calculation 
Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrars, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation 
Agent(s) act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any Productholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at 
any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, any

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered 
Notes in Luxembourg, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, 
(v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two major European cities, and (vi) such 
other agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock exchange on which the 
Products may be listed Notice of any such termination or appointment and of any change in the 
specified office through which any Paying Agent acts will be given in accordance with General 
Condition 17 (Notices). 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Products (other than Registered Notes) denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances 
described in General Condition 7(e) above (Payments in the United States). 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Productholders. 
(h) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons (Notes only): 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes with a fixed rate should be 
surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, 
failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal 
due) shall be deducted from the relevant amount due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such 
missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of 
such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to General 
Condition 9 (Prescription). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note (other than those with a fixed 
rate), unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to 
become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented 
for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made 
only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the interest 
commencement date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation 
(and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Registered Note Certificate 
representing it, as the case may be. 
(vi) 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be 
payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or 
Registered Note Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
(i) 
Talons (Notes only): 
On or after the interest payment date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may 
have become void pursuant to General Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(j) 
Taxes, Settlement Expenses and conditions to settlement 
Payment of principal and/or interest and delivery of any Entitlement shall be subject to 
deduction, or conditional upon payment by the relevant holder(s) of Products, of any applicable 
Taxes and (unless 'Settlement Expenses' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms) 
Settlement Expenses and any other amounts payable as specified in the Conditions. The Issuer

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
shall notify the Productholder(s) of (a) such applicable Taxes, Settlement Expenses and other 
amounts payable and (b) the manner in which such amounts shall be paid by the 
Productholder(s). 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Notes: 
All payments of interest (but not principal) in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons shall be made free and clear of, without withholding or deduction for, or on account 
of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Luxembourg or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been 
received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required ("Additional Amounts"), 
except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt 
or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with Luxembourg other than the 
mere holding of the Note, Receipt or Coupon;s 
(ii) 
Lawful avoidance of withholding: presented (or in respect of which the Registered Note 
Certificate representing it is presented) for payment more than 30 days after the 
Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the holder of it would have 
been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth 
such day assuming that day to have been a “business day” for the purposes of General 
Condition 7(j) (Taxes, Settlement Expenses and conditions to settlement); or 
(iii) 
FATCA and 871(m) withholding: where such withholding or deduction is required (a) 
by an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, 
official 
interpretations 
thereof, 
or 
any 
law 
implementing 
an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, or (b) pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code. 
As used in these General Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon means the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount 
of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of 
the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is 
duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relative Registered 
Note Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all relevant amounts and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to General Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) or any 
amendment or supplement to it and (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all interest 
amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to General Condition 4 (Calculations) or any 
amendment or supplement to it. 
(b) 
Certificates:  
The Issuer will not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer or exercise of any Certificates. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Products, Receipts and Coupons (which 
for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made 
within ten years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Notes

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
Save as provided below, there are no events of default under the Notes which could lead to an 
acceleration of the Notes. 
(i) 
Liquidation: If any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the 
Liquidation (as defined in General Condition 14(c) below) of the Issuer and such order 
is continuing, then any Notes may, unless there has been a resolution to the contrary 
at a Masse Meeting (as defined in General Condition 14(a) below), by written notice 
addressed by the Noteholder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, 
whereupon the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount of such Note together (if 
applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due 
and payable.  
(ii) 
Non-Payment: If default is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in 
respect of the Notes and such default continues for a period of seven days or more 
after the due date then any Noteholder may ask the relevant authorities to institute 
Liquidation or reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement) proceedings in Luxembourg 
(but not elsewhere) in accordance with Part II of the Resolution Law in respect of the 
Issuer (together the "Non-Payment Proceedings"). Although the relevant authorities 
may take into account a request from a Noteholder to institute the Non-Payment 
Proceedings, they are not in any way bound to do so following the receipt of such a 
request or on any other basis. In determining whether to institute any such Non-
Payment Proceedings against the Issuer, the relevant authorities will act solely on the 
basis of their own discretion and in accordance with Luxembourg law. Without prejudice 
to such request from a Noteholder as described in this General Condition 10(a), a 
Noteholder shall not be able to take proceedings for the Liquidation of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Breach of Other Obligations: To the extent permitted by applicable law and by these 
General Conditions, a Noteholder may at its discretion institute such proceedings 
against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or 
provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes (other than any payment obligation of 
the Issuer under or arising from the Notes, including, without limitation, payment of any 
principal or interest); provided always that such Noteholder shall not enforce, and shall 
not be entitled to enforce or otherwise claim, against the Issuer any judgment or other 
award given in such proceedings that requires the payment of money by the Issuer, 
whether by way of damages or otherwise, except by proving in the relevant Non-
Payment Proceedings. 
(iv) 
Waiver: The Noteholders expressly unconditionally and irrevocably waive all rights of 
rescission under article 1184 of the Luxembourg Civil Code and under article 470-21 
of the Luxembourg Company Law (as defined below in General Condition 14(a)) and, 
subject to General Conditions 10(a)(i), 10(a)(ii) and 10(a)(iii)above, of otherwise 
claiming early termination or early repayment of the Notes in case of default by the 
Issuer under any of its obligations under the Notes. 
(b) 
Products (other than Notes) 
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, the holder of any 
Product may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Product is 
immediately repayable, whereupon the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount of such 
Product together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment shall become 
immediately due and payable: 
(i) 
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) or seven 
days (in the case of principal) in the payment on the due date of interest or principal in 
respect of any of the Products; or 
(ii) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer defaults in performance or observance of, or 
compliance with, any of its other obligations in the Products which default is incapable 
of remedy or which, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within 21 days after notice 
of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office by any 
Productholder; or 
(iii) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is 
levied, enforced or sued out on or against all or a material part of the property, assets 
or revenues of the Issuer and is not stayed or discharged within 21 days; or

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
(iv) 
Security Enforced: any present or future mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other 
encumbrance on or over all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the 
Issuer becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of 
possession or the appointment of a receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
person) and such enforcement or step is not stayed or discharged within 21 days; or 
(v) 
Insolvency: the Issuer becomes insolvent within the meaning of Luxembourg law or 
applies for or consents to or suffers the appointment of a liquidator (liquidateur) or 
receiver of the Issuer or of the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking, 
property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or initiates any proceedings under any law 
for a readjustment or deferment of its obligations or any substantial part thereof or 
makes or enters into a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or 
for the benefit of its creditors or an order is made or an effective resolution is passed 
for the dissolution (dissolution) or liquidation (liquidation) of the Issuer or to admit the 
Issuer to a regime of suspension of payments (sursis de paiement); or 
(vi) 
Cessation of Business: the Issuer ceases to carry on business (except for the purpose 
of any amalgamation, merger or other reorganisation under which the continuing or 
successor corporation has assumed all of the assets and business undertakings of the 
Issuer pursuant to General Condition 14(c) (Substitution:) and has expressly and 
effectively assumed the obligations of the Issuer under the Products);  
(vii) 
Cross-Default: (i) any loan or other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer for or 
in respect of moneys borrowed or raised and not being money deposited with the Issuer 
or transferred pursuant to a fiduciary contract within the meaning of the law of 27 July 
2003, as amended from time to time, or otherwise borrowed in the ordinary course of 
business of the Issuer ("Relevant Indebtedness") becomes due and payable prior to 
its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the Issuer, or (ii) the Issuer fails to 
make any payment in respect of Relevant Indebtedness on the due date for such 
payment as extended by any originally applicable grace period, or (iii) the security for 
any Relevant Indebtedness becomes enforceable, or (iv) default is made by the Issuer 
in making any payment due under any present or future guarantee and/or indemnity 
given by it of, or in respect of, Relevant Indebtedness provided that the aggregate 
amount of the Relevant Indebtedness in respect of which one or more of the events 
mentioned above in this paragraph (vii) have occurred equals or exceeds 
U.S.$10,000,000 or its equivalent (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant 
currency against the U.S. dollar as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which 
this paragraph (vii) operates); or 
(viii) 
Failure to deliver any Entitlement: the Issuer fails to deliver any Entitlement on the due 
date for delivery and such failure to deliver has not been remedied within 30 calendar 
days of notice of such failure having been given to the Issuer by any Investor, provided 
that an Event of Default shall not occur under this General Condition 10 if (i) any of the 
conditions to settlement to be satisfied by the Investor have not been so satisfied as at 
the due date for delivery or (ii) the Issuer has elected to pay the Settlement Disruption 
Amount. 
11. 
Waiver of Set-off or Counterclaim 
Subject to applicable law, no Productholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder may exercise, 
claim or plead any right of set-off (including, for the avoidance of doubt, legal set-off according 
to Article 1290 of the Luxembourg Civil Code), netting, compensation or retention (including the 
right of a Productholder to rely on the exception of non-performance (exception d’inexécution)) 
in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under, or in connection with, the 
Products, Receipts or Coupons and each Productholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall, 
by virtue of its holding of any Products, Receipts or Coupons (as the case may be), be deemed 
to have waived all such rights of set-off, netting, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding 
the above, if any amounts due and payable to any Productholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, the Products, Receipts or Coupons 
are discharged by set-off, such Productholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall, subject to 
applicable law, immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer 
(or the liquidator or administrator of the Issuer as the case may be) and, until such time as 
payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount in a fiduciary (fiduciaire) capacity, 
or where applicable law permits, in trust for the Issuer (or the liquidator or administrator of the

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
Issuer, as the case may be) and, accordingly, any such discharge shall be deemed not to have 
taken place.  
12. 
Substitution and Variation 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Notes shall be treated for regulatory purposes as MREL 
Eligible Instruments under the applicable MREL Regulations.  
(a) 
Substitution and Variation 
If an MREL Eligibility Event, an Alignment Event or Tax Event occurs and is continuing, the 
Issuer may, at its option, substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes or vary the 
terms and conditions of all (but not some only) of the relevant Notes, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they are substituted for, or varied to, 
become, or remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 and the Fiscal Agent and 
relevant Paying Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for 
substitution or, as applicable, variation), and subject to obtaining Supervisory Permission, if 
required. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new 
terms and conditions of the relevant Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without 
any cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any relevant Notes, 
expressly accept that they will be deemed to approve and accept the substitution or variation 
of the terms of the relevant Notes and to grant to the Issuer full power and authority to take any 
action and/or to execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on behalf of the 
Noteholders which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation of the 
terms of the relevant Notes. 
(b) 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
An "Alignment Event" is deemed to have occurred if, following the adoption, modification or 
implementation of the applicable MREL Regulations, at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer 
would be able to issue an MREL Eligible Instrument that contains one or more provisions that 
are, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, different in any material respect from the provisions 
of the relevant Notes. 
"MREL Eligibility Event" means at any time, on or following the Issue Date, there is a change 
in the regulatory treatment of the relevant Notes as a result of (i) a change of laws, (ii) new laws 
or regulations coming into effect or (iii) a change in the interpretation or administrative practice 
by the applicable regulator, that results in, or will result in, all or part of the outstanding principal 
amount of the relevant Notes not qualifying in full as eligible for the purposes of the minimum 
requirement of eligible liabilities referred to in the MREL Regulations and relevant implementing 
legislation in Luxembourg (if applicable) of the Issuer. 
"Qualifying Notes" means, at any time, any securities issued directly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count 
towards the fulfilment of the MREL requirement of the Issuer to at least the same extent 
as the relevant Notes, prior to the relevant substitution or variation;  
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant Notes, prior to the relevant substitution 
or variation pursuant to this General Condition 12;  
(iii) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the 
relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this General 
Condition 12;  
(iv) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the 
relevant Notes, prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this General 
Condition 12;  
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant Notes;

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
(vi) 
are not, immediately following such substitution or variation, subject to an MREL 
Eligibility Event, an Alignment Event and/or a Tax Event;  
(vii) 
have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms 
of the relevant Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer; and 
(viii) 
are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange (including, without 
limitation, a regulated market), as selected by the Issuer, if (A) the relevant Notes, were 
listed or admitted to trading on a regulated market immediately prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to this General Condition 12 or (B) the Notes, were 
listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other than a regulated 
market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this 
General Condition 12; 
A "Tax Event" is deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a Tax Law Change:  
(ix) 
in making any payments on the relevant Notes, the Issuer has paid or will or would on 
the next payment date be required to pay Additional Amounts; or 
(x) 
the Issuer is no longer entitled to claim a deduction in respect of any payments in 
respect of the relevant Notes in computing its taxation liabilities or the amount of such 
deduction is materially reduced. 
13. 
Waiver of Rights 
(a) 
Waiver of Rights 
Each Noteholder expressly accepts that it will be deemed to have waived in insolvency and 
resolution scenarios applicable to the Issuer, by virtue of its subscription and/or purchase and/or 
holding of any Notes, any and all claims, compensation and rights that it may otherwise have 
and whether arising under statute or as a matter of contract or otherwise if and to the extent 
that the amounts and/or other assets receivable by such Noteholder as a result of claims, 
compensation and rights attributable to such Notes would otherwise exceed the amounts and/or 
other assets which a holder of a Notional Security would be entitled to in such insolvency or, 
as applicable, resolution scenario (the “Relevant Compensation Rights”). 
If and to the extent that its waiver of Relevant Compensation Rights is not otherwise effective, 
by virtue of its subscription and/or purchase and/or holding of any Notes, each Noteholder shall, 
without the need for any further step or action on the part of any person, assign (and be treated 
as having assigned) irrevocably such Relevant Compensation Rights and any amounts and/or 
any certificates of entitlement or other assets attributable to such Relevant Compensation 
Rights (including any claim for damages) received or receivable by it to the relevant insolvency 
administrator or resolution authority or, if necessary, the Fiscal Agent (or such other person as 
is nominated by them for such purposes).  
In addition, if and to the extent that such waiver and assignment are not otherwise effective and 
a Noteholder receives any amounts in respect of such Relevant Compensation Rights from any 
person, such Noteholder shall immediately (in the case of compensation received in cash) pay 
an amount in cash equal to such amount or (in the case of compensation received in the form 
of securities or other non-cash assets) deliver such assets (and, in either case, any certificate 
of entitlement relating thereto) so received to the relevant insolvency administrator or resolution 
authority or the Fiscal Agent (or their nominee, as the case may be) to be applied as they (or 
their nominee) sees fit and, until such time as such payment or delivery is made, shall (in the 
case of cash compensation) hold an amount equal to such amount in cash or (in the case of 
compensation in the form of securities or other non-cash assets) hold such a fiduciary capacity 
for the relevant insolvency administrator or resolution authority or, if necessary, the Fiscal Agent 
(or their nominee, as the case may be). 
(b) 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Notional Security" means, in respect of a Note, a notional security with the same principal 
amount as such Note and with the same rate of interest and accrued rights as such Note, being 
one of a notional class of securities in the Issuer, which class is in the Corresponding Amount 
and ranks pari passu to the Notes and senior to the claims of holders of all subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer in issue.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
"Corresponding Amount" means an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes, plus the aggregate principal amount of all other Notional 
Securities of the Issuer. 
14. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications and Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders (Notes only): 
Noteholders will belong to a masse created, among other things, for the representation of their 
common interests pursuant to the provisions of the Luxembourg act dated 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended (the "Luxembourg Company Law"). The discussion 
below is based on the Luxembourg Company Law in effect on the Issue Date. Any subsequent 
amendments to the relevant provisions of the Luxembourg Company Law may amend or modify 
the discussion below. A general meeting of the Noteholders (the "Masse Meeting") may 
appoint and determine the powers of one or more representatives (the "Representatives"). 
Where Representatives have been appointed, Noteholders may no longer individually exercise 
their rights against the Issuer. A Masse Meeting may be called at any time by the 
Representatives (if any) or the Board of Directors of the Issuer. The Representatives, provided 
an advance on expenses has been paid to them, or the Board of Directors must convene the 
Masse Meeting if called upon to do so by holders of Notes representing 5 per cent. or more of 
the Notes outstanding. All Masse Meetings shall be held at the place specified in the notice 
calling the meeting and such notice shall contain the agenda. The convening notices for Masse 
Meetings shall take the form of announcements filed with the register of commerce and 
companies and published in the central electronic platform of official publication for companies 
and associations (Recueil électronique des sociétés et associations) and in a Luxembourg 
newspaper at least fifteen days before the Masse Meeting. The convening notices shall be also 
communicated to the Noteholders holding their Notes under registered form at least eight days 
before the Masse Meeting, by post unless the addressees have individually agreed to receive 
the convening notices by way of another means of communication, and no evidence of 
compliance with such formality needs to be given. In case all the Notes have been issued under 
registered form, convening notices for Masse Meetings may be made by registered letters only 
(or any other mean of communication individually accepted by a Noteholder) that need to be 
received at least eight days prior to the Masse Meeting by the Noteholders. Couponholders 
shall be deemed for all purposes to have gained knowledge of the contents of any notice given 
to the Noteholders. All Noteholders have the right to attend and vote at the Masse Meeting 
either personally or by proxy. The voting rights attached to the Notes are equal to the proportion 
of the principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented by the principal amount of the 
Note or Notes held by the relevant holder. A Masse Meeting may be called in the event of a 
merger involving the Issuer, may approve certain changes in the rights of the Noteholders and 
may, generally, determine any measures designed to ensure the defence of interests or the 
exercise of the rights of the Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of the Luxembourg 
Company Law. A Masse Meeting may deliberate validly without a quorum and by vote of a 
simple majority of Noteholders attending or represented at such Masse Meeting on the 
appointment and revocation of the Representatives, the revocation of special representatives 
appointed by the Issuer and the approval of any measures of a conservatory nature in the 
general interests of the Noteholders. On all other matters the Masse Meeting may deliberate 
validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or represented hold at least 50 per cent. 
of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation no quorum is required. Decisions at 
such meetings shall be taken by a majority of 66⅔ per cent. of the votes cast by Noteholders 
attending such meetings or represented thereat. Votes cast shall not include votes attaching to 
Notes in respect of which the Noteholder has not taken part in the vote or has abstained or has 
returned a blank or invalid vote. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Exempt 
Notes by the terms of applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to such Series.] 
(b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement: 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach 
or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could 
not reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Productholders or any 
modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
error. 
(c) 
Substitution:

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
Subject to the provisions of this General Condition, the Productholders and the Couponholders 
by subscribing to or purchasing any Products or Coupons, expressly consent to the Issuer, or 
any previously substituted company, at any time, substituting for itself as principal debtor under 
the Products, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the 
successor company of the Issuer or jointly and severally one or more companies to whom the 
Issuer has transferred all of its assets and business undertakings (in each case the 
"Substitute") provided that no payment in respect of the Products, the Receipts or the Coupons 
is at the relevant time overdue, no steps have been taken to admit the Issuer to a regime of 
suspension of payments (sursis de paiement) and (except in the case of a solvent 
reorganisation or amalgamation) no order has been made or resolution passed for the 
Liquidation of the Issuer. "Liquidation" means if an order is made or an effective resolution is 
passed for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer in accordance with Articles 
129ff. of the Resolution Law or the voluntary liquidation (liquidation volontaire) of the Issuer in 
accordance with Article 128 of the Resolution Law. Such substitution effected in accordance 
with this General Condition will release the Issuer or any previous substituted company and the 
Productholders and Couponholders expressly consent hereto. The substitution shall be made 
by written undertaking (the "Undertaking"), to be substantially in the form scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement as Schedule 8 and may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means 
of the Undertaking, agree to indemnify each Productholder and Couponholder against any tax, 
duty, assessment, withholding, deduction or governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or 
by any taxing authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for 
tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Product, Receipt, Coupon, 
Talon or the Undertaking and which would not have been so imposed had the substitution not 
been made, as well as against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any 
cost or expense, relating to the substitution; (ii) if the Substitute is a Subsidiary of the Issuer, 
the obligations of the Substitute under the Undertaking, the Products and the Coupons shall be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer or its successor or each of the 
companies to whom together the Issuer has transferred all of its assets and business 
undertakings (each a "Guarantor") by means of a guarantee substantially in the form contained 
in the Undertaking (the "Guarantee"); (iii) all action, conditions and things required to be taken, 
fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the 
Undertaking, the Products, Receipts, Coupons and Talons represent valid, legally binding and 
enforceable obligations of the Substitute and in the case of the Undertaking of the Guarantor 
have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; (iv) the Substitute shall have 
become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as 
if it had been an original party to it; (v) the Issuer shall have made available at the specified 
offices of the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Directors 
of the Issuer stating that the preceding conditions of this General Condition 14(c) and the other 
matters specified in the Undertaking have been fulfilled; (vi) if at the time the Products are rated 
by a rating agency, the substitution does not affect adversely any such rating by such rating 
agency; and (vii) the Issuer shall have given at least 30 days' prior notice of such substitution 
to the Productholders, to be published in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), 
stating that copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the 
substitution which are referred to above, or which might otherwise reasonably be regarded as 
material to Productholders, will be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the 
Paying Agents. References in General Condition 10 (Events of Default) to obligations under 
the Products shall be deemed to include obligations under the Undertaking and, where the 
Undertaking contains a Guarantee, the events listed in General Condition 10 (Events of Default) 
shall be deemed to include such Guarantee not being (or being claimed by the Guarantor not 
to be) in full force and effect and the Guarantee shall contain (a) events of default in respect of 
the Products in the same terms as General Condition 10 (Events of Default) of the Products 
relating to the Guarantor (except that references in General Condition 10(b)(i) and General 
Condition 10(b)(ii) to failure to pay principal and interest on the Products shall be a reference 
to failure to pay under the Guarantee) and (b) clauses relating to the Guarantor in the form of 
General Condition 9 (Prescription). 
15. 
Replacement of Products (other than Registered Notes), Registered Note Certificates, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Product (other than Registered Note), Registered Note Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable 
laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of a Fiscal Agent (in

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
the case of Products (other than the Registered Note), Receipts, Coupons or Talons) and of 
the Registrar (in the case of Registered Note Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or 
Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for 
the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Productholders, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Product (other than Registerd Note), Registered Note Certificate, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for 
exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable 
by the Issuer in respect of such Products (other than Registered Note), Registered Note 
Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Products (other than Registered Note), Registered Note Certificates, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
Further Issues 
(a) 
Notes: 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for 
the avoidance of doubt, references in these Conditions to "Issue Date" shall be to the first issue 
date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with 
such Notes, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Certificates:  
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Certificateholders to 
create and issue further Certificates so as to form a single series with the Certificates. 
17. 
Notices 
(a) 
Registered Notes: 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses 
in the Register and shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day 
other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing and, for so long as the Registered 
Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that 
exchange so require, such notices shall in addition be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or shall be published with the general terms and 
conditions of Deutsche Börse AG (in case of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange) or as otherwise 
required by the rules of that exchange.  
(b) 
Products (other than Registered Notes): 
Notices to the holders of the Products (other than Registered Notes) shall be valid if published 
in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort) except that for so long as the Products are listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, such notices shall be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or shall be 
published with the general terms and conditions of Deutsche Börse AG (in case of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange) or as otherwise required by the rules of that exchange. If any such publication 
is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English 
language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed 
for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of the Products 
in accordance with this General Condition. 
18. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment 
under the relevant Product, Coupon or Receipt is due (whether as a result of, or of the 
enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Productholder or Couponholder in respect of any 
sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to 
the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the relevant Product, Coupon or 
Receipt that the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that 
purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount 
received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any 
Product, Coupon or Receipt, the Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a 
result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such 
purchase. For the purposes of this General Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Productholder 
or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had 
an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent 
obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent 
cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Productholder or 
Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, 
claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Product, Coupon or 
Receipt or any other judgment or order. 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: 
The Products, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons, and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Luxembourg law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: 
The courts of Luxembourg are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with any Products, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Products, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons ("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the 
jurisdiction of the courts of Luxembourg and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts 
on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit of each of the holders of the 
Products, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and shall not affect the right of any of them to take 
Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in 
one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether 
concurrently or not) to the extent permitted by applicable law. 
20. 
Definitions 
In these General Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall 
have the respective meanings set out below:  
"Accountholder" mean the person appearing as the accountholder for the relevant Clearing 
System. 
"Affected Assets" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 5.2(b) (Settlement 
Disruption Event)."Agents" means the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and any Additional 
Agents specified in the Final Terms. 
“Agents” means the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and any Additional Agents specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Business Centre" means each centre specified as such in the Final Terms.  
"Business Day" means a day which is each of: 
(a) 
a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Business Centre 
specified in the Final Terms; 
(b) 
in respect of Cleared Products, a Clearing System Business Day for the relevant 
Clearing System; 
(c) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant currency (if other than any 
Business Centre); and

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
(d) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Business Day. 
"Business Day Convention" means any of the conventions specified in General Condition 4.4 
(Business Day Convention). 
"Calculation Agent" means Leonteq Securities AG, acting in such capacity, unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Calculation Amount" means, in respect of a Series, the amount specified as such in the Final 
Terms, PROVIDED THAT in respect of Partial Redemption Products, the outstanding 
Calculation Amount in respect of each Product of such Series shall be reduced by the Partial 
Redemption Amount(s) upon payment thereof on the corresponding Partial Redemption 
Date(s) in accordance with General Condition 5.1(a) (Partial Redemption). 
"Cleared Products" means any Products that are cleared via Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or SIS, as relevant (and each a "Cleared Product"). 
“Clearing System” means the relevant clearing system as specified in the Final Terms.  
"CNY means Chinese Renminbi, the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China 
(including any lawful successor to the CNY). 
"CNY FX Disruption Event” means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
"CNY Inconvertibility Event” means an event that makes it impossible or impractical for the 
Issuer to convert any amounts in CNY due in respect of the Products in the general CNY foreign 
exchange market in the CNY Financial Centre, other than where such impossibility or 
impracticality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation 
enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the 
relevant Trade Date, and it is impossible or impractical for the Issuer, due to an event beyond 
its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation);  
"CNY Non-Transferability Event” means an event that makes it impossible or impractical for 
the Issuer to deliver CNY (i) between accounts inside the CNY Financial Centre or (ii) from an 
account inside the CNY Financial Centre to an account outside the CNY Financial Centre, other 
than where such impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any CNY Governmental Authority (unless such law, 
rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible or impractical for the 
Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); and  
"CNY Illiquidity Event” means the general CNY foreign exchange market in the CNY Financial 
Centre becomes illiquid as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient CNY in order to 
satisfy its payment obligations (in whole or in part) under the Products, 
where: 
(a) 
"impractical" or "impracticality" means, in relation to a CNY FX Disruption Event, that 
the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) would incur a materially increased amount of 
taxes, duties, expenses or fees (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date and determined by the Calculation Agent) to perform the relevant action described 
in this definition; and 
(b) 
"impossible", in relation to a CNY FX Disruption Event, shall include (but shall not be 
limited to) any act which, if done or performed by the Issuer (or any affiliate of the 
Issuer) would be or result in the breach of any applicable law, rule, or regulation. 
"CNY Financial Centre” means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"CNY Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of the People's Republic of China, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
and any other CNY Financial Centre.  
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in the Payout Conditions. 
"Delivery Entitlement Instruction" means, with respect to Products which are to be settled by 
delivery of an Entitlement, a notice delivered by the relevant Productholder in respect of such 
Entitlement in the form obtainable from the relevant Paying Agent.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in the Payout Conditions. 
"Event of Default" means each of the events set out in General Condition 10 (Events of 
Default). 
"Exchange Event" means in respect of, Euroclear/Clearstream Securities that are not Cleared 
Products, that the Issuer has failed to make any payment of principal when due.  
“FX Disruption Event” means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
"Currency Replacement Event”: The Settlement Currency ceases to exist and is 
replaced by a new currency in the relevant jurisdiction; 
(b) 
"Dual Exchange Rate”: A relevant exchange rate splits into dual or multiple foreign 
exchange rates;  
(c) 
"Governmental Authority Event”: a Governmental Authority of a relevant jurisdiction 
has given public notice of its intention to impose any controls which are likely to 
materially affect the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent's ability to hedge the Issuer's 
obligations with respect to the Products or to unwind any such hedge; 
(d) 
"Illiquidity”: It is or becomes or is likely to become impossible or impracticable for the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent to obtain any Settlement Currency or obtain or use a 
relevant exchange rate in an appropriate amount;  
(e) 
"Inconvertibility”: The occurrence of any event that makes it or is likely to make it 
impossible and/or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent to convert the 
Settlement Currency into another currency (or vice versa) through customary legal 
channels (including, without limitation, any event that has the direct or indirect effect of 
hindering, limiting or restricting convertibility by way of any delays, increased costs or 
discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on repatriation of 
one currency into another currency); 
(f) 
"Non-Transferability”: The occurrence of any event in or affecting any relevant 
jurisdiction that makes it or is likely to make it impossible and/or impracticable for the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent to deliver any Settlement Currency into a relevant 
account; and/or 
(g) 
"Price Source Disruption”: a Price Source Disruption. 
"Hedge Positions" means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (b) stock 
loan transactions, or (c) other instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates in order to hedge individually, or on a 
portfolio basis, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Products. 
"Issue Date" means the issue date as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Issue Price" means the price specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Issue Size" means, on the Issue Date, the aggregate nominal amount of the Products of the 
relevant Tranche (or, if applicable, Series) being issued as specified in the Final Terms and on 
any date thereafter such amount as reduced by any partial redemption on or prior to such date. 
“Intermediated Securities” has the meaning given to such term in General Condtion 1(b). 
“Investor” has the meaning given to such term in General Condtion 1(b). 
"Minimum Tradable Lot" means the amount, if any, specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Notional Amount" means, in respect of Notional Certificates, the amount specified as such in 
the Final Terms PROVIDED THAT in respect of Partial Redemption Products, the outstanding 
Notional Amount in respect of each such Notional Certificate shall be reduced by the Partial 
Redemption Amount(s) upon payment thereof on the corresponding Partial Redemption Date(s) 
in accordance with General Condition 7.  
"Partial Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Partial Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such corresponding to such Partial Redemption Date in the Final Terms.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
"Partial Redemption Date(s)" means the date(s) specified as such in the Final Terms (subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Final 
Terms). 
"Partial Redemption Product" means each Product in respect of which 'Partial Redemption' 
is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Payment Date" means a day on which a payment is due in respect of the Products. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in the Payout Conditions. 
"Relevant Rules" means the terms and conditions governing the use of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the operating procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and 
in the case of SIX SIS Securities, the rules of the SIS, as may be amended, supplemented or 
modified from time to time and/or the terms and conditions and any procedures governing the 
use of such other relevant clearing system, in each case as updated from time to time, relating 
to a particular issue of Products, as applicable. 
"Relevant Settlement Day" means, a Clearing System Business Day and a Scheduled Trading 
Day (as defined in the relevant Underlying Specific Conditions). 
“Relevant Stock Exchange” means in respect of any Series, the stock exchange upon which 
such Products are listed (if any), as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Settlement Disruption Amount" means, in respect of each Product, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency equal to the pro rata proportion of the market value of such Product on or 
about the Settlement Disruption Date (which shall take into account where some but not all of 
the Underlyings comprising the Entitlement have been duly delivered pursuant to General 
Condition 5.2 (Settlement by Delivery of the Entitlement) and the value of such Underlyings). 
Such amount shall be determined by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent 
considers to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(a) 
market prices or values for the Underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables 
(such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time; 
(b) 
the remaining life of the Products had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
and/or any scheduled early redemption date; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption which would have been 
applicable had the Products remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any 
scheduled early redemption date; 
(d) 
internal pricing models; and 
(e) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for securities similar to the Products, 
provided that, if the Final Terms specifies 'Unwind Costs' to be 'Not Applicable', the Calculation 
Agent shall not take into account deductions for any costs, charges, fees, accruals, losses, 
withholdings and expenses, which are incurred by the Issuer or its affiliates relating to the 
unwinding of any Hedge Positions and/or related funding arrangements, when determining 
such market value. 
"Settlement Disruption Date" means the fifth Relevant Settlement Day following the date of 
the notice of the relevant election to pay the Settlement Disruption Amount or such other date 
as may be specified in the relevant notice. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, that an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer has occurred as a result of which the Issuer cannot make 
or procure delivery of the relevant Underlying(s). 
"Settlement Expenses" means, in respect of any Product or Products, if the Final Terms 
specifies 'Settlement Expenses' to be 'Applicable', any costs, fees and expenses or other 
amounts (other than in relation to Taxes) payable by a Productholder per Calculation Amount 
on or in respect of or in connection with the redemption or settlement of such Product or 
Products by way of delivery of any Entitlement. 
“SIS” has the meaning given to such term in General Condtion 1(b). 
“SIX SIS Securities” has the meaning given to such term in General Condtion 1(b).

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
“SIX SIS Securities Permanent Global Security” has the meaning given to such term in 
General Condtion 1(b). 
"Specified Currency" means the currency or currencies specified in the Final Terms.  
"Specified Denomination" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Specified Sub-Unit" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on which the TARGET System is operating. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was 
launched on 19 November 2007 ('TARGET2') (or, if such system ceases to be operative, such 
other system (if any) determined by the Calculation Agent to be a suitable replacement). 
"Taxes" or "Tax" means any tax, duty, impost, levy, charge or contribution in the nature of 
taxation or any withholding or deduction for or on account thereof, including (but not limited to) 
any applicable stock exchange tax, turnover tax, financial transaction tax, stamp duty, stamp 
duty reserve tax, charge on income, profits or capital gains and/or other taxes, duties, 
"Underlying" means each Share, Participation Certificate, Depositary Receipt, Index, 
Commodity, Currency Exchange Rate, Futures Contract, Fixed Rate Instrument, Derivative 
Instrument, ETF Share, Fund Unit and Reference Rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Underlying Specific Conditions" means, in respect of: 
(a) 
Products linked to one or more shares ("Share Linked Products"), the Share Linked 
Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(b) 
Products linked to one or more participation certificates (Genussscheine) 
("Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Products"), the Participation 
Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(c) 
Products linked to one or more indices ("Index Linked Products"), the Index Linked 
Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(d) 
Products linked to one or more Depositary Receipts ("Depositary Receipt Linked 
Products"), the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base 
Prospectus); 
(e) 
Products linked to one or more commodities ("Commodity Linked Products"), the 
Commodity Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(f) 
Products linked to one or more currency exchange rates ("Currency Exchange Rate 
Linked Products"), the Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions (as set out in this 
Base Prospectus); 
(g) 
Products linked to one or more futures contracts ("Futures Contract Linked 
Products"), the Futures Contract Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base 
Prospectus); 
(h) 
Products linked to one or more fixed rate instruments or derivative instruments ("Fixed 
Rate Instrument Linked Products" or "Derivative Instrument Linked Products"), 
the Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions (as set out in 
this Base Prospectus); 
(i) 
Products linked to one or more exchange traded funds ("ETF Linked Products"), the 
ETF Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus); 
(j) 
Products linked to Funds (" Fund Linked Products"), the Fund Linked Conditions (as 
set out in this Base Prospectus); or 
(k) 
Products linked to a reference rate ("Reference Rate Linked Products"), the 
Reference Rate Linked Conditions (as set out in this Base Prospectus). 
 "Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount" means, on any day and in relation to the relevant 
event leading to early redemption of the Products, an amount in respect of each Calculation 
Amount for each Product in the Settlement Currency equal to the market value of such Product 
(in respect of such Calculation Amount) following the event triggering the early redemption 
(including the value of accrued interest (if applicable)) (the "Market Value"). Such amount shall

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
be determined as soon as reasonably practicable following the event giving rise to the early 
redemption of the Products and by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent considers 
to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(a) 
market prices or values for the Underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables 
(such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time; 
(b) 
the remaining life of the Products had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
and/or any scheduled early redemption date; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption which would have been 
applicable had the Products remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any 
scheduled early redemption date; 
(d) 
internal pricing models; and 
(e) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for Products similar to the Products.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
SEPARATE WARRANT CONDITIONS  
The following is the text of the Separate Warrant Conditions (that, subject to completion of the applicable 
Separate Warrant Final Terms in accordance with the Terms set out in the applicable Separate Warrant 
Final Terms or in the case of Exempt Warrants only as completed, amended, supplemented, or varied 
by the applicable Separate Warrant Pricing Supplement, shall be applicable to the Warrants. For the 
advoidance of doubt, the General Conditions of the Products, the Payout Conditions and Underlying 
Specific Conditions shall not apply in respect of Warrants governed by these Separate Warrant 
Conditions. Either (i) the full text of these Separate Warrant Conditions together with the relevant 
provisions of the Separate Warrant Final Terms for the Warrants or (ii) in the case of Exempt Warrants, 
these Separate Warrant Conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied by the 
applicable Separate Warrant Pricing Supplement (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-
applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Warrants issued in definitive form. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any Warrant in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Warrants were they in definitive form to the extent described under "Overview of 
Provisions Relating to the Certificates and the Warrants while in Global Form" below. All capitalised 
terms that are not defined in these Separate Warrant Conditions will have the meanings given to them 
in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms or Separate Warrant Pricing Supplement for the 
Warrants. References in these Separate Warrant Conditions to "Warrants" are to the Warrants of one 
Series only, not to all Warrants that may be issued under the Programme. 
Warrants issued under the Programme pursuant to these separate conditions of the Warrants (the 
Separate Warrant Conditions) are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise 
one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Warrants. If the Warrant is a Warrant which is neither 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation (an "Exempt Warrant"), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in the 
Separate Warrant Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the 
extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Separate Warrant Conditions, replace or modify 
the Separate Warrant Conditions for the purposes of this Warrant. Any reference in these Separate 
Warrant Conditions to "applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a 
reference to "applicable Separate Warrant Pricing Supplement" where relevant. The expression 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
Each Tranche is the subject of a set of Separate Warrant Final Terms ("Separate Warrant Final 
Terms") which supplements these Separate Warrant Conditions (the "Terms"). The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Warrants are the Terms as set out in the applicable 
Separate Warrant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Separate Warrant 
Conditions and the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms, the applicable Separate Warrant Final 
Terms shall prevail. Expressions used herein and not defined shall have the meaning given to them in 
the Terms. References in these Separate Warrant Conditions to "Calculation Agent" are to the 
Calculation Agent (if any) appointed in relation to the Warrants and specified in the Terms. 
1. 
Form and Title 
(a) 
Form 
The Warrants are issued in bearer form. 
(b) 
Title 
Title to the Warrants shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Warrant shall be deemed to be and may be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no 
person shall be liable for so treating such holders. 
In these Separate Warrant Conditions, "Warrantholder" and "holder" mean the bearer of any 
Warrant. 
2. 
Status 
The Warrants represent unsubordinated and unsecured contractual obligations of the Issuer. 
The Warrants rank equally among themselves and, save for such exceptions as may be

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
provided by applicable legislation, pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer.  
Subject to the application of the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 2015 on the failure of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (the “Resolution Law “) and 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund, as amended (the “SRM Regulation”), notwithstanding and to the exclusion 
of any other term of the Warrants or any other agreements, arrangements, or understanding 
between the Issuer and any holder, by its acquisition of the Warrants, each holder (which, for 
the purposes of this clause, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Warrants) 
acknowledges and accepts that any amount due arising under the Warrants may be subject to 
the exercise of any write-down or conversion powers in accordance with Article 48 of Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended (the “BRRD”) and Article 49 of the Resolution Law, and acknowledges, accepts, 
consents and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any write-down or conversion powers by the relevant 
resolution authority, which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or 
some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction or cancellation of all, or a portion, of the amounts due; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the amounts due on the Warrants into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or 
obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of 
the terms of the Warrants; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Warrants; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the provisions of the Warrants by which the 
Warrants have no maturity or the amendment of the amount of interest payable 
on the Warrants, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including 
by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Warrants, as deemed necessary by the relevant 
resolution authority, to give effect to the exercise of any write-down or conversion 
powers by the relevant resolution authority. 
3. 
Exercise Rights 
(a) 
Exercise Period—American Style Warrants 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Separate Warrant Final 
Terms, Warrants designated in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms as "American 
Style" ("American Style Warrants") are exercisable on any Business Day, as specified in the 
applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms, during the period from, but excluding, the Issue Date 
(and, as the case may be, if different from the Issue Date, the First Exercise Date as specified 
in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms) to and including the Final Exercise Date (such 
period, the "Exercise Period") subject to prior termination of the Warrants as provided in 
Condition 5, Condition 6 and Condition 7. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms, 
American Style Warrants with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 
4(a)) has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 4(a), at or prior to 10.00 a.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on the Final Exercise Date and which in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent is "In-The-Money", shall be exercised by the Calculation Agent on behalf of the relevant 
Warrantholder on the Final Exercise Date. The expression "exercise", "due exercise" and 
related expressions shall be construed to apply to any American Style Warrants to which 
Automatic Exercise applies in accordance with this provision. 
(b) 
Exercise Period—European Style Warrants 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Separate Warrant Final 
Terms, Warrants designated in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms as "European

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
Style" ("European Style Warrants") are exercisable on the Exercise Date or Exercise Dates 
(or, if such a day is not a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business (an "Exercisable Business Day"), the next following such day) (each an "Exercise 
Date", the latest such Exercise Date being the "Final Exercise Date") subject to prior 
termination of the Warrants as provided in Condition 5, Condition 6 and Condition 7. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms, 
any European Style Warrant which in the determination of the Calculation Agent is "In-The-
Money" on an Exercise Date, shall be automatically exercised by the Calculation Agent on 
behalf of the Warrantholders on such Exercise Date and the provisions of Condition 4 shall 
apply. The expression "exercise", "due exercise" and related expressions shall be construed to 
apply to any European Style Warrants to which Automatic Exercise applies in accordance with 
this provision. 
(c) 
Entitlement 
The rights attaching to each Warrant on exercise will be as set out in the applicable Separate 
Warrant Final Terms. 
(d) 
Failure to Exercise 
Unless Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms, any 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered to the Issuer in the manner 
set out in Condition 4, at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg time) on the relevant Final Exercise 
Date shall become void. 
(e) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 3, "In-The-Money" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Warrant to which cash settlement applies, the Cash Settlement Amount 
(as defined in Condition 4(b)) is greater than zero; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Warrant to which physical settlement applies, the Assessed Value 
Payment Amount (as defined in Condition 6(e) is greater than zero, 
in each case in the determination of the Calculation Agent. 
4. 
Exercise Procedure 
(a) 
Exercise Notice 
Unless Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms, each 
Warrant may be exercised by presentation and surrender of such Warrant together with a duly 
completed exercise notice in writing (copies of which may be obtained from the specified office 
of the Issuer) (an "Exercise Notice") to the Issuer at its specified office (1) (in the case of 
American Style Warrants) not later than 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg time) on any Business Day 
(the "Exercise Date") during the Exercise Period or (2) (in the case of European Style 
Warrants) at any time after 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg time) on the Exercisable Business Day 
immediately preceding the relevant Exercise Date but not later than 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg 
time) on the relevant Exercise Date: 
(i) 
specifying the number of Warrants being exercised; 
(ii) 
including an irrevocable undertaking to pay any applicable stamp duty, stamp duty 
reserve tax and/or other similar taxes or duties due by reason of the exercise of 
Warrants by such Warrantholder and an authorisation to the Issuer to deduct any such 
taxes or duties from the Cash Settlement Amount or Early Cancellation Amount, as the 
case may be, or any other amount payable by the Issuer in connection with the exercise 
of such Warrants (such taxes, duties or other amount payable, the "Warrantholder 
Expenses") and/or to debit a specified account with the Issuer in respect of such 
Warrantholder Expenses;  
(iii) 
in the case of Physical Settlement, irrevocably instructing the Issuer to debit on the 
Exercise Date a specified account with the Issuer with the aggregate amount of the 
Exercise Prices in respect of the Warrants being exercised (together with any other 
amounts payable);

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
(iv) 
specifying the number of the account with the Issuer to be credited with any Cash 
Settlement Amount and any Early Cancellation Amount and any dividends payable 
pursuant to Condition 4(h);  
(v) 
including the account details and/or name and address of any person into whose name 
evidence of the Share Amount is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to 
whom documents evidencing title are to be delivered;  
(vi) 
certifying that such Warrants are not being exercised by or on behalf of any U.S. 
persons, that payment or delivery with respect to duly exercised Warrants will not be 
made to, or for the account of, a U.S. person and that none of such Warrants was 
purchased by the holder in the United States; and  
(vii) 
authorising the production of such certification in applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
(b) 
Cash Settlement 
(i) 
Index Linked Warrants 
For each Warrant that is designated in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms 
as relating to an Index (an "Index Linked Warrant"), the Issuer shall pay the Cash 
Settlement Amount less any Warrantholder Expenses (as defined in Condition 
4.1(a)(ii)) which the Issuer is authorised to deduct, in accordance with Condition 11 on 
the Settlement Date specified in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms.  
The "Cash Settlement Amount" in respect of each Call Index Linked Warrant is an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
1
Initial
Index
Final
Index
−
 
provided that the Cash Settlement Amount shall not be less than zero. 
(ii) 
ETF Linked Warrants 
For each Warrant that is designated in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms 
as relating to an exchange traded fund share or unit (an "ETF Linked Warrant") and 
where Cash Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Separate Warrant 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay the Cash Settlement Amount less any Warrantholder 
Expenses (as defined in Condition 4.1(a)(ii)) which the Issuer is authorised to deduct, 
in accordance with Condition 11 on the Settlement Date specified in the applicable 
Separate Warrant Final Terms. 
The "Cash Settlement Amount" in respect of: 
(x) 
each Warrant designated in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms as a 
Call ETF Linked Warrant is an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
1
Price
 
Closing
Price
 
Final
−
; and 
(y) 
each Warrant designated in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms as a 
Put ETF Linked Warrant is an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
Price
 
Closing
Price
 
Final
 - 
Price
 
Strike
 
provided that, in the case of (x) and (y) above, the Cash Settlement Amount 
shall not be less than zero. 
(iii) 
Notional 
For the purpose of sub-paragraph (i) and (ii) above, each Warrant shall be deemed to 
have a notional amount ("NA") of the amount specified as such in the applicable

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
Separate Warrant Final Terms and the Calculation Agent shall multiply such NA by the 
amount determined in accordance with the relevant formula above for the purpose of 
determining the Cash Settlement Amount due in respect of such Warrant.  
(c) 
Physical Settlement 
For each Warrant that is designated in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms as relating 
to an exchange traded fund share or unit (an "ETF Linked Warrant") and where Physical 
Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms, the Issuer 
shall effect Physical Settlement, subject to payment to it of the Exercise Price and any 
applicable Warrantholder Expenses (as defined in Condition 4.1(a)(ii)), and deliver or cause 
delivery of the Share Amount for such duly exercised Warrant on the Settlement Date specified 
in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms, such delivery to be made at the risk of the 
relevant Warrantholder provided however that, where Cash Floor is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms and the Underlying Performance is less than or 
equal to the Cash Floor Barrier Level, the Issuer shall pay the Cash Settlement Amount less 
any Warrantholder Expenses (as defined in Condition 4.1(a)(ii)) which the Issuer is authorised 
to deduct, in accordance with Condition 11 on the Settlement Date specified in the applicable 
Separate Warrant Final Terms.  
If Automatic Exercise and Cash Floor are each specified as applying in the applicable Separate 
Warrant Final Terms, American Style Warrants with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as 
defined in Condition 4(a)) has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 4(a), at or prior 
to 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg time) on the Final Exercise Date shall be exercised by the 
Calculation Agent on behalf of the relevant Warrantholder on the Final Exercise Date and the 
Cash Settlement Amount paid in respect thereof.  
The "Share Amount" in respect of each ETF Linked Warrant is a fraction of ETF Shares 
calculated in accordance with the following: 
Parity
1
 
"Parity" is the number of Warrants required for the delivery of one ETF Share to the relevant 
Warrantholder and will be calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Option Price (expressed as percentage) multiplied by the Closing Price divided by 
the Issue Price. 
The Parity will be determined by the Calculation Agent and notified to Warrantholders on the 
Initial Valuation Date in accordance with Condition 15. 
For the purpose of determining the Share Amount deliverable in respect of the Warrants, 
Warrants held by the same Warrantholder will be aggregated. The aggregate Share Amount(s) 
to be delivered in respect of each such aggregated holding will be rounded down to the nearest 
whole unit of the ETF Share, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Therefore, fractions of the ETF Share will not be delivered but in lieu thereof the Issuer shall 
pay to the Warrantholders in respect of their respective holding an additional amount in EUR 
equal to the fair market value of such fraction(s) in such manner as shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and notified to 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
The Share Amount shall be delivered and evidenced in such manner as the Issuer determines 
to be customary for the ETF Shares or in such other commercially reasonable manner as the 
Issuer shall determine to be appropriate for such delivery. The Issuer shall be under no 
obligation to register or procure the registration of any Warrantholder or any other person as 
the registered shareholder in respect of the ETF Shares comprised in any Share Amount in the 
register of members of the ETF Issuer.  
(d) 
Determination 
For the purpose of determining the Share Amount deliverable in respect of the Warrants or (as 
the case may be), the Cash Settlement Amount (where Cash Floor is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms), each Warrant shall be deemed to have a 
notional amount ("NA") of the amount specified as such in the applicable Separate Warrant 
Final Terms and the Calculation Agent shall multiply such NA by the amount determined in

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
accordance with the relevant formula above for the purpose of determining the Share Amount 
or (as the case may be) the Cash Settlement Amount due in respect of such Warrant. 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form and 
accompanied by the correct Warrants shall be made by the Issuer and shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent (if any) and the Warrantholder. Any Exercise Notice 
so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form shall be void. If such Exercise Notice is 
subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Issuer, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise 
Notice submitted at the time the correction is delivered. 
(e) 
Effect of Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice together with the surrender of one or more Warrants shall 
constitute an irrevocable election and undertaking by the relevant Warrantholder to exercise 
the Warrants so delivered and surrendered and specified in the Exercise Notice in the manner 
specified in the Exercise Notice. 
(f) 
Settlement Disruption 
If in respect of an ETF Linked Warrant and prior to delivery of the Share Amount in respect 
thereof, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting, 
then the Settlement Date for such Warrant shall be postponed to the first following Business 
Day on which no Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting. 
For so long as delivery of any Share Amount is not practicable by reason of a Settlement 
Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision 
hereof the Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the 
relevant Warrant by payment of the Early Cancellation Amount (as defined in Condition 7) not 
later than on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to 
the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15. Payment of the Early Cancellation Amount 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 15. The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15 that a Settlement Disruption Event has 
occurred. 
No Warrantholder or any other person shall be entitled to any payment in respect of a Warrant 
in the event of any delay in the delivery of any Share Amount relating thereto due to the 
occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to 
the Issuer. 
(g) 
Intervening Period 
With respect to Physical Settlement, for such period of time after the Exercise Date as the 
Issuer or any person on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the legal owner of the ETF 
Shares comprising the relevant Share Amount (the "Intervening Period"), neither the Issuer 
nor any other such person shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to the 
relevant Warrantholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such ETF Shares or any other 
person any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment whatsoever 
received by that person in its capacity as the holder of such ETF Shares, (ii) be under any 
obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including voting rights) attaching 
to such ETF Shares during the Intervening Period or (iii) be under any liability to the relevant 
Warrantholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such ETF Shares or any other person in 
respect of any loss or damage which the relevant Warrantholder or subsequent beneficial 
owner or any other person may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of 
the Issuer or any other such person being the legal owner of such ETF Shares during such 
Intervening Period. 
(h) 
Dividends 
Any dividend in respect of any Share Amount to be delivered will be payable to the party that 
would receive such dividend according to market practice for a sale of the ETF Shares executed 
on the Exercise Date and to be delivered in the same manner as such Share Amount. Any such 
dividend to be paid to a Warrantholder shall be paid to the account specified in the relevant 
Exercise Notice. 
(i) 
Exercise and Settlement Risk

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
Exercise and settlement of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and 
practices in force on the Exercise Date or Settlement Date, as the case may be, and neither 
the Issuer nor any Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the 
transactions contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, 
regulations or practices.  
5. 
Adjustment Provisions in relation to Index Linked Warrants 
(a) 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence of (1) at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time (i) a Trading Disruption or (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, or (2) 
an Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists at any time, if a 
Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a Component Security included in the Index at 
any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of 
such Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of such Index 
attributable to that Component Security and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case 
immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. For the purposes of 
determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of the Index exists at any time, if a 
Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a Component Security included in such Index at 
any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of 
such Index shall be based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of such Index 
attributable to that Component Security and (ii) the overall level of the Index, in each case 
immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. The Calculation Agent 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15 
of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
would have been a Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Adjustments to an Index 
(i) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports the Index 
If the Index is: 
(A) 
not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or 
(B) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation 
as used in the calculation of the Index, 
then in each case that Index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
(ii) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of the Index 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
(A) 
on or prior to the last Valuation Date, the Index Sponsor makes or announces 
that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of 
calculating the Index or in any other way materially modifies the Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the Index 
in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation, contracts or 
commodities and other routine events) (an "Index Modification"); or 
(B) 
the Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index 
exists (an "Index Cancellation"); or 
(C) 
on any Valuation Date, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the successor 
sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Index (an "Index Disruption" and, 
together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an "Index 
Adjustment Event"); 
then the Issuer may take the action in (x) or (y) below: 
(x) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine if such Index Adjustment Event has 
a material effect on the Warrants and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Index 
Level using, in lieu of a published level for the Index, the level for the Index as

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
at the Valuation Time on that Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent which will be determined in accordance with the formula for and method 
of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, 
but using only those Component Securities that comprised the Index 
immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
(y) 
on giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15, cancel all 
but not some only of the Warrants, each Warrant being cancelled by payment 
of the Early Cancellation Amount. 
(iii) 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Issuer of any 
determination made by it pursuant to paragraph (b) above and the action proposed to 
be taken in relation thereto. 
(c) 
Correction of Index Level 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business 
Days prior to the Settlement Date, if the level of the Index published on a given day and used 
or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Warrants, is 
subsequently corrected and the correction published by the Index Sponsor, Exchange or 
Related Exchange within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the level to be 
used for calculation of any relevant value in relation to the Warrants shall be the level of the 
Index as so corrected and the Calculation Agent may make any relevant adjustment to the 
Separate Warrant Conditions or any subsequent amount payable under the Warrants to 
account therefor, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Events 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased 
Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock Borrow. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
(i) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner may either: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be 
made to any of the terms of the Warrants to account for the Additional 
Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(B) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 15. If the Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay each 
Warrantholder the Early Cancellation Amount in respect of each Warrant held 
such Warrantholder him determined taking into account the Additional 
Disruption Event. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(ii) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15 stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt 
of, such notice will not affect the validity of the Additional Disruption Event or the 
proposed action. 
(e) 
Index Disclaimer 
The Warrants are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index or the Index Sponsor 
and no Index Sponsor makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, 
either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the 
Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No Index or Index 
Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the 
Index and the Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. 
No Index Sponsor is making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to 
the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with the Warrants. The Issuer

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
shall have no liability to the Warrantholders for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in 
connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Index. Neither the Issuer nor 
its Affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or any control 
over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation 
Agent will obtain information concerning the Index from publicly available sources it believes 
reliable, it will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty 
or undertaking (express or implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its 
Affiliates or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of 
information concerning the Index. 
(f) 
Definitions 
"Affiliate"" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
"control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity or person or, if the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate, the power to direct or cause the direction of the 
management and policies of the First Entity, whether by contract, or otherwise. 
"Bloomberg Screen" shall mean, when used in connection with any designated page specified 
in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms, the display page so designated on the 
Bloomberg service (or such other page as may replace that page on that service, or such other 
service as may be nominated as the information vendor, in all cases for the purpose of 
displaying comparable rates in succession thereto). 
"Cash Floor Barrier Level" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Separate 
Warrant Final Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable 
Separate Warrant Final Terms):  
(i) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or  
(ii) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority),  
the Calculation Agent determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
that (i) it has become illegal for any Hedging Party to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant 
hedging arrangements relating to a Component Security or the relevant hedge positions relating 
to the Index and/or (ii) any Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Warrants (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, any of 
its Affiliates or any Hedging Party). 
"Clearance System" means in respect of any security or asset comprised in the Index the 
principal domestic clearance system customarily used for setting trades in that security or asset. 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on 
which such Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a settlement disruption event, 
would have been) open for acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Closing Level" means an amount equal to the official closing level of the Index as published 
by the Index Sponsor as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Component Security" means each and any component security or asset of the Index. 
"Disrupted Day" means any day which is any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (A) the 
Exchange or the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during their regular trading session 
or (B) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant 
Exchange(s) relating to Component Securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level 
of the Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior 
to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
Valuation Time that would apply to the determination of a Closing Level on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
"Exchange" means the exchange or quotation system specified for the Index in the applicable 
Separate Warrant Final Terms or if no such exchange or quotation system is specified for the 
Index in the Separate Warrant Final Terms, the exchange or quotation system on which all or 
substantially all relevant Component Securities are listed (being for the avoidance of doubt, 
where any Component Security has more than one listing, the exchange or quotation system 
used by the relevant Index Sponsor for the purposes of valuing the relevant price of such 
Component Security) or, in each case, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Component Securities 
comprising the Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity in relation to the Component Securities comprising 
the Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the Exchange 
and each relevant Related Exchange (if any) in respect of the Index is open for trading during 
its regular trading session, notwithstanding the Exchange or any relevant Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to 
Component Securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index or, or (B) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the 
Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Final Valuation Date in the applicable 
Separate Warrant Final Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes 
of determining the consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or a 
Disrupted Day occurring on any such day in accordance with these Separate Warrant 
Conditions. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk, 
including but not limited to the currency risk, of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Warrants, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as determined by Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means, at any relevant time, the Issuer or any Affiliate(s) or any entity (or 
entities) providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the 
Warrants as the Issuer may select at such time. 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of Component Securities comprised in an Index that the 
Issuer deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Warrants. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and 
interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Warrants, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Hedging Party would incur a rate to borrow 
any Component Security comprised in the Index that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
"Index" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Separate Warrant Conditions, 
the equity index specified in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Index Final" means the Index Level as of the Final Valuation Date  
"Index Initial" means the Index Level as of the Initial Valuation Date. 
"Index Level" means the Closing Level of the Index.  
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to the Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation 
and adjustments, if any, related to the Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) 
the level of the Index on a regular basis, which as of the Issue Date of the Warrants is the index 
sponsor specified for such Index in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of the relevant Component Security, the rate which 
the Hedging Party would have incurred to borrow such Component Security on any Relevant 
Market as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Initial Valuation Date in the applicable 
Separate Warrant Final Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes 
of determining the consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or a 
Disrupted Day occurring on any such day in accordance with these Separate Warrant 
Conditions. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Component Securities comprised 
in the Index in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means in respect of the relevant Component Security, the lowest 
rate which the Hedging Party, after using commercially reasonable efforts, would have incurred 
to borrow such Component Security in the Relevant Market, in an amount equal to the Hedging 
Shares, as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Related Exchange" means the exchange specified in the applicable Separate Warrant Final 
Terms or if no such exchange is specified in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms, each 
exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to the Index, 
any successor to any such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index, on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange).  
"Relevant Market" means, for the purpose of determining any value or other amount pursuant 
to these Separate Warrant Conditions, any relevant quotation system, exchange, dealing 
system, screen page, over-the-counter derivatives or other market which the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate for such purpose and which it may select taking into account hedging 
arrangements of the Issuer and/or its Affiliates for the Warrants. 
"Reuters Screen" shall mean, when used in connection with any designated page, specified in 
the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms, the display page so designated on the Reuters 
Money Market Rate Services or such other services or service as may be nominated as the 
information vendor for the purpose of displaying the specific page on that service or such other 
page as may replace that page on that service or such other service, in all cases for the purpose 
of displaying comparable rates in succession thereto. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of the Exchange or an Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which the Exchange and each Related Exchange 
(if any) is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
issuing a Disrupted Day would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Cycle" means the period of Clearance System Business Days following a trade in 
the securities underlying the Index on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Separate Warrant Final 
Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
Exchange or relevant Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or relevant Related Exchange or otherwise 
(a) relating to Component Securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index 
on the Exchange or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on any relevant 
Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Initial Valuation Date and the Final Valuation Date and otherwise 
in accordance with the above provisions or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Valuation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of eight 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level by determining the level or price 
of the Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security or asset 
comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of 
the relevant security or asset on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant security or asset as of the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day).  
"Valuation Time" means the official close of trading on the Exchange. 
6. 
Adjustment Provisions in relation to ETF Linked Warrants 
(a) 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence of (1) at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the official close of trading on the Exchange (i) a Trading Disruption 
or (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, or (2) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day would have been a Valuation Date. 
(b) 
Correction of ETF Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is five (5) Exchange 
Business Days prior to the Settlement Date, if the price of the ETF Share published on a given 
day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the 
Warrants, is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange 
within one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the level to be used for calculation of 
any relevant value in relation to the Warrants shall be the price of the ETF Share as so corrected 
and the Calculation Agent may make any relevant adjustment to the Separate Warrant 
Conditions or any subsequent amount payable under the Warrants to account therefor, as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
(c) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means in respect of ETF Shares any of the following:

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant ETF Shares (unless resulting 
in a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) or a free distribution or dividend of any such ETF 
Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue;  
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant ETF Shares of (A) 
such ETF Shares or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment 
of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the ETF equally or proportionately 
with such payments to holders of such ETF Shares or (C) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the ETF, as a 
result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (D) any other type of securities, rights 
or certificates or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
a repurchase by the ETF Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of ETF Shares whether out 
of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; or 
(v) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETF Shares. 
Following the declaration by the ETF Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the 
Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine 
whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the ETF Shares and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, if 
any, to any one or both of (a) the Share Amount and/or (b) any of the other terms of the Separate 
Warrant Conditions and/or the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms as the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to 
account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to 
account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative 
to the relevant ETF Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. In its 
determinations of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the ETF Shares relating to any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related 
adjustments to the terms of the Warrants, the Calculation Agent may take into account any 
amounts of Local Taxes that would, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, be withheld 
from or paid or otherwise incurred by an Offshore Investor in connection with such Potential 
Adjustment Event. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made 
by an options exchange to options on the ETF Shares traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall 
give notice as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances to (i) the Issuer, and (ii) 
the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15 stating the adjustment to (a) any Share 
Amount and/or (b) any of the other terms of the Separate Warrant Conditions and/or the 
applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment 
Event, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity 
of the Potential Adjustment Event. 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Events 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased 
Cost of Hedging, Insolvency, De-Listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, and/or 
ETF Event. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner may either: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be 
made to any of the terms of the Warrants to account for the Additional 
Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
(ii) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
the Separate Warrant Conditions. If the Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer 
will pay each Warrantholder the Early Cancellation Amount, in respect of each 
Warrant held by such Warrantholder determined taking into account the 
Additional Disruption Event. Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(iii) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto provided 
that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity 
of the Additional Disruption Event or the proposed action. 
(e) 
Definitions 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
"control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity or person or, if the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate, the power to direct or cause the direction of the 
management and policies of the First Entity, whether by contract, or otherwise. 
"Assessed Value Payment Amount" means, in respect of an ETF Linked Warrant, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the ETF Shares comprised 
in the Share Amount in respect of such ETF Linked Warrant at the relevant time of 
determination of the Assessed Value Payment Amount less the applicable Warrantholder 
Expenses and Exercise Price less the cost to the Issuer and/or Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer. 
"Bloomberg Screen" shall mean, when used in connection with any designated page, 
specified in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms, the display page so designated on 
the Bloomberg service (or such other page as may replace that page on that service, or such 
other service as may be nominated as the information vendor, in all cases for the purpose of 
displaying comparable rates in succession thereto). 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable 
Separate Warrant Final Terms):  
(i) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or  
(ii) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority),  
the Calculation Agent determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
that (i) it has become illegal for any Hedging Party to hold, acquire or dispose of the relevant 
hedge positions relating to the Exchange Traded Fund and/or (ii) any Hedging Party will incur 
a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Warrants (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on the tax position of the Issuer any of its Affiliates or any Hedging Party). 
"Clearance System" means in respect of any security or asset comprised in the ETF the 
principal domestic clearance system customarily used for setting trades in that security or asset 
or the ETF. 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on 
which such Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a settlement disruption event, 
would have been) open for acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Closing Price" means the official closing price of the ETF Share quoted on the Exchange on 
the Initial Valuation Date as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent. 
"De-Listing" means, in respect of the ETF Shares, the Exchange announces that pursuant to 
the rules of such Exchange, such ETF Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) 
and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European 
Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
"Disrupted Day" means any day which is (i) any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred, or (ii) the Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open 
during its regular trading session. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day at one 
hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the 
Exchange or Related Exchange and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into 
the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time that would apply 
to the determination of a Closing Price on such Exchange Business Day. 
"ETF" means (in respect of the ETF Share) an Exchange Traded Fund. 
"ETF Event" means, in respect of the Exchange Traded Fund and/or the ETF Shares in respect 
of such Exchange Traded Fund, the occurrence or existence, at any time, in respect of such 
Exchange Traded Fund or ETF Shares, as the case may be, of any of the following, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
the Exchange Traded Fund is dissolved or the Exchange Traded Fund or ETF Shares 
cease to exist; 
(ii) 
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency or analogous 
proceedings are commenced with respect to the Exchange Traded Fund or a resolution 
is proposed for the winding up or dissolution of the Exchange Traded Fund; 
(iii) 
the Exchange Traded Fund is reclassified, consolidated, amalgamated or merged with 
another fund whose investment objective(s), risk profile and/or investment 
benchmark(s) is or are deemed by the Calculation Agent to be different from the 
investment objective(s), risk profile and/or benchmark(s) that applied to the Exchange 
Traded Fund as at the Trade Date, or a resolution or other decision is proposed to 
effect any such reclassification, consolidation, amalgamation or merger; 
(iv) 
the Exchange Traded Fund consolidates, amalgamates or merges with any other fund 
such that the Exchange Traded Fund is not the continuing entity, the Exchange Traded 
Fund changes its form or a resolution or other decision is proposed to effect any such 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or change; 
(v) 
there is a change or any announcement regarding such change that in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent is material in the investment objective(s), investment restrictions, 
investment process, investment guidelines, risk profile, or investment benchmark(s) of 
the Exchange Traded Fund (howsoever described, including the underlying type of 
assets in which the ETF invests), the information about the Exchange Traded Fund 
disclosed in the Fund Documents, any additional public statement of information 
concerning the Exchange Traded Fund or any rule, law, regulation, similar guideline or 
other document governing the activities of the Exchange Traded Fund or a resolution 
or other decision is proposed to effect any such material change;  
(vi) 
any event occurs which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the solvency or 
liquidity of the Exchange Traded Fund as well as the value of the ETF Shares, 
including, but not limited to, any material litigation concerning the Exchange Traded 
Fund between any holders of the ETF Shares and the Exchange Traded Fund or the 
Exchange Traded Fund and any Fund Service Provider; 
(vii) 
there is any restriction under the constitution of the Exchange Traded Fund or the law 
of the jurisdiction in which the Exchange Traded Fund is incorporated that is likely to 
prevent a Hedging Party subscribing for ETF Shares or as a result of which a Hedging 
Party is likely to be required to redeem any ETF Shares; 
(viii) 
the activities of the Exchange Traded Fund or any Fund Service Provider are placed 
under review by its regulators for reasons of wrongdoing, breach of any rule or 
regulation or similar reason; 
(ix) 
a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the ETF (including 
by way of Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately replaced in such

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; and/or any event occurs 
which causes, or will with the passage of time (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) 
cause, the failure of the ETF and/or any Fund Service Provider to meet or maintain any 
obligation or undertaking under the Fund Documents which failure is reasonably likely 
to have an adverse impact on the value of the ETF Shares or on the rights or remedies 
of any investor therein; 
(x) 
an Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, ETF Shares 
cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any 
reason and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the 
Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union);  
(xi) 
the ETF ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the legislation of 
its relevant jurisdiction, provided that on the relevant Issue Date, the ETF was such an 
undertaking and any such cessation would, in the sole and absolute discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, have a material adverse effect on any investor in such ETF Shares; 
(xii) 
all the shares or all the assets or substantially all the assets of the Exchange Traded 
Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
(xiii) 
any subscription or redemption orders with respect to the ETF Shares are not executed 
as described in the Fund Documents; 
(xiv) 
any suspension or delay of the calculation or publication of the net asset value of the 
Exchange Traded Fund or ETF Shares or any failure by any Fund Service Provider to 
deliver when due any relevant report detailing the net asset value of the Exchange 
Traded Fund; 
(xv) 
the increase of, or introduction by the Exchange Traded Fund of, charges for dealings 
in ETF Shares; or 
(xvi) 
changes in the regulatory, tax, accounting and/or another treatment applicable to the 
Exchange Traded Fund and/or which might reasonably be expected to have an 
economic, legal or regulatory impact on a holder of ETF Shares. 
"ETF Issuer" means, in respect of an Exchange Traded Fund, the entity specified in the 
applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms as the issuer of that Exchange Traded Fund. 
"ETF Share" means, in respect of an Exchange Traded Fund, the share, unit or other interest 
or unit of holding in the ETF Issuer (including, without limitation, any debt security) specified in 
the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms. 
"Exchange" means in respect of the ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such ETF Share in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the principal exchange or quotation system for trading in such ETF Share, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, any successor to such Exchange or quotation system or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETF Share has temporarily 
relocated, provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such ETF Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on 
the original Exchange. 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant 
Exchange and each relevant Related Exchange (if any) in respect of the ETF is open for trading 
during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for ETF Shares on the Exchange, or (B) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant 
ETF Shares on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Exchange Traded Fund" means the fund that is specified in the applicable Separate Warrant 
Final Terms as an ETF.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
"Final Price" means the official closing price of the ETF Share quoted on the Exchange on the 
Final Valuation Date as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent. 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Final Valuation Date in the Separate 
Warrant Final Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining the consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or a 
Disrupted Day occurring on any such day in accordance with these Separate Warrant 
Conditions. 
"Fund Documents" means, in respect of an Exchange Traded Fund, the constitutive and 
governing documents of that Exchange Traded Fund, the prospectus or offering document 
relating to the Exchange Traded Fund and the ETF Shares, and any subscription or other 
agreements of the Exchange Traded Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to the 
Exchange Traded Fund, each as amended from time to time. 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of an Exchange Traded Fund, any person or entity 
from time to time appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, in respect of such 
Exchange Traded Fund, as investment advisor, manager, administrator, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, trustee, registrar, 
domiciliary agent, sponsor, general partner or transfer agent in respect of that Exchange Traded 
Fund. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk, 
including but not limited to the currency risk, of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Warrants, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as determined by Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means, at any relevant time, the Issuer or any Affiliate(s) or any entity (or 
entities) providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the 
Warrants as the Issuer may select at such time. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and 
interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Warrants, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Initial Valuation Date in the applicable 
Separate Warrant Final Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes 
of determining the consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or a 
Disrupted Day occurring on any such day in accordance with these Separate Warrant 
Conditions. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the ETF (i) all 
the ETF Shares of that ETF are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar 
official or (ii) holders of the ETF Shares of that ETF become legally prohibited from transferring 
them. 
"Local Taxes" shall mean taxes, duties and similar charges imposed by the taking authority of 
the country in which the ETF Issuer has been incorporated or in which the Exchange is located. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of the ETF Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of such 
ETF Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such 
ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange of a ETF with or into another entity or person (other than a

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such ETF is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such ETF 
Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding ETF Shares of the ETF that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all such ETF Shares (other than such ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
ETF or its sub-funds with or into another entity in which the ETF is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding but 
results in the outstanding ETF Shares (other than ETF Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of 
the outstanding ETF Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the Merger Date 
is on or before the relevant Settlement Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the ETF Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the ETF 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Offshore Investor" shall mean a holder of ETF Shares who is an institutional investor not 
resident in the country in which the ETF Issuer has been incorporated or in which the relevant 
Exchange is located (the "Local Jurisdiction"), for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations 
of the Local Jurisdiction and, for the avoidance of doubt, whose jurisdiction of residence (i) shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and (ii) may be the jurisdiction of a Hedging Party.  
"Related Exchange" means, each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to the EFF, any successor to any such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating 
to such ETF has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such ETF, on 
such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
"Reuters Screen" shall mean, when used in connection with any designated page, specified in 
the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms, the display page so designated on the Reuters 
Money Market Rate Services or such other services or service as may be nominated as the 
information vendor for the purpose of displaying the specific page on that service or such other 
page as may be replace that page on that service or such other service, in all cases for the 
purpose of displaying comparable rates in succession thereto. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of the Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which the Exchange and each Related Exchange 
(if any) is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
issuing a Disrupted Day would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Cycle" means the period of Clearance System Business Days following a trade in 
the securities underlying the ETF on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Strike Price" means the percentage of the Closing Price specified in the applicable Separate 
Warrant Final Terms. 
"Tender Offer" means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the ETF, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory 
agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in relation to ETF Linked Warrants in the 
applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to 
the ETF Shares on any relevant Exchange(s) or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to 
such ETF Shares on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Performance" means an amount expressed as a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be equal to the official closing price of the ETF Share quoted on the 
Exchange on the Exercise Date as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent divided 
by the Exercise Price. 
"Underlying Option Price" is the price of the underlying option as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as of the Initial 
Valuation Date using a market standard valuation model. 
"Valuation Date" means date(s) specified in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms and 
otherwise in accordance with the above provisions or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the 
Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, 
unless each of the eight consecutive Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Closing Price 
by determining the price of the ETF Share as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Scheduled Closing 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day.  
7. 
Illegality 
The Issuer shall have the right to terminate the Warrants, by giving notice to the Warrantholders 
and any Calculation Agent appointed in relation to the Warrants, if it determines in good faith 
that its performance thereunder has become unlawful in whole or in part as a result of 
compliance in good faith by the Issuer with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, 
judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative or judicial authority or power 
("Applicable Law"). In such circumstances, the Issuer will, however, if and to the extent 
permitted by Applicable Law, cause to be paid to each Warrantholder in respect of each such 
Warrant held by it the Early Cancellation Amount. The Issuer shall notify the Warrantholders of 
the termination in accordance with the procedure set out in Condition 15. Payment will be made 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with the procedures described in Condition 11 or in such 
other manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders.  
"Associated Costs" means, in respect of a Warrant, an amount equal to such Warrant's pro 
rata share of the total amount of any and all Costs associated or incurred by the Issuer, any 
Affiliate and/or Hedging Party (as applicable) in connection with such early cancellation, 
including, without limitation, any Costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing 
and/or incurring any funding relating to the Warrants and any Costs associated with unwinding, 
substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any hedge positions relating to the Warrant, all as 
determined by the Issuer or, if a Calculation Agent has been appointed for the Warrants, the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Costs" means costs, losses, expenses, taxes and/or duties including any applicable 
depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, 
registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties (together with any interest additions 
to tax or penalties applicable thereto and any interest in respect of such additions or penalties). 
"Early Cancellation Amount" means, in respect of a Warrant, the fair market value of such 
Warrant plus any Exercise Price paid in respect of such Warrant, less any Associated Costs, 
as determined by the Issuer or, if a Calculation Agent has been appointed for the Warrants, the 
Calculation Agent as representing the fair market value of such Warrant immediately prior to 
such termination (ignoring any such illegality, in the event of early cancellation due to illegality). 
For the purpose of determining the Early Cancellation Amount for the purpose of Condition 11,

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
no account shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer which shall be presumed to be 
able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Warrants. 
8. 
Purchase by the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Warrants at any price in the open market or by tender or 
private treaty. Any Warrants so purchased will be surrendered for cancellation and may not be 
reissued or resold. 
9. 
Minimum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
If a Minimum Exercise Number is specified in the relevant Terms, the Warrants may not be 
exercised in a number less than the Minimum Exercise Number or such multiples in which such 
Warrants may be exercised in accordance with the relevant Terms. 
10. 
Maximum Exercise of Warrants 
If Warrants are designated in the relevant Terms as "American Style" and a Maximum Exercise 
Number is specified in the relevant Terms, then if following any Exercise Date other than the 
Final Exercise Date the Issuer determines that more than the Maximum Exercise Number of 
Warrants (the "Quota") were exercised on such Exercise Date by a single Warrantholder or a 
group of Warrantholders, then the Issuer may deem the Valuation Date for the first Quota of 
such Warrants exercised by such Warrantholder or group of Warrantholders to be the originally 
applicable Valuation Date for Warrants exercised on such Exercise Date, and the Valuation 
Date for each additional Quota of Warrants (or part thereof, in the case of the last amount) 
exercised by such Warrantholder or group of Warrantholders to be the respective Valuation 
Dates applicable to each succeeding date following such Exercise Date on which such 
Warrants could have been exercised, until all such Warrants exercised on such Exercise Date 
by such Warrantholder or group of Warrantholders have been given a Valuation Date. In any 
case where more than the Quota of Warrants are so exercised on the same day by a 
Warrantholder or group of Warrantholders acting in concert, the order of settlement in respect 
of such Warrants shall be at the discretion of the Issuer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
Issuer may, at any time, in its discretion, accept more than the Quota of Warrants for exercise 
on any Exercise Date.  
11. 
Payments 
Payments of the Cash Settlement Amount and any other amounts due in respect of the 
Warrants shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Warrants at the 
specified office of the Issuer on the Settlement Date by a cheque payable in the currency in 
which such payment is due drawn on, or at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency with, a bank in the principal financial centre for that currency; 
provided that, in the case of payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, the transfer 
shall be to a non-resident Japanese yen account with an authorised foreign exchange bank. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to (i) an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto or (ii) Section 871(m) of the Code 
("871(m) Withholding"). In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed 
with respect to any amounts to be paid on the Warrants, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold 
on any “dividend equivalent” (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the 
highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, 
such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
Payments on the Warrants that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. 
securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are 
reinvested at a rate of 70%. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the 
holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any 
dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the 
relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account 
of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
12. 
Replacement of Warrants 
If a Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Issuer 
or specified office of such agent of the Issuer as may from time to time be designated by the 
Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Warrantholders, in each case 
on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly 
lost, stolen or destroyed Warrant is subsequently presented for exercise or payment, there shall 
be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Warrants) 
and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Warrants must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Issuer's Specified Office and the Calculation Agent 
(a) 
Changes in Specified Office or Calculation Agent 
The specified office of the Issuer is set out at the foot of these Separate Warrant Conditions. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to change its specified office or to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Calculation Agent appointed for the Warrants and to appoint other or 
additional Calculation Agents, provided that there will always be a Calculation Agent (which 
may be the Issuer) where so required by the Terms. Notice of any variation or termination of 
appointment and of any changes in the specified office of the Issuer or Calculation Agent will 
be given to the Warrantholders in accordance with the procedures set out in Condition 15. The 
Calculation Agents are acting solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Warrantholders. 
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
All calculation functions required of the Calculation Agent under these Separate Warrant 
Conditions and any Warrant may be delegated to any such person as the Calculation Agent, in 
its absolute discretion, may decide. 
(c) 
Calculations 
The Calculation Agent shall have no responsibility for errors or omissions in any calculations 
and determinations made hereunder and all such calculations and determinations shall (save 
in the case of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the Warrantholders. 
(d) 
Determinations by the Issuer 
Any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to the Separate Warrant Conditions shall (save 
in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Warrantholders. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Warrantholders to 
create and issue further Warrants so as to form a single series with the Warrants. 
15. 
Notices 
All notices to Warrantholders will be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the Issuer's Website 
(www.bil.com) except that for so long as the Warrants are listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, such notices shall be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or shall be 
published with the general terms and conditions of Deutsche Börse AG (in case of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange) or as otherwise required by the rules of that exchange. If any such publication 
is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English 
language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the date of the first such publication.  
16. 
Taxation 
The Issuer will not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer or exercise of any Warrants.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
17. 
Prescription 
Claims in relation to the Warrants shall become void unless such claims are made within 10 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
"Relevant Date" means the date on which the Cash Settlement Amount or Share Amount, as 
the case may be, first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable or 
the full amount of ETF Shares, as the case may be, has not been duly received by a 
Warrantholder on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys or of the ETF Shares having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
18. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: 
The Warrants, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Luxembourg. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: 
The Courts of Luxembourg are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with any Warrants and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with any Warrants may be brought in such 
courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of Luxembourg and 
waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts whether on the ground of venue or on the 
ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is 
made for the benefit of each of the Warrantholders and shall not limit the right of any of them 
to take Proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings 
in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether 
concurrently or not) to the extent permitted by applicable law.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
PAYOUT CONDITIONS 
These payout conditions (the "Payout Conditions") shall apply to all Products provided that 
each paragraph shall only apply where specified to be applicable in the Final Terms. 
1. 
Yield Enhancement Products 
This paragraph 1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Yield Enhancement Products' in the Final Terms. 
1.1 
Yield Enhancement Products with European Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 1.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all European Barrier Yield 
Enhancement Products. 
Description: Yield Enhancement Products with European Barrier Payout comprise of Products 
which provide a Redemption Amount that is conditional on the occurrence of a Barrier Event, 
which is determined based on the final fixing level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or 
several Underlying(s) within a basket and its position compared to a pre-defined Barrier Level 
(and, if applicable, the occurrence of a lock-in event and /or target one event). If such Barrier 
Event does not occur (or, if applicable, a lock in event occurs and / or a target one event occurs), 
the Redemption Amount may be equal to a predetermined fixed value or, as the case may be, 
the highest recorded performance of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) 
within a basket. If such Barrier Event does occur (or, if applicable, a lock in event does not 
occur and a target one event does not occur), the value of the Redemption Amount will be 
linked to the relevant performance of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) 
within a basket , which may be subject to a cap, floor and / or leverage. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which may be a fixed 
unconditional value paid on the relevant dates, or conditional on the observed level(s) of an 
Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket and its position compared 
to a pre-defined level on pre-determined observation dates. 
In addition, where applicable, the Product may also be automatically redeemed early based on 
the observed level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket and its position compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined observation dates. 
If such an applicable case is realised, a pre-defined Autocall Redemption Amount will be paid, 
which will be equal to a pre-determined value, and may be increased by the relevant 
performance or return of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket, which may be subject to a cap, floor and/or leverage. 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be 
the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount 
and/or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to, respectively, 
paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below, as applicable, PROVIDED THAT if 'Multiple Coupon 
Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, there shall be more than one Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates and either the Conditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (i) 
below), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions (paragraph (ii) below) or the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (iii) below) shall apply to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable):

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are 
specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, and each reference to 'in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions 
(including in respect of each of the definitions required for the Conditional 
Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(ii) 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
If 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Final Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon 
Observation Period falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, 
the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product 
on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect 
of such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Calculated Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual 
Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, these 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, and each 
reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Daily Range 
Accrual Coupon Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions 
required for the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to 
be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(iii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Final Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, these 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, and each 
reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions 
required for such Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to 
be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date or 
any Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), the Conditional Coupon Amount (if 
any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable on the Coupon 
Payment Date scheduled to fall on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
date, the Coupon Payment Date falling most recently prior to the relevant Autocall 
Redemption Date) shall be the final Conditional Coupon Amount or the final Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), then 
unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to 
the Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in 
respect of which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) 
corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be 
redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) 
at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect 
of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), or (vii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
European Barrier 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'European Barrier' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) 
or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable 
on the Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount,  
PROVIDED THAT, if:  
(1) 
'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, and if a Lock-In Event has occurred; or 
(2) 
'Target One Event Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Final Terms, and if a Target One Event has occurred,

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount, 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' 
in the Final Terms and if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' 
in the Final Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount 
determined in accordance with this paragraph 1.1(c)(i)(A) or (B) (as applicable) 
multiplied by FX Performance. 
(ii) 
European Barrier with Return 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'European Barrier with Return' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max ൣ0; Calculation Amount × ൫PP + (DPP × Final Return)൯൧; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × FRP 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.1(c)(ii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(iii) 
European Barrier with Protection 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'European Barrier with Protection' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula 
Calculation Amount × Max [CPP; Final Performance]; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.1(c)(iii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(iv) 
European Barrier with Optimal Tracker 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'European Barrier with Optimal Tracker' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable):

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Highest Recorded Performance 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.1(c)(iv)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied 
by FX Performance. 
(v) 
European Barrier with Inverse Participation 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'European Barrier with Inverse Participation' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in 
the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (IP - Final Performance )]; or 
(2) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Max ൣ0; Calculation Amount × ൫IP + (DPP × Final Performance)൯൧; or 
(3) 
if 'Protection Percentage' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×Max [CPP; (IP −Final Performance)];or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount,  
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.1(c)(v)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(vi) 
European Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'European Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
Calculation Amount × Max ቆ0; IP −Final Performance
IP −Strike Percentageቇ; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount,  
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.1(c)(vi)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied 
by FX Performance. 
(vii) 
European Barrier with Increased Downside Risk 
This paragraph 1.1(c)(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'European Barrier Increased Downside Risk' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (0; Final Performance − PP); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × FRP 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.1(c)(vii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied 
by FX Performance. 
1.2 
Yield Enhancement Products with American Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 1.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all American Barrier Yield 
Enhancement Products. 
Description: Yield Enhancement Products with American Barrier Payout comprise of Products 
that provide a Redemption Amount that is conditional on the occurrence of a Barrier Event, 
which is determined based on the level(s) of an Underlying or a Basket of one or several 
Underlying(s) breaching a pre-defined barrier level, according to an applicable time, during a 
specified observation period (and, if applicable, the occurrence of a lock-in event and /or target 
one event).  If such Barrier Event does not occur, (or if applicable, a lock in event occurs and / 
or a target one event occurs), the Redemption Amount may be equal to a predetermined fixed 
value. If such Barrier Event does occur, (or if applicable, a lock in event does not occur and a 
target one event does not occur), the value of the Redemption Amount will be linked to 
performance of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket , 
which may be subject to a cap, floor and / or leverage. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which may be a fixed 
unconditional value paid on the relevant dates, and / or conditional on the observed level(s) of 
an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket and its position 
compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined observation dates. 
In addition, where applicable, the product may also be automatically redeemed early based on 
the observed level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket and its position compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined observation dates. 
If such an applicable case is realised, a pre-defined Autocall redemption amount will be paid, 
which will be equal to a pre-determined value, and may be increased by the relevant 
performance or return of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket , which may be subject to a cap, floor and / or leverage.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products.  
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be 
the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount 
and/or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to, respectively, 
paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below, as applicable, PROVIDED THAT if 'Multiple Coupon 
Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, there shall be more than one Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates and either the Conditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (i) 
below), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions (paragraph (ii) below) or the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (iii) below) shall apply to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are 
specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, and each reference to 'in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions 
(including in respect of each of the definitions required for the Conditional 
Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(ii) 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
If 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Final Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon 
Observation Period falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, 
the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product 
on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect 
of such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Calculated Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual 
Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, these 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, and each 
reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Daily Range 
Accrual Coupon Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions 
required for the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to 
be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(iii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Final Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, these 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, and each 
reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions 
required for the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to 
be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date or 
any Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), the Conditional Coupon Amount (if 
any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable on the Coupon 
Payment Date scheduled to fall on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such 
date, the Coupon Payment Date falling most recently prior to the relevant Autocall 
Redemption Date) shall be the final Conditional Coupon Amount or the final Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), then 
unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to 
the Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in 
respect of which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
If the Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date shall be the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) corresponding to such final 
Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date 
(which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount 
and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
American Barrier  
This paragraph 1.2(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'American Barrier' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) 
or (B) below (as applicable):

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, either (a) or (b) below (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash 
Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(b) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and 
Residual Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product by (I) delivery of (or 
procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement 
on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash 
Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable 
on the Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount,  
PROVIDED THAT, if:  
(1) 
'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, and if a Lock-In Event has occurred; or 
(2) 
'Target One Event Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' 
in the Final Terms, and if a Target One Event has occurred, 
the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal to the 
Calculation Amount, 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' 
in the Final Terms and if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' 
in the Final Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount 
determined in accordance with this paragraph 1.2(c)(i)(A) or (B) (as applicable) 
multiplied by FX Performance. 
(ii) 
American Barrier with Return 
This paragraph 1.2(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'American Barrier with Return' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (PP + (DPP × Final Return))]; or; 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount,

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.2(a)(ii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(iii) 
American Barrier with Protection 
This paragraph 1.2(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'American Barrier with Protection' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [CPP; Final Performance]; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.2(c)(iii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(iv) 
American Barrier with Inverse Participation  
This paragraph 1.2(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'American Barrier with Inverse Participation' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) below 
(as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (IP −Final Performance)] 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.2(c)(iv)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied 
by FX Performance. 
(v) 
American Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike 
This paragraph 1.2(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'American Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable):

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×Max ቀ0; 
IP − Final Performance
IP − Strike Percentageቁ; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.2(c)(v)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(vi) 
American Barrier with Increased Downside Risk 
This paragraph 1.2(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'American Barrier Increased Downside Risk' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, and: 
(1) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × FRP; or 
(2) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (0; Final Performance −PP); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × FRP 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.2(c)(vi)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied 
by FX Performance. 
1.3 
Yield Enhancement Products Without Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 1.3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Yield Enhancement Without 
Barrier Products. 
Description: Yield Enhancement Products Without Barrier Payout comprise of Products that 
provide a Redemption Amount that is conditional on the occurrence of a Strike Event, which is 
determined based on the final fixing level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several 
Underlying(s) within a basket and its position compared to a pre-defined level. If such Strike 
Event does not occur, the Redemption Amount may be equal to a predetermined fixed value. 
If such Strike Event does occur, the value of the Redemption Amount will be linked to the 
relevant performance of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket , which may be subject to a floor and / or leverage. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which may be a fixed 
unconditional value paid on the relevant dates, and / or conditional on the observed level(s) of

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket and its position 
compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined observation dates. 
In addition, where applicable, the product may also be automatically redeemed early based on 
the observed level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket and its position compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined observation dates. 
If such an applicable case is realised, a pre-defined Autocall redemption amount will be paid, 
which will be equal to a pre-determined value, and may be increased by the relevant 
performance or return of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket , which may be subject to a cap, floor and / or leverage. 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be 
the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount 
and/or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to, respectively, 
paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below, as applicable, PROVIDED THAT if 'Multiple Coupon 
Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, there shall be more than one Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates and either the Conditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (i) 
below), the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions (paragraph (ii) below) or the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (iii) below) shall apply to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are 
specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, and each reference to 'in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions 
(including in respect of each of the definitions required for the Conditional 
Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(ii) 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
If 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Final Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon 
Observation Period falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, 
the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product 
on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable):

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
(A) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect 
of such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Calculated Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Period, the Daily Range Accrual 
Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, these 
Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, and each 
reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Daily Range 
Accrual Coupon Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions 
required for the Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to 
be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(iii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Final Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, these 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, and each 
reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions 
required for the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to 
be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date or 
any Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), the Conditional Coupon Amount (if 
any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable on the Coupon 
Payment Date scheduled to fall on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such 
date, the Coupon Payment Date falling most recently prior to the relevant Autocall 
Redemption Date) shall be the final Conditional Coupon Amount or final Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), then 
unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to 
the Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in 
respect of which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount. 
If the Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date shall be the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) corresponding to such final 
Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date 
(which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount 
and no further amounts shall be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Without Barrier 
This paragraph 1.3(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Without 
Barrier' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) 
or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable):  
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.3(c)(i)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(ii) 
Without Barrier (Inverse) with High Strike 
This paragraph 1.3(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Without 
Barrier (Inverse) with High Strike' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) 
or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max ቀ0; 
IP − Final Performance
IP − Strike Percentageቁ; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.3(c)(ii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
(iii) 
Without Barrier with Downside Participation 
This paragraph 1.3(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'Without Barrier with Downside Participation' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) 
or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) above (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Max ൣ0; Calculation Amount × ൫PP + (DPP ×Final Return)൯൧; 
or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount shall be the amount determined in 
accordance with this paragraph 1.3(c)(iii)(A) or (B) (as applicable) multiplied by 
FX Performance. 
1.4 
Yield Enhancement Products with Stability Note Payout 
This paragraph 1.4 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Stability Note' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Yield Enhancement Products with Stability Note Payout comprise of Products 
that provide a Redemption Amount that is conditional on the occurrence of a Barrier Event, 
which is determined according to whether the return of the Underlying from one observation 
date to the next observation date has ever breached a pre-defined threshold. If such Barrier 
Event does not occur, the Redemption Amount may be equal to a predetermined fixed value. 
If such Barrier Event does occur, the value of the Redemption Amount will equal to a pre-
determined value, reduced by the return of the Underlying between the observation dates that 
triggered the Barrier Event, which may be subject to leverage and / or a pre-defined spread,  In 
this case, the Redemption Amount may be subject to a cap and / or floor. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which may be a fixed 
unconditional value paid on the relevant dates, and / or conditional on the occurrence of the 
Barrier Event. 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be 
the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and/or the Conditional Coupon Amount (if 
any) pursuant to, respectively, paragraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable, PROVIDED 
THAT if 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, there 
shall be more than one Set of Coupon Payment Dates and either the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions (paragraph (i) below) or the Conditional Coupon 
Provisions (paragraph (ii) below) shall apply to each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (as 
specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Final Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, these 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, and each 
reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions 
required for the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to 
be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the 
Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Stability Disruption Barrier Event has not occurred at any time on 
or prior to such Coupon Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon 
Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified 
Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Stability Disruption Barrier Event has occurred at any time on or 
prior to such Coupon Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon 
Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be zero.  
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are 
specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, and each reference to 'in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions 
(including in respect of each of the definitions required for the Conditional 
Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not Applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 'Stability Note' in the Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph 1.4(c)(i) or 1.4(c)(ii) below (as applicable).

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀(0; 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[CP; X + LF × (Relevant SPL + Y)]);  or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount. 
1.5 
Yield Enhancement Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Yield Enhancement Products' in the Final Terms: 
"Autocall Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"American Barrier Yield Enhancement Product" means each Product in respect of which the 
Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified in the Final Terms as any of 'American Barrier', 
'American Barrier with Return', 'American Barrier with Protection', 'American Barrier with 
Inverse Participation', 'American Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike' or 'American 
Barrier with Increased Downside Risk'. 
"Autocall Basket Performance" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Relevant Autocall Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level
 
"Autocall Event" means one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Autocall Observation Period' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, in 
respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event shall be deemed to 
have occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation Date if), either (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in 
the Final Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date; or 
(B) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in 
the Final Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying 
if specified in the Final Terms) on such Autocall Observation Date is 
either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Autocall Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Date; or 
(B) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying 
if specified in the Final Terms) on such Autocall Observation Date is 
either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Autocall Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Date; or 
(C) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) on such Autocall 
Observation Date are either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
in the Final Terms) their respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of 
such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(D) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) on such Autocall 
Observation Date are either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified 
in the Final Terms) their respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of 
such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if 'Autocall Observation Period' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, in 
respect of an Autocall Observation Period (and an Autocall Event shall be deemed to 
have occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation Period if) either (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of any Autocall 
Period Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period is 
either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Period; 
or 
(B) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of any Autocall 
Period Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period is 
either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Period; 
or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying 
if specified in the Final Terms) on any Common Autocall Period 
Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period is either 
(1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Autocall Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Period; or 
(B) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying 
if specified in the Final Terms) on any Common Autocall Period 
Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period is either 
(1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Autocall Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Period; or 
(C) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) on any Common Autocall 
Period Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period 
are either (1) above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) 
their respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Period; or 
(D) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) on any Common Autocall 
Period Observation Date falling in such Autocall Observation Period 
are either (1) below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) 
their respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Period. 
"Autocall Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Autocall Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and:

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
"Autocall Fixing Leveli" means the Autocall Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall 
Period Observation Date (as applicable) and an Underlying, the Level of such Underlying 
specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Autocall Observation Date or such 
Autocall Period Observation Date (as applicable). 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Autocall Observation Period" means, if specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, each 
period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Period Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying 
Trading Day falling in the relevant Autocall Observation Period. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, one of 
the following: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is specified in the 
Final Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum 
of the Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount in respect of such Autocall Redemption Date 
and the Autocall Coupon Amount in respect of such Autocall Redemption Date; or 
(c) 
if 'High Watermark Autocallable' is specified in the Final Terms, an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (MERP; Autocall Basket Performance) 
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of either (a) an Autocall Observation Date on 
which an Autocall Event has occurred or (b) an Autocall Observation Period in respect of which 
an Autocall Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Final Terms that falls 
immediately after such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period 
(as applicable); or

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or an 
Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) and a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to 
the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in respect of 
such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) and an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of 
either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the Strike Level (as specified in the Final Terms) of such 
Underlying as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to 
be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking 
into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of European Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, one of the following (as 
specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C), 
(D), (E), (F) or (G) below (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Final Terms) is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Final Terms) is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(C) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) is either (I) below or (II) 
at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level; or 
(D) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) is either (I) above or (II) 
at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level; or

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
(E) 
the Final Fixing Level of (I) at least one Underlying is either (1) below 
or (2) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level; and (II) none of the Underlyings are either (1) above or (2) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Target Level; or 
(F) 
the Final Fixing Level of (I) at least one Underlying is either (1) above 
or (2) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level; and (II) none of the Underlyings are either (1) below or (2) at or 
below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Target Level; or 
(G) 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the Final 
Terms, a Multichance Barrier Event has occurred; or 
(b) 
in respect of American Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C), 
(D) or (E) below (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying 
if specified in the Final Terms) is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying 
if specified in the Final Terms) is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(C) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the 
Target One Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(D) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying (excluding the 
Target One Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(E) 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the Final 
Terms, a Multichance Barrier Event has occurred; or  
(c) 
in respect of Products for which the Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified as 
'Stability Note' in the Final Terms, the Stability Performance Level is either (A) below 
or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Stability Disruption Barrier 
Percentage on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period 
(such Barrier Event, a "Stability Disruption Barrier Event"). 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and:

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number, 
percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the 
Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Barrier Observation Period.  
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Calculated Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon 
Observation Period immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
Calculation Amount x Coupon Rate i x n
N 
Where: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i" 
relating to Coupon Observation Period "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date and corresponding Coupon Observation Period;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of Exchange Business Days in 
the Coupon Observation Period immediately prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment 
Date on which a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event has occurred. 
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the total number of Exchange Business Days 
during the Coupon Observation Period immediately prior to the Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Common Autocall Period Observation Date" means, in respect of a Product linked to a 
basket of Underlyings and an Autocall Observation Period, each day falling in such Autocall 
Observation Period that is an Autocall Period Observation Date for each of the Underlyings in 
such basket of Underlyings.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
"Common Lock-In Event" means, (and a Common Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and a basket of Underlyings, the Lock-In 
Fixing Level of all Underlying's on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above, (ii) at or 
above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) their respective Lock-In 
Barrier Level in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Conditional Coupon Amount" means, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the amount determined in accordance with paragraphs 1.1(a)(i), 
1.2(a)(i) and 1.3(a)(i) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Conditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraphs 1.1(a)(i), 1.2(a)(i) and 
1.3(a)(i) of these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Coupon Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Coupon Fixing Leveli" means the Coupon Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
(bb) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the 
Coupon Observation Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in 
respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for 
such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying. 
"Coupon Observation Period": means each period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date or Coupon 
Observation Period, one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Final Terms; or

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, each percentage specified as 
such in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and a 
basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of 
such Underlyings as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon 
Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date 
if), one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date 
is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date 
is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms):  
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Final Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) 
above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Final Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) 
below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(iii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; 
or  
(iv) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
each amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the Strike Level 
(as specified in the Final Terms) of such Underlying as specified in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
"CPP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Daily Range Accrual Coupon Amount" means, if 'Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions' 
are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the amount determined in accordance with 
paragraphs 1.1(a)(ii), 1.2(a)(ii) and 1.3(a)(ii) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Daily Range Accrual Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraphs 1.1(a)(ii), 
1.2(a)(ii) and 1.3(a)(ii) of these Payout Conditions, as applicable.  
"Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation 
Period (and a Daily Range Accrual Coupon Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Period if), one of the following as specified in the Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on an Exchange Business Day 
during such Coupon Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Final Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Level in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on an Exchange Business Day 
during such Coupon Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Final Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Level in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Period AND (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Upper Coupon Trigger Level in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Final Terms) on an Exchange Business Day during such 
Coupon Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified 
in the Final Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if 
specified in the Final Terms) on an Exchange Business Day during such 
Coupon Observation Date is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified 
in the Final Terms) the Lower Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Date AND either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified 
in the Final Terms) the Upper Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Period; or 
(iii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) on an Exchange Business Day 
during such Coupon Observation Date are either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Final Terms) their respective Lower Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Period; or  
(iv) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings (excluding the Target One 
Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) on an Exchange Business Day 
during such Coupon Observation Date are either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Final Terms) their respective Lower Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Period AND either (A) below or (B) at 
or below (as specified in the Final Terms) their respective Upper Coupon 
Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Period. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout Conditions. 
"European Barrier Yield Enhancement Product" means products in respect of which the 
Yield Enhancement Product Style is specified in the Final Terms as any of 'European Barrier', 
'European Barrier with Return', 'European Barrier with Protection', 'European Barrier with 
Inverse Participation', 'European Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike' or 'European 
Barrier with Downside Risk'. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying in 
respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in 
the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Final 
Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) 
(iv) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(v) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
 
(vi) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
 
"Final Return" means one of the following as specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the 
relevant formula below in the Final Terms): 
(a) 
for Products linked to a single Underlying, in respect of such Underlying a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
 
(b) 
for Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level(Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
(c) 
for Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
 
"Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date, 
Provided that if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, then the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be multiplied by FX Performance. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 1.1(a)(iii), 
1.2(a)(iii), 1.3(a)(iii) or 1.4(a)(i) of these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"FRP" or "Final Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"FX Performance" means, in respect of any date, a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
FX Rate (t)
FX Rate (Initial) 
"FX Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying and any date, an exchange rate expressed as a 
number of units of the Settlement Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the 
Underlying Currency which appears on the Price Source at FX Rate Valuation Time, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT if the Underlying Currency is the same 
as the Settlement Currency the FX Rate for such Underlying shall be deemed to be 1 (one). 
"FX Rate (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the FX Rate in respect of such Underlying 
and the Final Fixing Date. 
"FX Rate (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the rate specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"FX Rate (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, FX Rate (Initial) in respect of such 
Underlying; or 
(b) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is neither the Initial Fixing Date nor the Final Fixing Date, 
the FX Rate in respect of such Underlying and such Scheduled Trading Day t, provided 
that if Scheduled Trading Day t is a Disrupted Day then the FX Rate in respect of such 
day shall be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and taking into consideration all factors it considers 
appropriate (which may include, amongst other things, the last available published 
rate); or 
(c) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Final Fixing Date, FX Rate (Final) in respect of such 
Underlying. 
"FX Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of the FX Rate and an Underlying, the time 
specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Highest Recorded Performance" means, in respect of an Optimal Tracker Observation Date, 
the highest Underlying Performance observed on any Optimal Tracker Observation Date.  
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Final Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Final Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
෍NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"LF" or "Leverage Factor" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
amount is specified to be indicative, such amount as the Calculation Agent shall determine in 
its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum amount and, if applicable, the maximum amount specified in the Final Terms.  
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in 
respect of such Lock-In Observation Date in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified 
to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below 
or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Lock-In Barrier Level in respect 
of such Lock-In Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
specified in the Final Terms):  
(i) 
a Common Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date and the basket of Underlyings; or 
(ii) 
a Single Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of each Underlying on at least 
one Lock-In Observation Date. The Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred on the first Lock-In Observation Date in respect of which a Single 
Lock-In Event has occurred for all Underlyings. 
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of proviso (1) of paragraph 1.1(c)(i) or 1.2(c)(i) of 
these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Lower Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Period 
and a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
Level of such Underlyings as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Period in the 
Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Lower Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Period and an 
Underlying, each amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the 
Strike Level (as specified in the Final Terms) of such Underlying as specified in respect of such 
Coupon Observation Period in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be 
indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking 
into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"MERP" or "Minimum Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as 
such in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Multichance Barrier Event" means (and a Multichance Barrier Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of European Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, if the Final Fixing Level 
of a number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified Multichance Barrier Number 
of Underlyings are either (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below (as 
specified in the Final Terms) their respective Barrier Levels; or 
(b) 
in respect of American Barrier Yield Enhancement Products, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of a Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period, the 
Barrier Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings are either (i) above, (ii) at or above, 
(iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) their respect 
Barrier Levels; or 
(ii) 
the number of Underlyings in respect of which the Barrier Fixing Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period has been either (i) 
above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Final 
Terms) their respect Barrier Levels is at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings. 
"Optimal Tracker Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided 
in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day.  
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of the FX Rate and an Underlying, the price source, providing 
the relevant price of the FX Rate for such Underlying, specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Relevant Autocall Fixing Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to (a) the Autocall Fixing Basket 
Level corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date in respect of which the Autocall Event 
occurred divided by (b) the Initial Fixing Basket Level. 
"Relevant SPL" or "Relevant Stability Performance Level" means the Stability Performance 
Level in respect of the first Barrier Observation Date in respect of which a Stability Disruption 
Barrier Event has occurred.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Set of Coupon Payment Dates" means one or more Coupon Payment Dates specified in the 
Final Terms as belonging to the same "set" of Coupon Payment Dates. Each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates shall be referred to in the Final Terms as 'Coupon Payment Date Set i' where 
'i' is a number from 1 (one) up to the total number of distinct Sets of Coupon Payment Dates. 
In respect of each Set of Coupon Payment Dates either the Conditional Coupon Provisions or 
the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall be specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Single Lock-In Event" means, (and a Single Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying in a basket of Underlyings, the 
Lock-In Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above, 
(ii) at or above, (iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Lock-In Barrier 
Level for such Underlying in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Final 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate; or 
(b) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Final Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × ቎෍Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
቏ 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Final Terms 
and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date 
on which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date, provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" 
shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date.  
(c) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Layered Memory Coupon' in the Final 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × ቎෍Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
቏ × T 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Final Terms 
and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date;

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date 
on which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date, provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" 
shall be zero;  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date; 
"T" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of times that a 
Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in 
respect of each Coupon Trigger Level;  
(d) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Layered Coupon' in the Final Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formulae: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × T 
IN EACH CASE PROVIDED THAT if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, then the Specified Coupon Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be the 
amount determined in accordance with the formula above (as applicable) multiplied by FX 
Performance. 
"Specified Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings" means the number specified as 
such in the Final Terms. 
"Stability Disruption Barrier Event" has the meaning given to such term in the definition of 
"Barrier Event". 
"Stability Disruption Barrier Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Stability Performance Level" means, in respect of a Barrier Observation Date (the "Relevant 
BOD") and an Underlying, a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
൬
Barrier Fixing Level
Preceding Barrier Fixing Level൰−1 
Where:  
"Preceding Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Relevant BOD and an 
Underlying, the Barrier Fixing Level of such Underlying on the Barrier Observation Date 
immediately preceding the Relevant BOD (or, if the Relevant BOD is the first Barrier 
Observation Date, the Underlying Trading Day immediately preceding the Relevant 
BOD). 
"Strike Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, any of (a), (b) or 
(c) below (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such 
Underlyings as specified in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be 
indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Initial Fixing Basket Level; or 
(c) 
the Strike Basket Level. 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, any of (a), (b) or (c) below (as 
specified in the Final Terms):

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as 
specified in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms; 
or 
(b) 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying; or 
(c) 
the Strike Level of such Underlying. 
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Final Terms) the Strike Barrier Level; 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Final Terms) the Strike Barrier Level; 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or 
(vi) below (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if specified 
in the Final Terms) is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the 
Final Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level (excluding the Target One Underlying if specified 
in the Final Terms) is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the 
Final Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; 
(iii) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) is either (A) below or (B) at or 
below (as specified in the Final Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(iv) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) is either (A) above or (B) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(v) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying of all Underlyings 
(excluding the Target One Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) is either 
(A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its Strike Barrier 
Level; or 
(vi) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying (excluding the Target 
One Underlying if specified in the Final Terms) is either (A) above or (B) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) its Strike Barrier Level. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
"T" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of times that a Coupon 
Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in respect of each 
Coupon Trigger Level. 
"Target Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Target One Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Final Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Target One Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in 
the Final Terms, 
(a) 
each Underlying Trading Day falling in the relevant Target One Barrier Observation 
Period; or 
(b) 
the day(s) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Target One Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"Target One Event" means (and Target One Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), any 
of (a), (b), (c) or (d) below (as specified in the Final Terms):  
(a) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Target One Underlying is (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) 
below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its Target One Barrier Level; 
or 
(b) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) below 
or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Target One Barrier 
Level; or 
(c) 
the Target One Fixing Level of the Target One Underlying is (i) above, (ii) at or above, 
(iii) below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its Target One Barrier 
Level on any Target One Barrier Observation Date; or 
(d) 
the Target One Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is (i) above, (ii) at or above, (iii) 
below or (iv) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Target One 
Barrier Level on any Target One Barrier Observation Date. 
"Target One Fixing Level" means, in respect a Target One Barrier Observation Date and an 
Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Target One Underlying" means, the Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms or if no 
Underlying is specified, not applicable. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Upper Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Period 
and a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level of such Underlyings as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Period in the 
Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Upper Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Period and an 
Underlying, each amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the 
Strike Level (as specified in the Final Terms) of such Underlying as specified in respect of such

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
Coupon Observation Period in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be 
indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking 
into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"X" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Y" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Yield Enhancement Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following 
as specified in the Final Terms: 'European Barrier', 'European Barrier with Return', 'European 
Barrier with Protection', 'European Barrier with Optimal Tracker', 'European Barrier with Inverse 
Participation', 'European Barrier with Inverse Participation and High Strike', 'European Barrier 
with Increased Downside Risk', 'American Barrier', 'American Barrier with Return', 'American 
Barrier with Protection', 'American Barrier with Inverse Participation', 'American Barrier with 
Inverse Participation and High Strike', 'American Barrier with Increased Downside Risk', 
'Without Barrier', 'Without Barrier (Inverse) with High Strike', 'Without Barrier with Downside 
Participation' or 'Stability Note'.  
"Yield Enhancement Without Barrier Product" means Products in respect of which the Yield 
Enhancement Product Style is specified in the Final Terms as either 'Without Barrier', 'Without 
Barrier (Inverse) with High Strike' or 'Without Barrier with Downside Participation'. 
2. 
Twin Win Products 
This paragraph 2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Twin Win Products' in the Final Terms. 
2.1 
Twin Win Products with European Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 2.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all European Barrier Twin Win 
Products. 
Description: Twin Win Products with European Barrier Payout comprise of Products which 
provide a Redemption Amount that is conditional on the occurrence of a Barrier Event, which 
is determined based on the final fixing level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several 
Underlying(s) within a basket and its position compared to a pre-defined Barrier Level. If such 
Barrier Event does not occur, the Redemption Amount is equal to a predetermined fixed value 
that can be increased by either the positive or negative performance or return of the Underlying 
or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket. Such performance may be subject 
to a cap or floor. If such Barrier Event does occur, the value of the Redemption Amount will be 
linked to the performance of the Underlying or the Basket of one or several Underlying(s) within 
a Basket, which may be subject to a floor. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which may be a fixed 
unconditional value paid on the relevant dates, or conditional on the observed level(s) of an 
Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket and its position compared 
to a pre-defined level on pre-determined observation dates. 
In addition, where applicable, the Product may also be automatically redeemed early based on 
the observed level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket and its position compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined observation dates. 
If such an applicable case is realised, a pre-defined Autocall Redemption Amount will be paid.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be 
the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
pursuant to, respectively, paragraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable: 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(ii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Final Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as 
applicable) payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall 
Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling most recently 
prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Conditional Coupon 
Amount or final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable in respect 
of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the 
Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall 
be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with the Twin Win Product Style and paragraph (i) or (ii) 
below (as applicable): 
(i) 
European Barrier (Bullish) 
This paragraph 2.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'European 
Barrier (Bullish)' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery 
Date (as applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount ×(TWP − Final Performance); or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, and 
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(II) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min (Final Performance; CP); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable):  
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date 
in accordance with (I) or (II) below (as applicable): 
(I) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(II) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (Final Performance; FP); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
European Barrier (Bearish) 
This paragraph 2.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'European 
Barrier (Bearish)' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery 
Date (as applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred and:  
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (TWP −Final Performance); or 
(II) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min [(TWP −Final Performance); CP] 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below:  
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined in accordance with (I) or (II) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (IP −Final Performance)]; or 
(b) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (IP −Final Performance; FP); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
with General Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
2.2 
Twin Win Products with American Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 2.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all American Barrier Twin Win 
Products. 
Description: Twin Win Products with American Barrier Payout comprise of Products which 
provide a Redemption Amount that is conditional on the occurrence of a Barrier Event, which 
is determined based on the level(s) of an Underlying or a Basket of one or several Underlying(s) 
breaching a pre-defined barrier level, according to an applicable time, during a specified 
observation period.  If such Barrier Event does not occur, the Redemption Amount is equal to 
a predetermined fixed value that can be increased by either the positive or negative 
performance or return of the Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket . Such performance may be subject to a cap or floor. If such Barrier Event does occur, 
the value of the Redemption Amount will be linked to the performance of the Underlying or the 
Basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, which may be subject to a floor. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which may be a fixed 
unconditional value paid on the relevant dates, or conditional on the observed level(s) of an 
Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket and its position compared 
to a pre-defined level on pre-determined observation dates. 
In addition, where applicable, the product may also be automatically redeemed early based on 
the observed level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket and its position compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined observation dates. 
If such an applicable case is realised, a pre-defined Autocall redemption amount will be paid. 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
 
 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be 
the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount 
pursuant to, respectively, paragraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable: 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
(ii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Final Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount,

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms and if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as 
applicable) payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall 
Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling most recently 
prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Conditional Coupon 
Amount or final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount (as applicable) payable in respect 
of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the 
Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
If the Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date shall be the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be 
redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) 
at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect 
of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with the Twin Win Product Style and paragraph (i) or (ii) 
below (as applicable): 
(i) 
American Barrier (Bullish) 
This paragraph 2.2(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'American Barrier 
(Bullish)' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery 
Date (as applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date in accordance (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (TWP −Final Performance); or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, and: 
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(II) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min (Final Performance; CP); or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below: 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date 
in accordance (I) or (II) below (as applicable): 
(I) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(II) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (Final Performance; FP); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement or Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms and: 
(I) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Amount, which shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(II) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product by (I) delivery of (or procuring 
the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement on the 
Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 
6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if 
any) on the Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
American Barrier (Bearish) 
This paragraph 2.2(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Twin Win Product Style is specified to be 'American Barrier 
(Bearish)' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery 
Date (as applicable) in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred and: 
(I) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount×(TWP −Final Performance); or

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
(II) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min [(TWP −Final Performance);CP] 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below: 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date 
in accordance (I) or (II) below (as applicable): 
(I) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Max [0; Calculation Amount × (IP −Final Performance)]; or 
(II) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max (IP −Final Performance; FP); or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
2.3 
Twin Win Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Twin Win Products' in the Final Terms: 
"American Barrier Twin Win Product" means Products in respect of which the Twin Win 
Product Style is specified in the Final Terms as either 'American Barrier (Bullish)' or 'American 
Barrier (Bearish)'. 
"Autocall Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final 
Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
(ii) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date is either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Final 
Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level on such Autocall Observation Date is either 
(i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level on such Autocall Observation Date is either 
(i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(iii) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date 
are either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
(iv) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date 
are either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Autocall Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Autocall Fixing Leveli" means the Autocall Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, either (a) 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms or (b) if 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is specified in the Final Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount in 
respect of such Autocall Redemption Date and the Autocall Coupon Amount in respect of such 
Autocall Redemption Date.  
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date on which an 
Autocall Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Final Terms that falls 
immediately after such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and a 
basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of 
such Underlyings as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an 
Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as 
specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of European Barrier Twin Win Products, one of the following (as specified in 
the Final Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(C) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) below or 
(II) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level; or 
(D) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) above or 
(II) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of American Barrier Twin Win Products, one of the following as specified in 
the Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below  (as 
specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(C) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) below or 
(II) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in 
the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(D) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) above or 
(II) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in 
the Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the 
Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Conditional Coupon Amount" means, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the amount determined in accordance with paragraphs 2.1(a)(i) 
and 2.2(a)(i) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Conditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 2.1(a)(i) and 2.2(a)(i) 
of these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 15 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Coupon Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Coupon Fixing Leveli" means the Coupon Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, one of the following 
as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, each percentage specified as 
such in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and a 
basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of 
such Underlyings as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon 
Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date 
if), one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date 
is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date 
is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms):  
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level on such Coupon Observation Date is either 
(A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Coupon 
Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level on such Coupon Observation Date is either 
(A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Coupon 
Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(iii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; 
or  
(iv) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
each amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout Conditions. 
"European Barrier Twin Win Product" means Products in respect of which the Twin Win 
Product Style is specified in the Final Terms as either 'European Barrier (Bullish)' or 'European 
Barrier (Bearish)'. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying in 
respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in 
the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Final 
Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) 
(iv) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(v) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
 
(vi) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
 
"Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 2.1(a)(ii) or 
2.2(a)(ii) of these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Final Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Final Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
෍NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Final 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate; or 
(b) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Final Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × ቎෍Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
቏ 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Final Terms 
and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date 
on which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date, provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" 
shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date.  
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Twin Win Event" means, (and a Twin Win Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of 
the following as specified in the Final Terms:

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Initial Fixing Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms):  
(i) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified 
in the Final Terms) the Initial Fixing Basket Level;  
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or 
below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Initial Fixing Level;  
(iii) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (A) below or 
(B) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Initial Fixing 
Level; or 
(iv) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (A) below 
or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Initial Fixing 
Level. 
"Twin Win Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Final Terms: 'European Barrier (Bullish)', 'European Barrier (Bearish)', 'American Barrier 
(Bullish)' or 'American Barrier (Bearish)'. 
"TWP" or "Twin Win Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.  
3. 
Fixed Redemption Products 
This paragraph 3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Fixed Redemption' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Fixed Redemption Products comprise of Products which provide a Redemption 
Amount equal to a predetermined fixed value. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which are conditional on the 
observed level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket 
and its position compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined observation dates. 
In addition, where applicable, the Product may also be automatically redeemed early based on 
the observed level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket and its position compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined observation dates. 
If such an applicable case is realised, a pre-defined Autocall Redemption Amount will be paid. 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
3.1 
Fixed Redemption Products Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, in respect of 
each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling immediately 
prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect of each

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, the Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(ii) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be zero, 
PROVIDED THAT, if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation 
Date, the Coupon Amount (if any) payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the 
relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date 
falling immediately prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the 
Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall 
be payable in respect of such Products.  
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date at the Redemption Amount, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP 
3.2 
Fixed Redemption Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Fixed Redemption Products' in the Final Terms: 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation Date 
is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date are 
either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) their respective 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Final Terms.  
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date on which an 
Autocall Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Final Terms that falls 
immediately after such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an 
Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as 
specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, one of the following 
as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the percentage specified as 
such in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon 
Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date 
if), one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either 
(i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level 
in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date are 
either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) their respective 
Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final 
Terms.  
"PP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Final Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate; or 
(b) 
if 'Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Final Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × ቎෍Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
቏

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date on which 
a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, 
provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the Relevant Coupon Payment 
Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, the 
"Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon Observation 
Date. 
4. 
Protection Products 
This paragraph 4 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Protection Products' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Protection Products comprise of Products which provide a Redemption Amount 
that is conditional on the final fixing level(s) (or specified barrier fixing level) of an Underlying or 
a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket and its position compared to a pre-
defined level. If such level(s) has not triggered the relevant Barrier Event or Strike Event, the 
Redemption Amount is equal to a predetermined fixed value that can be increased by either 
the positive negative performance or return and / or negative performance or return of the 
Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket . Such performance may 
be subject to a cap, floor and / or leverage. If the relevant Barrier Event or Strike Event is 
triggered), the value of the Redemption Amount will be equal to a pre-defined fixed amount. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which are conditional on the 
observed level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket 
and its position compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined observation dates. 
In addition, where applicable, the Product may also be automatically redeemed early based on 
the observed level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket and its position compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined observation dates. 
If such an applicable case is realised, a pre-defined Autocall Redemption Amount will be paid. 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
4.1 
Protection Products Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, in respect of 
each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling immediately 
prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect of each 
Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date, the Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment Date shall be the 
Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(ii) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Coupon Amount payable on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be zero, 
PROVIDED THAT, if an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation 
Date, the Coupon Amount (if any) payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the 
relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date 
falling immediately prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of the Products.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the 
Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall 
be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date 
in accordance with the applicable Protection Product Style and paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), 
(iv) or (v) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
Protection with Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with 
Barrier' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return) 
(ii) 
Protection with Twin Win Payout 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with 
Twin Win' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × Final Return (Inverse)); or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × Final Return) 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (CPP + RCP); or 
(2) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP 
(iii) 
Protection with Twin Win and Low Strike Payout 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with 
Twin Win and Low Strike' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Twin Win Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
CA × Final Return (Inverse); or 
(2) 
if a Twin Win Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
CA × Final Performance 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (CPP + RCP); or 
(2) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP 
(iv) 
Protection with Barrier and Strike Event Payout 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with 
Barrier and Strike Event' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable):

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return) 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (CPP + RCP); or 
(2) 
if 'Rebate' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, 
the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × CPP 
(v) 
Protection with Barrier and Upside Participation 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection with 
Barrier and Upside Participation' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable) (provided that each reference in paragraph (A) or (B) below to "CP" 
shall be construed as "Calculation Amount x CP"): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Min{[(CA ×  PP ×  Final Return)];  CP} or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  CPP; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA ×  Final Performance 
(vi) 
Protection without Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 4.1(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which 'Protection Product Style' is specified to be 'Protection 
without Barrier' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable):

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with (1), (2), (3) or (4) below as applicable: 
(1) 
if 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × CPP); or 
(2) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' and 'Floor' is specified to 
be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Min [(CA × CPP); (CA × CP)]; or 
(3) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' and 'Floor' is 
specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Max [(CA × CPP); (CA × FP)]; or 
(4) 
if both 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Max{Min[(CA × CPP); (CA × CP)]; (CA × FP)} 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with (1), (2), (3) or (4) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula:  
(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return) 
(2) 
if 'Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Min{[(CA × CPP) +(CA × PP × Final Return)]; (CA × CP)}; or 
(3) 
if 'Floor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Max{[(CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return)]; (CA ×FP)}; or 
(4) 
if both 'Cap' and 'Floor' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Max{Min[((CA × CPP) + (CA × PP × Final Return)); (CA ×CP)]; (CA × FP)}

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
4.2 
Protection Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Protection Products' in the Final Terms: 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Final Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms):  
(i) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the 
Final Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation 
Date; or 
(ii) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date 
are either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Final Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final 
Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
(ii) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date 
are either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Final Terms.  
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date on which an 
Autocall Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Final Terms that falls 
immediately after such Autocall Observation Date; or

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an 
Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as 
specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Basket Level" means in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), either (a) or 
(b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Final Terms (and Product is not a 
Protection with Twin Win Product), either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective 
Barrier Level; or 
(C) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above the 
Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period; or 
(D) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) above or 
(II) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in 
the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Final Terms or if Product is a 
Protection with Twin Win Product, either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level; or

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective 
Barrier Level; or 
(C) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below the 
Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period; or 
(D) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) below or 
(II) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Barrier 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in 
the Barrier Observation Period. 
(c) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Absolute' in the Final Terms either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable):  
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) (y) below the Lower 
Barrier Level or (z) at or below the Lower Barrier Level, or (II) (y) above 
the Upper Barrier Level or (z) at or above (as specified in the Final 
Terms) the Upper Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (I) (y) below the 
Lower Barrier Level or (z) at or below the Lower Barrier Level, or (II) 
(y) above the Upper Barrier Level or (z) at or above (as specified in the 
Final Terms) the Upper Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (A), (B) or (C) 
below (as specified in the Final Terms):  
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (I) (y) 
below its respective Lower Barrier Level or (z) at or below its respective 
Lower Barrier Level, or (II) (y) above its respective Upper Barrier Level 
or (z) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Upper 
Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (I) 
(y) below its respective Lower Barrier Level or (z) at or below its 
respective Lower Barrier Level, or (II) (y) above its respective Upper 
Barrier Level or (z) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its 
respective Upper Barrier Level; or 
(C) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) (y) below 
its respective Lower Barrier Level or (z) at or below its respective 
Lower Barrier Level, or (II) (y) above its respective Upper Barrier Level 
or (z) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Upper 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
n
i=1

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, the Level of such Underlying 
specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Bearish Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each 
Underlying in respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the 
Final Terms, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
෍NUCi × ቆIP − 
Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
ቇ
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"IP" means Inverse Percentage; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of 
each Underlying in respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in 
the Final Terms, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × ቆIP − 
Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
ቇ
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"IP" means Inverse Percentage; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i";

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i". 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, one of the following 
as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the percentage specified as 
such in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon 
Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date 
if), either (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Final Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date 
is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; 
or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Final Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date 
is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date 
are either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final 
Terms.  
"CPP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms.  
"Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each Underlying, 
which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
෍NUCi × ቆ
Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
 −Strike Percentageቇ
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms; and  
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, 
on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the 
minimum percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
"Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each 
Underlying, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
෍NUCi × ቆ
Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
 −Strike Percentageቇ
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i"; 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, 
on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the 
minimum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying in 
respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either (a), (b), (c) or (d) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, a percentage calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level 
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a Worst Performing Underlying, a percentage 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(d) 
in respect of Products linked to a Best Performing Underlying, a percentage calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) 
"Final Return" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Final Terms or if Product is a 
Protection with Twin Win Product in the Final Terms, either (i) or (ii) (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A), (B) or (C) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms by replicating the relevant formula in the Final 
Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C), (D) 
or (E) below (as specified in the Final Terms by replicating the relevant formula 
or text in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Initial Fixing Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(D) 
the Final Basket Return; or 
(E) 
the Final Basket Return (Strike). 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Final Terms and if Product is not a 
Protection with Twin Win Product, either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable):  
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below (as 
specified in the Final Terms by replicating the relevant formula in the Final 
Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below (as specified in the Final Terms by replicating the relevant formula 
or text in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
Bearish Final Basket Return; or 
(D) 
Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike). 
(c) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Absolute' in the Final Terms either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable):  
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A), (B) or (C) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms by replicating the relevant formula in the Final 
Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C), 
(D), (E), (F), (G) or (H) below (as specified in the Final Terms by replicating the 
relevant formula or text in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Initial Fixing Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; or

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst))
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(D) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best))
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
; or 
(E) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best))
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
; or 
(F) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level (Best) −Strike Level (Best))
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(G) 
the Final Basket Return; or 
(H) 
the Final Basket Return (Strike), 
PROVIDED THAT, in each case, if Final Return Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Final Terms and the percentage determined in accordance with (a), (b) or (c) (as 
applicable) of this definition of Final Return would be greater than the Final Return Cap 
Percentage, the Final Return will be deemed to be equal to the Final Return Cap 
Percentage. 
"Final Return (Inverse)" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
IP − Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × ቆIP − 
Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
ቇ
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"IP" means Inverse Percentage; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Final Return Cap" will be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Final Return Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Final Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Final Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
෍NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Lower Barrier Level" means the lower barrier level as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Product Direction" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 'Bullish', 'Bearish' or 'Absolute'. 
"Protection Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Final Terms: 'Protection with Barrier', 'Protection with Twin Win', 'Protection with Twin 
Win and Low Strike', 'Protection with Barrier and Strike Event' or 'Protection without Barrier'. 
"Protection with Twin Win Product" means each Product in respect of which 'Protection 
Product Style' is specified to be either 'Protection with Twin Win' or 'Protection with Twin Win 
and Low Strike' in the Final Terms. 
"RCP" or "Rebate Coupon Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Final Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate; or 
(b) 
if 'Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Final Terms, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × ෍ Coupon Ratei
N
i=n+1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Final Terms 
and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date 
on which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date, provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" 
shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date.  
"Strike Barrier Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
amount is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal 
to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Final Terms, either (i) or (ii) (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Final 
Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B) or (C) 
below (as specified in the Final Terms):

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; 
(B) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
(C) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its Strike 
Barrier Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Final Terms, either (i) or (ii) (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final 
Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B) or (C) 
below (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Strike Barrier Basket Level; 
(B) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
(C) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its Strike 
Barrier Level. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.  
"Twin Win Event" means, (and a Twin Win Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of 
the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Initial Fixing Level;  
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Final Fixing Basket Level 
is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Initial Fixing 
Basket Level; 
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Worst Performing Underlying is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the 
Final Terms) the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying; or 
(d) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Best Performing Underlying is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the 
Final Terms) the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Upper Barrier Level" means the upper barrier level as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
5. 
Bonus Products 
This paragraph 5 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Bonus Products' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Bonus Products comprise of Products which provide a Redemption Amount that 
is conditional on the occurrence of a Barrier Event, which is determined based on the level(s) 
of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) breaching a pre-defined Barrier 
Level, according to an applicable time, either during a specified observation period (for 
American Barrier payouts) or on the a specific date (such as the Final Fixing Date, for European 
Barrier payouts). If such Barrier Event does not occur, the Redemption Amount is equal to a 
predetermined fixed value that can be increased by either the positive performance or return 
and/or negative performance or return of the Underlying or a basket of one or several 
Underlying(s) within a basket. Such performance or return may be subject to a floor (notably 
the Bonus Percentage), cap, leverage and/or an adjusted according to the Bonus Percentage. 
If such Barrier Event does occur, the value of the Redemption Amount will be linked to the 
performance or return of the Underlying or the Basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
Basket, which may be subject to a separate floor, cap and/or leverage. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which may be a fixed 
unconditional value paid on the relevant dates, or conditional on the observed level(s) of an 
Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket and its position compared 
to a pre-defined level on pre-determined observation dates. 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
5.1 
Bonus Products Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products. 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be 
the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) and/or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount pursuant to, respectively, paragraph (i) or (ii) below, as applicable, PROVIDED 
THAT if 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, there 
shall be more than one Set of Coupon Payment Dates and either the Conditional 
Coupon Provisions (paragraph (i) below) or the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions 
(paragraph (ii) below) shall apply to each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (as specified 
in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Coupon Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, these 
Conditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates in respect of which 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are 
specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, and each reference to 'in respect 
of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Conditional Coupon Provisions 
(including in respect of each of the definitions required for the Conditional

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to be a reference to 'in respect of each 
Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(ii) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
If 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Final Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon 
Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment Date 
shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount. 
If 'Multiple Coupon Sets' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, these 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall apply separately to each Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates in respect of which 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, and each 
reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date' in the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Provisions (including in respect of each of the definitions 
required for such Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions) shall be deemed to 
be a reference to 'in respect of each Coupon Payment Date in the relevant Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates'. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Bonus Products' in the Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with the relevant Bonus Product Style 
and paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), (vii), (viii) or (ix) below (as applicable):  
(i) 
European Barrier 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier' in 
the Final Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance (Upside), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) is greater than the Upside Cap Percentage, for 
the purposes of this Payout Condition 5.1(c)(i)(A)(2) only, the Final 
Performance (Upside) shall be deemed to be equal to the Upside Cap 
Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
in accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(ii) 
European Barrier with Upside Participation 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier with 
Upside Participation' in the Final Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer 
shall redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable):  
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × UPP × (Final Performance (Upside) − BP)) 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) is greater than the Upside Cap Percentage, for 
the purposes of this Payout Condition 5.1(c)(ii)(A)(2) only, the Final 
Performance (Upside) shall be deemed to be equal to the Upside Cap 
Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
in accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(iii) 
European Barrier with Downside Participation 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier 
with Downside Participation' in the Final Terms. In respect of such Products, 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and:

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance (Upside), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) is greater than the Upside Cap Percentage, for 
the purposes of this Payout Condition 5.1(c)(iii)(A)(2) only, the Final 
Performance (Upside) shall be deemed to be equal to the Upside Cap 
Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
in accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable) 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; 1 + (DPP × (Final Performance (Downside) − 1))] 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(iv) 
European Barrier with Bonus Cap 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'European Barrier 
with Bonus Cap' in the Final Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (2) above (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
in accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(v) 
American Barrier with Upside Participation and Normal Performance 
Participation 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier with 
Upside Participation and Normal Performance Participation' in the Final Terms. 
In respect of such Products the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × OPP × (Final Performance (Upside) − BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Outperformance Upside Cap is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater than the 
Outperformance Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this 
Payout Condition 5.1(c)(v)(A)(2) only, the Final Performance (Upside) 
shall be deemed to be equal to the Outperformance Upside Cap 
Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product in accordance with either paragraph (a) or (b) 
below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash 
Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(b) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and 
Residual Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product by (x) delivery of (or 
procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement 
on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and (y) payment of the Residual Cash 
Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date which shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
(CA × BP) + (CA × NPP × (Final Performance − BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Normal Performance Upside Cap is specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and the Final Performance (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater than the Normal 
Performance Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout 
Condition 5.1(c)(v)(B)(2) only, the Final Performance shall be deemed 
to be equal to the Normal Performance Upside Cap Percentage. 
(vi) 
American Barrier with Upside Participation 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier 
with Upside Participation' in the Final Terms. In respect of such Products the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × UPP × (Final Performance (Upside) − BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) is greater than the Upside Cap Percentage, for 
the purposes of this Payout Condition 5.1(c)(vi)(A)(2) only, the Final 
Performance (Upside) shall be deemed to be equal to the Upside Cap 
Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
in accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (x) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2 and (y) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(vii) 
American Barrier with Upside Participation and Downside Participation 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier 
with Upside Participation and Downside Participation' in the Final Terms. In 
respect of such Products the Settlement Type shall be 'Cash Settlement' and 
the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × UPP × (Final Performance (Upside) − BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Upside Cap is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms and the Final Performance (Upside) (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) is greater than the Upside Cap Percentage, for 
the purposes of this Payout Condition 5.1(c)(vii)(A)(2) only, the Final 
Performance (Upside) shall be deemed to be equal to the Upside Cap 
Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × DPP × (Final Performance (Downside) 
− BP)); or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date which shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(CA × BP) + (CA × NPP × (Final Performance − BP)), 
PROVIDED THAT, if Normal Performance Upside Cap is specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and the Final Performance (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) is greater than the Normal 
Performance Upside Cap Percentage, for the purposes of this Payout 
Condition 5.1(c)(vii)(B)(2) only, the Final Performance shall be 
deemed to be equal to the Normal Performance Upside Cap 
Percentage. 
(viii) 
American Barrier with Bonus Cap 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(viii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier 
with Bonus Cap' in the Final Terms. In respect of such Products the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issue shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
in accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable):

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date 
in accordance with either paragraph (I) or (II) below (as 
applicable); 
(I) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or 
(II) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (x) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2 and (y) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
(ix) 
American Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap 
This paragraph 5.1(c)(ix) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Bonus Product Style is specified as 'American Barrier 
with Upside Cap and Downside Cap' in the Final Terms. In respect of such 
Products the Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred and: 
(1) 
a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Bonus Percentage; or 
(2) 
a Bonus Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min [Final Performance (Upside); CP] 
(B) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product 
in accordance with either paragraph (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date 
in accordance with either paragraph (I) or (II) below (as 
applicable); 
(I) 
if a Bonus Event has not occurred, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max [0; Final Performance (Downside)]; or

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
(II) 
if a Bonus Event has occurred, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Min [Final Performance; CP] 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (x) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2 and (y) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date. 
5.2 
Bonus Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Bonus Products' in the Final Terms: 
"American Barrier Bonus Products" means Products in respect of which the Bonus Product 
Style is specified as either 'American Barrier with Upside Participation and Normal Performance 
Participation', 'American Barrier with Upside Participation', 'American Barrier with Upside 
Participation and Downside Participation', 'American Barrier with Bonus Cap' or 'American 
Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap'.  
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), either (a) or 
(b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Final Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products which are European Barrier Bonus Products, one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or 
(2) below (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(1) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its 
respective Barrier Level; or 
(2) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket 
Level; 
(ii) 
in respect of Products which are American Barrier Bonus Products, one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Barrier Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or 
(2) below (as specified in the Final Terms):  
(1) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
respective Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date for 
such Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or  
(2) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) below or (II) at or 
below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Final Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products which are European Barrier Bonus Products, one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level; or 
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or 
(2) below (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(1) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its 
respective Barrier Level; or 
(2) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket 
Level; 
(ii) 
in respect of Products which are American Barrier Bonus Products, one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Barrier Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or 
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (1) or 
(2) below (as specified in the Final Terms):  
(1) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its 
respective Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date for 
such Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation Period; or  
(2) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (I) above or (II) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the 
Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Bonus Event" means (and a Bonus Event shall be deemed to have occurred if) one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified to be 'Bullish' in the Final Terms, one of the following 
(as specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Final 
Terms) the Bonus Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (1) 
above or (2) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective 
Bonus Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (1) above or (2) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Bonus Basket Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified to be 'Bearish' in the Final Terms, one of the following 
(as specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final 
Terms) the Bonus Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (1) 
below or (2) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective 
Bonus Level; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (1) below or (2) at or below (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Bonus Basket Level. 
"Bonus Basket Level" means an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level as specified in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Bonus Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Final Terms, and if such percentage 
is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
"Bonus Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms.  
"Bonus Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in 
the Final Terms: 'European Barrier', 'European Barrier with Upside Participation', 'European 
Barrier with Downside Participation', 'European Barrier with Bonus Cap', 'American Barrier with 
Upside Participation and Normal Performance Participation', 'American Barrier with Upside 
Participation', 'American Barrier with Upside Participation and Downside Participation', 
'American Barrier with Bonus Cap' and 'American Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap'. 
"BP" means the Bonus Percentage. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"Conditional Coupon Amount" means, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the amount determined in accordance with paragraph 5.1(a)(i) 
of these Payout Conditions. 
"Conditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraphs 5.1(a)(i) of these 
Payout Conditions. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Coupon Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Coupon Fixing Leveli" means the Coupon Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, each percentage specified as 
such in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and a 
basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of 
such Underlyings as specified in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon 
Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date 
if), one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Final Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Coupon Fixing Level 
of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) above or (B) 
at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
(as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level on such Coupon Observation Date is 
either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date; or 
(B) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon 
Observation Date are either (I) above or (II) at or above (as specified 
in the Final Terms) their respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified to as 'Bearish' in the Final Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Coupon Fixing Level 
of the Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either (A) below or (B) 
at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Date; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
(as specified in the Final Terms):  
(A) 
the Coupon Fixing Basket Level on such Coupon Observation Date is 
either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Coupon Trigger Basket Level in respect of such Coupon Observation 
Date; or

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
(B) 
the Coupon Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Coupon 
Observation Date are either (I) below or (II) at or below (as specified 
in the Final Terms) their respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
each amount equal to the percentage of either (a) the Initial Fixing Level or (b) the Strike Level 
(as specified in the Final Terms) of such Underlying as specified in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, 
if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout Conditions. 
"European Barrier Bonus Products" means Products in respect of which the Bonus Product 
Style is specified as either 'European Barrier', 'European Barrier with Upside Participation', 
'European Barrier with Downside Participation' or 'European Barrier with Bonus Cap'. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying in 
respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Final Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms):

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
(E) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(F) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Final Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Strike Level

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
"Final Performance (Downside)" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Final Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Level
 
(E) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(F) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Final Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Leve (Best)l ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
"Final Performance (Upside)" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Final Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable):

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Final Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level
Strike Fixing Level 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP −Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 5.1(a)(ii) of 
these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Final Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Final Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
෍NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"IP" or "Inverse Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"NPP" means the Normal Performance Participation Percentage. 
"Normal Performance Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
"Normal Performance Upside Cap" shall be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' 
in the Final Terms.  
"Normal Performance Upside Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"OPP" means the Outperformance Participation Percentage. 
"Outperformance Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
"Outperformance Upside Cap" shall be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in 
the Final Terms.  
"Outperformance Upside Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms.  
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Set of Coupon Payment Dates" means one or more Coupon Payment Dates specified in the 
Final Terms as belonging to the same "set" of Coupon Payment Dates. Each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates shall be referred to in the Final Terms as 'Coupon Payment Date Set i' where 
'i' is a number from 1 (one) up to the total number of distinct Sets of Coupon Payment Dates. 
In respect of each Set of Coupon Payment Dates either the Conditional Coupon Provisions or 
the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions shall be specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Specified Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Specified Conditional Coupon' in the Final 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate; or 
(b) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Final Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × ቎෍Coupon Rate1
N
i=n+1
቏ 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Final Terms 
and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date 
on which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date, provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" 
shall be zero.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date.  
(c) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Layered Memory Coupon' in the Final 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × ቎෍Coupon Rate1
N
i=n+1
቏ × T 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Final Terms 
and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date 
on which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date, provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" 
shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"T" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of times that a 
Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in 
respect of each Coupon Trigger Level. 
(d) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Layered Coupon' in the Final Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × T 
"Strike Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Strike Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i". 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"T" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the number of times that a Coupon 
Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date in respect of each 
Coupon Trigger Level. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"UPP" means the Upside Participation Percentage. 
"Upside Cap" shall be specified to be 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Upside Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms.  
"Upside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying. 
6. 
Reverse Convertible Products 
This paragraph 6 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Reverse Convertible Product' in the Final Terms.  
Description: Reverse Convertible Products comprise of Products that provide a Redemption 
Amount that is conditional on the final fixing level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or 
several Underlying(s) within a basket, or a spread between two Underlyings, and the position(s) 
compared to a pre-defined strike level. If such Final Fixing Level(s) are above (or at or above, 
as the case may be) this pre-defined strike level, the Redemption Amount may be equal to a 
predetermined fixed value. If such final fixing level(s) are at or below (or just below, as the case 
may be) the pre-defined strike level, the value of the Redemption Amount will be linked to the 
relevant performance of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket or a spread between two Underlyings. This may be subject to a floor. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which will be equal to a fixed 
pre-determined amount that is paid on the relevant dates. This may be calculated according to 
a specified day count fraction. 
In addition, where applicable, the Product may also be automatically redeemed early based on 
the observed level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket, or a spread between two Underlyings, and its position compared to a pre-defined level 
on pre-determined observation dates. If such an applicable case is realised, a pre-defined 
Autocall Redemption Amount will be paid, which will be equal to a pre-determined value. 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
6.1 
Reverse Convertible Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Coupon Accrual' in the Final Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the 
Calculation Period for the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is 
the relevant Coupon Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF; or

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
(ii) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount' in the 
Final Terms, the Coupon Amount shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Coupon Amount payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall 
Redemption Date (or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling immediately 
prior to the relevant Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the 
Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
If the Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on 
the same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall 
be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with the relevant Reverse Convertible 
Product Style and paragraph 6.1(c)(i), 6.1(c)(ii) or 6.1(c)(iii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Single Underlying 
This paragraph 6.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Reverse Convertible Product Style is specified as 'Single 
Underlying' in the Final Terms. In respect of such Products, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is (x) in respect of Products 
for which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par 
Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' in 
the Final Terms, below the Strike Level of the Underlying or (y) in 
respect of Products for which the Redemption Determination Style is 
specified as 'Par Redemption - Above OR Performance Redemption – 
At or Below' in the Final Terms, at or below the Strike Level of the 
Underlying, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with 
(1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
with General Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; 
(B) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (x) in respect of 
Products for which Redemption Determination Style is specified as 
'Par Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' 
in the Final Terms, at or above the Strike Level of the Underlying or (y) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Determination Style 
is specified as 'Par Redemption - Above OR Performance Redemption 
– At or Below' in the Final Terms, above the Strike Level of the 
Underlying, the Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date 
shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
(ii) 
Basket of Underlyings 
This paragraph 6.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in 
respect of which the Reverse Convertible Product Style is specified as 'Basket 
of Underlyings' in the Final Terms. In respect of such Products, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product in accordance with (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is (x) in 
respect of Products for which Redemption Determination Style is 
specified as 'Par Redemption – At or Above OR Performance 
Redemption – Below' in the Final Terms, below the Strike Level of such 
Underlying or (y) in respect of Products for which the Redemption 
Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption - Above OR 
Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the Final Terms, at or below 
the Strike Level of such Underlying, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2 and (2) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; 
(B) 
if the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either 
(x) in respect of Products for which Redemption Determination Style is 
specified as 'Par Redemption – At or Above OR Performance 
Redemption – Below' in the Final Terms, at or above the Strike Level 
of such Underlying or (y) in respect of Products for which the 
Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption - 
Above OR Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the Final Terms, 
above the Strike Level of such Underlying, the Redemption Amount 
payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation 
Amount. 
(iii) 
Spread Underlying 
This paragraph 6.1(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Reverse Convertible Product Style is specified as 
'Spread Underlying' in the Final Terms. In respect of such Products, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Product in accordance with (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
If the Final Spread Level of the Spread Underlying is (x) in respect of 
Products for which Redemption Determination Style is specified as

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
'Par Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' 
in the Final Terms, below the Strike Spread Level of the Spread 
Underlying or (y) in respect of Products for which the Redemption 
Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption – Above OR 
Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the Final Terms, at or below 
the Strike Spread Level of the Spread Underlying, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×
Final Spread Level
Strike Spread Denominator ; or 
(B) 
if the Final Spread Level of the Spread Underlying is either (x) in 
respect of Products for which Redemption Determination Style is 
specified as 'Par Redemption – At or Above OR Performance 
Redemption – Below' in the Final Terms, at or above the Strike Spread 
Level of the Spread Underlying or (y) in respect of Products for which 
the Redemption Determination Style is specified as 'Par Redemption 
– Above OR Performance Redemption – At or Below' in the Final 
Terms, above the Strike Spread Level of the Spread Underlying, the 
Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be equal 
to the Calculation Amount.  
6.2 
Reverse Convertible Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Reverse Convertible Product' in the Final Terms: 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), one of the 
following (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(a) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation Date 
is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
(b) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date are 
either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) their respective 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(c) 
the Spread of the Spread Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation Date is 
either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying; or

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a Spread Underlying, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for either Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next 
following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for both Underlying 1 and 
Underlying 2; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 2.  
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date on which an 
Autocall Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Final Terms that falls 
immediately after such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and: 
(a) 
an Underlying (other than a Spread Underlying), an amount equal to the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be 
indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the 
Final Terms; or  
(b) 
a Spread Underlying, (a) an amount specified as such in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date in the Final Terms or (b) an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Spread Level of such Spread Underlying as specified in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date in the Final Terms, and if such amount or percentage is specified to 
be indicative, such amount or percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in 
its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum amount or percentage and, if applicable, the maximum amount 
or percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)',

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Period" means, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, in respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition of Coupon Period, the "Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date"), the period beginning on (and including) the immediately preceding Coupon 
Payment Date (or if the Relevant Coupon Payment Date is the first Coupon Payment Date, the 
Issue Date) and ending on (but excluding) the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, and, if the Final 
Terms specify that any particular Coupon Period shall be (i) 'Adjusted', then each such Coupon 
Period shall commence on or end on (as applicable) the relevant Coupon Payment Date after 
all adjustments are made (if any) to such Coupon Payment Date in accordance with the 
Conditions, or (ii) 'Unadjusted', then each such Coupon Period shall commence on or end on 
(as applicable) the date on which the relevant Coupon Payment Date is scheduled to fall, 
disregarding any adjustments to such Coupon Payment Date in accordance with the 
Conditions.  
"Coupon Rate" means the per annum rate specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Style" means one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 'Coupon Accrual' 
or 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount'. 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction.  
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of the Payout Conditions. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of the Payout Conditions. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Final Spread Level" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, the Spread in respect of the 
Final Fixing Date.  
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
"Initial Spread Level" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, (a) an amount specified as 
such in the Final Terms, or (b) if none, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Initial Fixing Level of Underlying 1 −Initial Fixing Level of Underlying 2 
"Redemption Determination Style" means one of the following as specified in the Final 
Terms: 'Par Redemption – At or Above OR Performance Redemption – Below' or 'Par 
Redemption - Above OR Performance Redemption – At or Below'. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of the Payout 
Conditions. 
"Reverse Convertible Product Style" means one of the following as specified in the Final 
Terms: 'Single Underlying', 'Basket of Underlyings' or 'Spread Underlying'. 
"Spread" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or Final Fixing Date and a Spread 
Underlying and its related Underlying 1 and Underlying 2, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Level of Underlying 1 −Underlying Level of Underlying 2 
"Spread Underlying" means the Spread calculated by reference to Underlying 1 and 
Underlying 2 and specified as an Underlying in the Final Terms and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
"Strike Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
in the Final Terms, PROVIDED THAT if 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in respect of the Strike Level in the Final Terms, notwithstanding that the Strike 
Level is expressed as a percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in the Final Terms, the Strike 
Level was determined on a date prior to the date on which the Initial Fixing Level is determined. 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Spread Denominator" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, (a) an amount 
specified as such in the Final Terms or (b) an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial 
Spread Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such amount 
or percentage is specified to be indicative, such amount or percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum amount or percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
amount or percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Spread Level" means, in respect of a Spread Underlying, (a) an amount specified as 
such in the Final Terms or (b) an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Spread Level of 
such Underlying as specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such amount or percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such amount or percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum amount or percentage and, if applicable, the maximum amount or 
percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Underlying" has the meaning given to such term in the General Conditions, provided that the 
term "Underlying" shall be construed (where applicable) as including a Spread Underlying 
where specified as an Underlying in the Final Terms. 
"Underlying 1" means the Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Underlying 2" means the Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Underlying Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2 and: 
(a) 
an Autocall Observation Date, the Autocall Fixing Level of such Underlying on such 
Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
a Final Fixing Date, the Final Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Final Fixing Date. 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or Final Fixing Date 
and an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, one of the following as specified in the Final Terms (by 
replicating the relevant formula or text below in the Final Terms): 
(a) 
the Underlying Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Autocall Observation Date or 
Final Fixing Date; 
(b) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
(c) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(d) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying. 
7. 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
This paragraph 7 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Barrier Reverse Convertible Products' in the Final Terms. 
7.1 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 7.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'European Barrier' in the Final 
Terms. 
Description: Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European Barrier Payout comprise of 
Products which provide a Redemption Amount that is conditional on the occurrence of a Barrier 
Event, which is determined based on the final fixing level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one 
or several Underlying(s) within a basket and its position compared to a pre-defined Barrier Level 
(and, if applicable, the occurrence of a Lock-In Event). If such Barrier Event does not occur (or, 
if applicable, a Lock-In Event occurs), the Redemption Amount may be equal to a 
predetermined fixed value. If such Barrier Event does occur (or if applicable, a Lock-In Event 
does not occur), the value of the Redemption Amount will be linked to the relevant performance 
of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which may be a fixed 
unconditional value paid on the relevant dates, or conditional on the observed level(s) of an 
Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket and its position compared 
to a pre-defined level on pre-determined Observation Dates. This amount may be calculated 
according to a Day Count Fraction. 
In addition, where applicable, the Product may also be automatically redeemed early based on 
the observed level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket and its position compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined Observation Dates. 
If such an applicable case is realised, a pre-defined Autocall Redemption Amount will be paid, 
which can be equal to a pre-determined value or, as the case may be, calculated according to 
a Maximum Redemption Percentage. 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment 
Date shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (i) below 
and, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the potential payment of the Conditional Coupon Amount pursuant to 
paragraph (ii) below. 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
The Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product 
on each Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Accrual' in the Final Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula (where the Calculation Period for the purposes of 
determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF;  or 
(B) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount' in the Final Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be the Specified Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the 
Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Conditional Coupon 
Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall 
Observation Date, the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and the 
Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) payable on the Coupon Payment Date 
falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the 
Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant Autocall 
Redemption Date) shall be the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and 
final Conditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the 
Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall 
be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph 7.1(c)(i) or 7.1(c)(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product in 
accordance with either paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance;  or 
(B) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 
5.2 and (II) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the 
Delivery Date; or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
7.2 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier Payout 
This paragraph 7.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'American Barrier' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier Payout comprise of 
Products which provide a Redemption Amount that is conditional on the occurrence of a Barrier 
Event, which is determined based on the level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several 
Underlying(s) breaching a pre-defined Barrier Level, according to an applicable time, during a 
specified Observation Period (and, if applicable, the occurrence of a Lock-In Event). If such 
Barrier Event does not occur (or, if applicable, a Lock-In Event occurs), the Redemption Amount 
may be equal to a predetermined fixed value. If such Barrier Event does occur (or, if applicable, 
a Lock-In Event does not occur), the value of the Redemption Amount will be linked to 
performance of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket, which 
may be subject to a cap. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which may be a fixed 
unconditional value paid on the relevant dates, or conditional on the observed level(s) of an 
Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket and its position compared 
to a pre-defined level on pre-determined Observation Dates. This amount may be calculated 
according to a Day Count Fraction. 
In addition, where applicable, the Product may also be automatically redeemed early based on 
the observed Level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket and its position compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined Observation Dates. 
If such an applicable case is realised, a pre-defined Autocall Redemption Amount will be paid, 
which can be equal to a pre-determined value or, as the case may be, calculated according to 
a Maximum Redemption Percentage. 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment 
Date shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (i) below 
and, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the potential payment of the Conditional Coupon Amount pursuant to 
paragraph (ii) below. 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
The Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product 
on each Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Accrual' in the Final Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula (where the Calculation Period for the purposes of 
determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF;  or

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
 
(B) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount' in the Final Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be the Specified Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the 
Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Conditional Coupon 
Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall 
Observation Date, the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and the 
Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) payable on the Coupon Payment Date 
falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date (or if no such date, the 
Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant Autocall 
Redemption Date) shall be the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and 
final Conditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the 
Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall 
be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph 7.2(c)(i) or 7.2(c)(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(A) 
a Strike Event has occurred, either (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date,

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Final Performance;  or 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (I) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 6.2 and (II) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date; or 
(B) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on 
the Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount; or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be 
equal to the Calculation Amount, 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
7.3 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European Barrier and Participation 
This paragraph 7.3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'European Barrier and Participation' 
in the Final Terms. 
Description: Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European Barrier and Participation 
comprise of Products which provide a Redemption Amount that is conditional on the occurrence 
of a Barrier Event, which is determined based on the Final Fixing Level(s) of an Underlying or 
a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket and its position compared to a pre-
defined barrier level (and, if applicable, the occurrence of a Lock-In Event). If such Barrier Event 
does not occur (or, if applicable, a Lock-In Event occurs), the Redemption Amount may be 
equal to a predetermined fixed value, and may be increased by the relevant performance or 
return of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket. If such 
Barrier Event does occur (or, if applicable, a Lock-In Event does not occur), the value of the 
Redemption Amount will be linked to the relevant performance of an Underlying or a basket of 
one or several Underlying(s) within a basket. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which may be a fixed 
unconditional value paid on the relevant dates, or conditional on the observed level(s) of an 
Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket and its position compared 
to a pre-defined level on pre-determined Observation Dates. This amount may be calculated 
according to a Day Count Fraction. 
In addition, where applicable, the Product may also be automatically redeemed early based on 
the observed level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket and its position compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined Observation Dates. 
If such an applicable case is realised, a pre-defined Autocall Redemption Amount will be paid, 
which can be equal to a pre-determined value or, as the case may be, calculated according to 
a Maximum Redemption Percentage. 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment 
Date shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (i) below 
and, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the potential payment of the Conditional Coupon Amount pursuant 
paragraph (ii) below. 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
The Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product 
on each Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Accrual' in the Final Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula (where the Calculation Period for the purposes of 
determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF; or 
(B) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount' in the Final Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be the Specified Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the 
Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Conditional Coupon 
Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) 
payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date 
(or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant 
Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and 
final Conditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the 
Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall 
be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph 7.3(c)(i) or 7.3(c)(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
(A) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Entitlement 
on the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 6.2 and 
(B) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date 
and 
(C) 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max[0; Final Performance]; or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Max[0; Final Performance]) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
7.4 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier and Participation 
This paragraph 7.4 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'American Barrier and Participation' 
in the Final Terms. 
Description: Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier and Participation 
comprise of Products which provide a Redemption Amount that is conditional on the occurrence 
of a Barrier Event, which is determined based on the level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of 
one or several Underlying(s) breaching a pre-defined Barrier Level, according to an applicable 
time, during a specified observation period (and, if applicable, the occurrence of a Lock-In 
Event). If such Barrier Event does not occur (or, if applicable, a Lock-In Event occurs), the 
Redemption Amount may be equal to a predetermined fixed value, and may be increased by 
the relevant performance or return of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) 
within a basket. If such Barrier Event does occur (or, if applicable, a Lock-In Event does not 
occur), the value of the Redemption Amount will be linked to performance of an Underlying or 
a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket, which may be subject to a cap. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which may be a fixed 
unconditional value paid on the relevant dates, or conditional on the observed level(s) of an 
Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket and its position compared 
to a pre-defined level on pre-determined Observation Dates. This amount  may be calculated 
according to a Day Count Fraction. 
In addition, where applicable, the Product may also be automatically redeemed early based on 
the observed level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket and its position compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined Observation Dates. 
If such an applicable case is realised, a pre-defined Autocall Redemption Amount will be paid, 
which can be equal to a pre-determined value or, as the case may be, calculated according to 
a Maximum Redemption Percentage. 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment 
Date shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (i) below 
and, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
 
Terms, the potential payment of the Conditional Coupon Amount pursuant 
paragraph (ii) below. 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
The Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product 
on each Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Accrual' in the Final Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula (where the Calculation Period for the purposes of 
determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF; or 
(B) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount' in the Final Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be the Specified Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the 
Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Conditional Coupon 
Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) 
payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date 
(or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant 
Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and 
final Conditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of the Products. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the 
Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall 
be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as 
applicable) in accordance with paragraph 7.4(c)(i) or 7.4(c)(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and; 
(A) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
(I) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General 
Condition 6.2 and 
(II) 
payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery 
Date and 
(III) 
by payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption 
Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max[0; Final Performance]; or 
(B) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Max[0; Final Performance]) or; 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Max[0; Final Performance]) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, and if a Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on the 
Redemption Date shall be equal to the Calculation Amount. 
7.5 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with Leverage Downside Payout  
This paragraph 7.5 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is specified as 'Leverage Downside' in the Final 
Terms. 
Description: Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier and Participation 
comprise of Products which provide a Redemption Amount that is conditional on the occurrence 
of a Barrier Event, which is determined based on the level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of 
one or several Underlying(s) breaching a pre-defined barrier level, according to an applicable 
time, either during a specified observation period or on a specified Observation Date (and, if 
applicable, the occurrence of a Lock-In Event). If such Barrier Event does not occur (or, if 
applicable, a Lock-In Event occurs), the Redemption Amount may be equal to a predetermined 
fixed value. If such Barrier Event does occur (or, if applicable, a Lock-In Event does not occur), 
the value of the Redemption Amount will be linked to performance of an Underlying or a basket 
of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket, which may be subject to a leverage factor and 
a cap. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which may be a fixed 
unconditional value paid on the relevant dates, or conditional on the observed level(s) of an 
Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket and its position compared 
to a pre-defined level on pre-determined Observation Dates. This amount  may be calculated 
according to a Day Count Fraction.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
 
In addition, where applicable, the Product may also be automatically redeemed early based on 
the observed level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket and its position compared to a pre-defined level on pre-determined Observation Dates. 
If such an applicable case is realised, a pre-defined Autocall Redemption Amount will be paid, 
which can be equal to a pre-determined value or, as the case may be, calculated according to 
a Maximum Redemption Percentage. 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment 
Date shall be the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount pursuant to paragraph (i) below 
and, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the potential payment of the Conditional Coupon Amount pursuant to 
paragraph (ii) below. 
(i) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
The Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product 
on each Coupon Payment Date shall be determined in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Accrual' in the Final Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula (where the Calculation Period for the purposes of 
determining the Day Count Fraction is the relevant Coupon Period): 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate × DCF;  or 
(B) 
if Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is specified to be 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount' in the Final Terms, the Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount shall be the Specified Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount, 
(ii) 
Conditional Coupon 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms no Conditional Coupon Amounts will be payable in respect of the 
Products. 
If 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, in respect of each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation 
Date falling immediately prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Conditional 
Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on such Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be the Specified Conditional Coupon 
Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Coupon Trigger Event has not occurred in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date, the Conditional Coupon Amount payable on such 
Coupon Payment Date shall be zero. 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of any Autocall Observation Date, the 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and the Conditional Coupon Amount (if any) 
payable on the Coupon Payment Date falling on the relevant Autocall Redemption Date 
(or if no such date, the Coupon Payment Date falling immediately prior to the relevant 
Autocall Redemption Date) shall be the final Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount and 
final Conditional Coupon Amount payable in respect of the Products.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and if the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date, then unless the Products have been previously redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall 
Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date on which the 
Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each 
Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall 
Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall 
be payable in respect of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph 7.5(c)(i) or 7.5(c)(ii) below (as applicable). 
(i) 
if a Barrier Event has occurred and: 
(A) 
a Strike Event has occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which 
shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 [FP; MRP −(Gearing × Leverage Final Performance)];  or 
(B) 
a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount payable on 
the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
Calculation Amount × MRP;  or 
(ii) 
if a Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × MRP 
7.6 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Barrier Reverse Convertible Products' in the Final 
Terms: 
"Autocall Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Event" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Autocall Observation Date if), one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying in respect of such Autocall Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such 
Autocall Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
the Autocall Fixing Level of all Underlyings on such Autocall Observation Date 
are either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) their

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
respective Autocall Trigger Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; 
or 
(ii) 
the Autocall Fixing Basket Level on such Autocall Observation Date are either 
(i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Autocall Trigger 
Basket Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date. 
"Autocall Fixing Basket Level" means an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Autocall Fixing Leveli
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Autocall Fixing Leveli" means the Autocall Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Autocall 
Observation Date. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, either (a) 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms or (b) if 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is specified in the Final Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount in 
respect of such Autocall Redemption Date and the Autocall Coupon Amount in respect of such 
Autocall Redemption Date or (c) if "Autocall Maximum Redemption Percentage" is specified 
in the Final Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the Maximum Redemption Percentage. 
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date on which an 
Autocall Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Final Terms that falls 
immediately after such Autocall Observation Date; or

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and a 
basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of 
such Underlyings as specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Trigger Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date and an 
Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as 
specified in respect of such Autocall Observation Date in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Event" means (and a Barrier Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
specified as 'European Barrier' in the Final Terms, one of the following as specified in 
the Final Terms: 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level; 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified 
in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket Level; or 
(iii) 
the Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or 
below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Barrier Level; or 
(iv) 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the Final Terms, 
a Multichance Barrier Event has occurred; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
specified as 'American Barrier' or 'Leverage Downside' in the Final Terms, one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period; 
(ii) 
the Barrier Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Barrier Basket Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period;  
(iii) 
the Barrier Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at 
or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its respective Barrier Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date for such Underlying falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period; or

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
 
(iv) 
if Barrier Event is specified as 'Multichance Barrier Event' in the Final Terms, 
a Multichance Barrier Event has occurred. 
"Barrier Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Barrier Fixing Leveli
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Barrier Fixing Leveli" means the Barrier Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Barrier Observation Date and an Underlying, the 
Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading Day 
falling in the relevant Barrier Observation Period. 
"Barrier Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 'European Barrier', 'American Barrier', 'European 
Barrier and Participation', 'American Barrier and Participation' or 'Leverage Downside'. 
"Cap" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Common Lock-In Event" means, (and a Common Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and a basket of Underlyings, the Lock-In 
Fixing Level of all Underlying's on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) their respective Lock-In Barrier Level in respect of such 
Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Conditional Coupon Amount" means, if 'Conditional Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the amount determined in accordance with paragraph 7.1(a)(ii), 
7.2(a)(ii), 7.3(a)(ii), 7.4(a)(ii) or 7.5(a)(ii)(as applicable) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Conditional Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of paragraph 7.1(a)(ii), 7.2(a)(ii), 
7.3(a)(ii), 7.4(a)(ii) or 7.5(a)(ii) of these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"CP" or "Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Period" means, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, in respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition of Coupon Period, the "Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date"), the period beginning on (and including) the immediately preceding Coupon 
Payment Date (or if the Relevant Coupon Payment Date is the first Coupon Payment Date, the 
Issue Date) and ending on (but excluding) the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, and, if the Final 
Terms specify that any particular Coupon Period shall be (i) 'Adjusted', then each such Coupon 
Period shall commence on or end on (as applicable) the relevant Coupon Payment Date after 
all adjustments are made (if any) to such Coupon Payment Date in accordance with the 
Conditions, or (ii) 'Unadjusted', then each such Coupon Period shall commence on or end on 
(as applicable) the date on which the relevant Coupon Payment Date is scheduled to fall, 
disregarding any adjustments to such Coupon Payment Date in accordance with the 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Rate" means one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of the Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions, the per annum rate specified 
as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
in respect of the Conditional Coupon Provisions, the percentage specified as such in 
the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms.  
"Coupon Trigger Event" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date (and a Coupon 
Trigger Event shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of such Coupon Observation Date 
if), one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Coupon Trigger Level in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date; or

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, the Coupon Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings on such Coupon Observation Date are either (i) above or (ii) at or above 
(as specified in the Final Terms) their respective Coupon Trigger Level in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Date. 
"Coupon Trigger Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in 
respect of such Coupon Observation Date in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Long)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Long Underlying in respect of 
the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Short)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Short Underlying in respect of 
the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (a) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as specified in 
the Final Terms: (by replicating the relevant formula below in the Final Terms) 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Underlying Performance (Long)–  Underlying Performance (Short);  or 
(iv) 
the Final Return; or

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula or text below in the 
Final Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(iii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(iv) 
the Final Return (Worst). 
"Final Return" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
100% +
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
 
"Final Return (Worst)" means the Final Return of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount determined in accordance with paragraph 7.1(a)(i), 7.2(a)(i), 7.3(a)(i), 7.4(a)(i) or 
7.5(a)(i) (as applicable) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Provisions" means the amount payable on a Coupon Payment 
Date as determined in accordance with paragraph 7.1(a)(i), 7.2(a)(i), 7.3(a)(i), 7.4(a)(i) or 
7.5(a)(i) (as applicable) of these Payout Conditions. 
"Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style" means one of the following as specified in the Final 
Terms: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Accrual' or 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount'. 
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such percentage 
is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking int account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Final Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Final Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
 
෍NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Long)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Long Underlying in respect 
of the Initial Fixing Date. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Short)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Short Underlying in respect 
of the Initial Fixing Date. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"Leverage Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Strike Level −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula or text below in the 
Final Terms): 
(i) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Strike Fixing Basket Level −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level
; or 
(ii) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Strike Level (Worst) −Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in 
respect of such Lock-In Observation Date in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified 
to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, 
taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the 
minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Lock-In Barrier Level in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (i) or (ii) below (as 
specified in the Final Terms):  
(i) 
a Common Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date and the basket of Underlyings; or

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
 
(ii) 
a Single Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of each Underlying on at least 
one Lock-In Observation Date. The Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred on the first Lock-In Observation Date in respect of which a Single 
Lock-In Event has occurred for all Underlyings.  
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Lock-In Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of proviso (1) of paragraph 7.1(c) or 7.2(c), 7.3(c) 
or 7.4(c) of these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Long Underlying" means the Underlying specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Final Terms. 
"Multichance Barrier Event" means (and a Multichance Barrier Event shall be deemed to have 
occurred if), one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with European Barrier, if the Final 
Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified Multichance 
Barrier Number of Underlyings are either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the 
Final Terms) their respective Barrier Levels; or 
(b) 
in respect of Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier, either (i) or 
(ii) below (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of a Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period, the 
Barrier Fixing Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings are either (i) below or (ii) at or 
below (as specified in the Final Terms) their respect Barrier Levels; or 
(ii) 
the number of Underlyings in respect of which the Barrier Fixing Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier Observation Period has been either (i) 
below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) their respect Barrier 
Levels is at least equal to the Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings. 
"MRP" or "Maximum Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Short Underlying" means the Underlying specified as the 'Short Underlying' in the Final 
Terms. 
"Single Lock-In Event" means, (and a Single Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
if), in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying in a basket of Underlyings, the 
Lock-In Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above 
or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Lock-In Barrier Level for such Underlying 
in respect of such Lock-In Observation Date. 
"Specified Conditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one 
of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as Specified Conditional Coupon in the Final 
Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Coupon Rate; or 
(b) 
if 'Conditional Coupon Style' is specified as 'Memory Coupon' in the Final Terms, an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × ൥෍Coupon Ratei
𝑁𝑁
𝑖𝑖=n+1
൩ 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Payment Date specified in the Final Terms 
and: 
"Coupon Ratei" means the Coupon Rate in respect of Coupon Payment Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Coupon Payment 
Date;  
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the last Coupon Payment Date 
on which a Specified Coupon Amount was paid (if any) preceding the Relevant Coupon 
Payment Date, provided that if there are no Coupon Payment Dates preceding the 
Relevant Coupon Payment Date prior to the Relevant Coupon Payment Date, then "n" 
shall be zero.  
"N" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date (for the purposes of this definition, 
the "Relevant Coupon Payment Date"), the number of the current Relevant Coupon 
Observation Date.  
"Specified Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date, the amount specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Coupon Payment 
Date. 
"Specified Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings" means the number specified as 
such in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal 
to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Strike Barrier Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (i) below or 
(ii) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified 
in the Final Terms) its Strike Barrier Basket Level. 
"Strike Fixing Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal 
to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying.  
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"Underlying Performance (Long)" means, in respect of a Long Underlying, a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Long) −Initial Fixing Level (Long)
Initial Fixing Level (Long)
 
"Underlying Performance (Short)" means, in respect of a Short Underlying, a percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Short)-Initial Fixing Level (Short)
Initial Fixing Level (Short)
 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying. 
8. 
Tracker Products 
This paragraph 8 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Tracker Product' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Tracker Products comprise of Products which provide a payout linked to the 
performance of an Underlying or basket of Underlyings. This performance or payout may be 
adjusted to account for specified management fees and/or the dividiends of the relevant 
Underlying(s) being re-invested or accumulated and/or, in the case of Composite FX payout 
versions, adjusted to account for changes in the FX Rate between the product currency and 
the currency of the relevant Underlying(s). The performance may also be subject to a high 
watermark or specified lock-in provisions. These products may contain provisions that permit 
the issuer and/or the investor to trigger the redemption of the products according to pre-
specified conditions. 
Note that any product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have not been 
previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
8.1 
Tracker Product Redemption Style 
(a) 
Fixed Term

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
 
Subject to early redemption pursuant to (i) or (ii) below (if applicable) or otherwise, each 
Product for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Fixed Term' in the Final 
Terms will have a scheduled Final Fixing Date (subject to adjustment for Scheduled 
Trading Days and Disrupted Days) and a scheduled Redemption Date (subject to 
adjustment for Business Days) specified in the Final Terms. 
(i) 
Issuer's Call Option (Fixed Term) 
If Issuer Call Option is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, unless 
the Investor has already given notice of the exercise of its Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term) or the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled, the Issuer may exercise its option to redeem all (but not some 
only) of the outstanding Products on any Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
Exercise Date by giving not less than the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
Notice Period notice prior to such Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise 
Date to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). Such 
notice (the "Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice") shall 
specify the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date in respect of which 
the Issuer intends to exercise its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) and shall 
designate a Final Fixing Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if an Investor has already given notice of the 
exercise of its applicable Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) prior to the day on 
which the Issuer gives notice of the exercise of its Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term), no such Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) may be exercised in respect 
of such Product and such Product shall be redeemed in accordance with (ii) 
below. 
(ii) 
Investor's Put Option (Fixed Term) 
If Investor Put Option is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, unless 
the Issuer has already given notice of the exercise of its Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed Term) or the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Investor exercising its 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) in respect of such Security on any Investor 
Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date by giving notice to the Paying Agent 
not less than the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period prior to such 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date in such form as the Paying 
Agent may approve, redeem such Products on the Redemption Date for such 
Products. Such notice (the "Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Notice") shall specify the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date in 
respect of which the Investor is exercising its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term).  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer has already given notice of the 
exercise of its applicable Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) prior to the day on 
which the Investor gives notice of the exercise of its Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term), no such Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) may be exercised in respect 
of such Product and such Product shall be redeemed in accordance with (i) 
above. 
(b) 
Open Ended 
Each Product for which the Redemption Style is specified to be Open Ended in the 
Final Terms shall only be redeemed upon (a) the Issuer exercising its Issuer Call Option 
(Open Ended) in accordance with Payout Condition 8.1(b)(i) below or (b) the Investor 
exercising its Investor Put Option (Open Ended) in accordance with Payout Condition 
8.1(b)(ii) below. Upon the exercise of either the Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) or the 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended), the Final Fixing Date and the Redemption Date 
shall be determined in accordance with the respective definition thereof. 
(i) 
Issuer's Call Option (Open Ended) 
Unless the Investor has already given notice of the exercise of its Investor Put 
Option (Open Ended) or the Products have been previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, the Issuer may exercise its option to redeem all (but 
not some only) of the outstanding Products on any Issuer Call Option (Open

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
 
Ended) Exercise Date by giving not less than the Issuer Call Option (Open 
Ended) Notice Period notice prior to such Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) 
Exercise Date to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices). Such notice (the "Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Notice") shall specify the Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date in 
respect of which the Issuer intends to exercise its Issuer Call Option (Open 
Ended) and shall designate a Final Fixing Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if an Investor has already given notice of the 
exercise of its Investor Put Option (Open Ended) prior to the day on which the 
Issuer gives notice of the exercise of its Issuer Call Option (Open Ended), no 
such Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) may be exercised in respect of such 
Product and such Product shall be redeemed in accordance with (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Investor's Put Option (Open Ended) 
Unless the Issuer has already given notice of the exercise of its Issuer Call 
Option (Open Ended) or the Products have been previously redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Investor 
exercising its Investor Put Option (Open Ended) in respect of such Security on 
any Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date by giving notice to the 
Paying Agent not less than the Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Notice 
Period prior to such Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date in such 
form as the Paying Agent may approve, redeem such Products on the 
Redemption Date for such Products. Such notice (the "Investor Put Option 
(Open Ended) Redemption Notice") shall specify the Investor Put Option 
(Open Ended) Exercise Date in respect of which the Investor is exercising its 
Investor Put Option (Open Ended). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Issuer has already given notice of the 
exercise of its Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) prior to the day on which the 
Investor gives notice of the exercise of its Investor Put Option (Open Ended), 
no such Investor Put Option (Open Ended) may be exercised in respect of such 
Product and such Product shall be redeemed in accordance with (i) above. 
8.2 
Tracker Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Tracker Product' in the Final Terms (and no Coupon 
Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Tracker Product' in the Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date in accordance with the 
relevant Tracker Product Style and the corresponding paragraph from 8.2(c)(i) to 
8.2(c)(xxv) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Single Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the 
Settlement Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Final) × FFL

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Final) × MAX [Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
(A) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula above (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(ii) 
Single Underlying with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the 
Settlement Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Initial) × FFL] + Accumulated Dividends 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Initial) × MAX [Highest Lock-
- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]] + Accumulated Dividends; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
(A) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula above (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(iii) 
Single Underlying with Quanto FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and no Dividends' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × Final Fixing Level 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]; 
and

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
(A) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula above (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(iv) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption 
Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Final 
Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Initial) × FFL × FX Rate (Final)]
+ Accumulated Dividends 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Initial) × MAX[Highest Lock-
- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL] × FX Rate (Final)] + Accumulated Dividends; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
(A) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula above (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(v) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends 
Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Final 
Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Final) × FFL × FX Rate (Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W (Final) × MAX[Highest Lock-
- In Barrier Level × IFL;  FFL] × FX Rate (Final)]; and 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
(A) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula above (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
 
'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(vi) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × Final Fixing Level × FX Rate (Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level ×
IFL; FFL] × FX Rate (Final)]; AND 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
(A) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula above (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(vii) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units) Payout  
This paragraph 8.2(c)(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units)' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × Final Fixing Level × FX Rate (Final)] −[AMF (Final)
−𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴 (𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹)] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Units (Final) × MAX[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]
× FX Rate (Final)] −AMF (Final) −𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴 (𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹) 
(viii) 
Single Underlying with no FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(viii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with no FX and no Dividends' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × Final Fixing Level 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level ×
IFL; FFL]; AND 
FURTHER PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to 
be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to 
(A) the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula above (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(ix) 
Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units) Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(ix) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × Final Fixing Level] −AMF (Final) −APF (Final) 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Lock-In Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, and if one or more Lock-In Events have occurred, the Redemption 
Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Units (Final) × MAX[Highest Lock- In Barrier Level × IFL; FFL]] −
AMF (Final) −APF (Final) 
(x) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(x) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the 
Settlement Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Final) × MAX[High Watermark Level; FFL] 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in 
accordance with the formula above. 
(xi) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and 
Dividends at Redemption Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Dividends 
at Redemption' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the 
Settlement Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Initial) × MAX[High Watermark Level; FFL]] + Accumulated Dividends 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in 
accordance with the formula above. 
(xii) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and 
no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and no 
Dividends' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX[High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level] 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xiii) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption 
Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xiii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Final 
Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Initial) × MAX[High Watermark Level; FFL]  
× FX Rate(Final)] + Accumulated Dividends 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xiv) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xiv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Final Terms.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × W(Final) × MAX[High Watermark Level; FFL] × FX Rate(Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xv) 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX[High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level] × FX Rate(Final)] 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above. 
(xvi) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
(Notional Units) Payout  
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xvi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × MAX[High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level] × FX Rate(Final)] - AMF(Final) - APF (Final) 
(xvii) 
Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with no FX and no 
Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xvii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with no FX and no Dividends' in 
the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × MAX[High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level] 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above (as applicable) multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not 
Applicable' in the Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as 
determined in accordance with the formula above.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
 
(xviii) Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with no FX (Notional 
Units) Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xviii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with no FX (Notional Units)' in 
the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (Final) × MAX[High Watermark Level; Final Fixing Level]] - AMF(Final) - APF (Final) 
(xix) 
Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption 
Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xix) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the 
Settlement Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ෍[W (Initial)𝑖𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖𝑖+ Accumulated Dividends𝑖𝑖]
n
𝑖𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final 
Terms and: 
"Accumulated Dividendsi" means the Accumulated Dividends in 
respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of 
Underlying "i";  
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an 
Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in 
the Final Terms; and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in 
accordance with the formula above. 
(xx) 
Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends 
Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xx) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Final 
Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
(notwithstanding that the Underlying Currency may be different to the 
Settlement Currency) determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ෍(W (Final)𝑖𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖𝑖)
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final 
Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of 
Underlying "i";  
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an 
Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in 
the Final Terms; and 
"W (Final)i" means W (Final) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in 
accordance with the formula above. 
(xxi) 
Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xxi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Quanto FX and no Dividends' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ෍(W (Initial)𝑖𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖𝑖)
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final 
Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of 
Underlying "i";  
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an 
Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in 
the Final Terms; and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in 
accordance with the formula above. 
(xxii) 
Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Reinvestment of 
Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xxii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ෍(W (Final)𝑖𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖𝑖× FX Rate (Final)𝑖𝑖)
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final 
Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of 
Underlying "i"; 
"FX Rate (Final)i" means the FX Rate (Final) in respect of Underlying 
"i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an 
Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in 
the Final Terms; and 
"W (Final)i" means W (Final) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in 
accordance with the formula above. 
(xxiii) Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption 
Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xxiii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption' in the Final 
Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker)
× ෍[W (Initial) × Final Fixing Level𝑖𝑖× FX Rate (Final)𝑖𝑖+ Accumulated Dividends𝑖𝑖]𝑖𝑖
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final 
Terms and: 
"Accumulated Dividendsi" means the Accumulated Dividends in 
respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of 
Underlying "i"; 
"FX Rate (Final)i" means the FX Rate (Final) in respect of Underlying 
"i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an 
Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in 
the Final Terms; and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i".

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in 
accordance with the formula above. 
(xxiv) Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xxiv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends' in the Final Terms.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ෍(W (Initial)𝑖𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖𝑖 × FX Rate (Final)𝑖𝑖)
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final 
Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of 
Underlying "i";  
"FX Rate (Final)i" means the FX Rate (Final) in respect of Underlying 
"i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an 
Underlying; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in 
the Final Terms; and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall remain as determined in 
accordance with the formula above. 
(xxv) 
Basket of Underlyings with no FX and no Dividends Payout 
This paragraph 8.2(c)(xxv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Tracker 
Products in respect of which 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings with no FX and no Dividends' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Tracker) × ෍(W (Initial)𝑖𝑖× Final Fixing Level𝑖𝑖)
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final 
Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level in respect of 
Underlying "i";  
"i" means a unique integer from one (1) to n, each representing an 
Underlying;

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in 
the Final Terms; and 
"W (Initial)i" means W (Initial) in respect of Underlying "i". 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(A) 
if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to (A) the amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula 
above multiplied by (B) the Management Fee Multiplier. For the 
avoidance of doubt, if 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified to be 
'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms the Redemption Amount shall 
remain as determined in accordance with the formula above. 
8.3 
Tracker Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Tracker Product' in the Final Terms: 
"AMF (Final)" means AMF (t) in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"AMF (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the accrued management fees in 
respect of the Product and such Scheduled Trading Day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, zero (0); or 
(b) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with either (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if 'Management Fee Style' is specified to be 'Product Value Style' in the Final 
Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
AMF (t −1) + [Value (t −1) × MF × Day Count (t)]; or 
(ii) 
if 'Management Fee Style' is specified to be 'Calculation Amount Style' in the 
Final Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
AMF (t −1) + ൫MF × Calculation Amount × Day Count (t)൯, 
PROVIDED THAT, following the adjustment of Units (t) on a Tracker Observation Date (in 
accordance with (c) of the definition Units (t)) AMF (t) shall be reset to zero in respect of each 
Scheduled Trading Day falling prior to such Tracker Observation Date. 
"AMF (t-1)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, AMF (t) in respect of the Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"Accumulated Dividends" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to the aggregate of each Dividend Amount (FX) in respect of 
such Underlying and each Dividend Payment Day.  
"APF (Final) " means APF (t) in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"APF (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the accrued performance fees in 
respect of the Product and such Scheduled Trading Day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, zero (0); or 
(b) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
APF (t −1) + {PF × MAX[0;  Value (t −1) −Watermark (t −1)]}; or 
PROVIDED THAT, following the adjustment of Units (t) on a Tracker Observation Date (in 
accordance with (c) of the definition Units (t)) APF (t) shall be reset to zero in respect of each 
Scheduled Trading Day falling prior to such Tracker Observation Date.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
 
"APF (t-1) " means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, APF (t) in respect of the Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"Conversion Ratio (Tracker)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified as 
such in the Final Terms. 
"Day Count (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the number calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to (a) the total number of calendar days falling between such 
Scheduled Trading Day t and the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day divided by (b) 
360. 
"Dividend Amount" means, in respect of a Dividend Payment Day and an Underlying, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Final Terms, the total amount of net dividends 
(rounded to the nearest four decimal places, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) a 
Hypothetical Investor would receive on such Dividend Payment Day if such 
Hypothetical Investor held a number of such Underlying equal in number to the W 
(Current) in respect of such Dividend Payment Day and such Underlying; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption', 'Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Dividends at Redemption', 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at 
Redemption' or 'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption' 
in the Final Terms, the total amount of net dividends (rounded to the nearest four 
decimal places, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards) a Hypothetical Investor would 
receive on such Dividend Payment Day if such Hypothetical Investor held a number of 
such Underlying equal in number to the W (Initial) in respect of such Underlying. 
"Dividend Amount (FX)" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Dividend Payment Day, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Dividend Amount × FX Rate 
"Dividend Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Dividend Reinvestment 
Day, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such 
Dividend Reinvestment Day. 
"Dividend Payment Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, either (a) or (b) below (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is specified as 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' in the Final Terms, each calendar day falling in the period 
from (but excluding) the Initial Fixing Date for such Underlying to (and including) the 
day falling 5 Scheduled Trading Days prior to Final Fixing Date for such Underlying; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Tracker Product Style is 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption', 'Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Dividends at Redemption', 'Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at 
Redemption' or 'Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption' 
in the Final Terms, each calendar day falling in the period from (but excluding) the Initial 
Fixing Date for such Underlying to (and including) the Final Fixing Date for such 
Underlying. 
"Dividend Reinvestment Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Scheduled Trading 
Day falling in the period from (but excluding) the day falling 5 Scheduled Trading Days after the 
Initial Fixing Date for such Underlying to (and including) the Final Fixing Date for such 
Underlying.  
"FFL" means Final Fixing Level.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
 
"Final Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Fixed Term' in 
the Final Terms, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Final Terms 
or if 'Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term)' or 'Investor Put Option (Fixed Term)' is 
specified to be applicable in the Final Terms, then in respect each Product for 
which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) or the 
Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) (as applicable), the 
day specified as the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
Redemption Notice or in the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption 
Notice, respectively and as the case may be, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(A) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the 
Final Fixing Date in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Final 
Terms, or if 'Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term)' or 'Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term)' is specified to be applicable in the Final Terms, then in 
respect each Product for which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call 
Option (Fixed Term) or the Investor has exercised its Investor Put 
Option (Fixed Term) (as applicable), the day specified as the Final 
Fixing Date in the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice 
or in the Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice, 
respectively and as the case may be, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(B) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of 
the Final Fixing Date in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Final 
Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if 'Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term)' or 'Investor Put Option (Fixed Term)' is specified to be 
applicable in the Final Terms, then in respect each Product for which 
the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) or the 
Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) (as 
applicable), the day specified as the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer Call 
Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Notice or in the Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term) Redemption Notice, respectively and as the case may 
be, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be Open Ended 
in the Final Terms, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect each Product for which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call 
Option (Open Ended), the day specified as the Final Fixing Date in the Issuer 
Call option (Open Ended) Redemption Notice; or 
(ii) 
in respect of each Product for which the Investor has exercised its Investor Put 
Option (Open Ended), the number of Scheduled Trading Days (as specified in 
the Final Terms) following the day on which the Paying Agent has received the 
duly completed and signed Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Notice, 
PROVIDED THAT, in each case, such date shall be adjusted in accordance with either 
paragraph (a)(i) or (a)(ii) of this definition of Final Fixing Date. 
"First Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Final Terms, and if

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"FX Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying and any date, an exchange rate expressed as a 
number of units of the Settlement Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the 
Underlying Currency which appears on the Price Source at approximately the Tracker FX Rate 
Valuation Time, as determined by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT if the Underlying 
Currency is the same as the Settlement Currency the FX Rate for such Underlying shall be 
deemed to be 1 (one). 
"FX Rate (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the FX Rate in respect of such Underlying 
and the Final Fixing Date. 
"FX Rate (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the rate specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"FX Rate (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, FX Rate (Initial) in respect of such 
Underlying; or 
(b) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is neither the Initial Fixing Date nor the Final Fixing Date, 
the FX Rate in respect of such Underlying and such Scheduled Trading Day t, provided 
that if Scheduled Trading Day t is a Disrupted Day then the FX Rate in respect of such 
day shall be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and taking into consideration all factors it considers 
appropriate (which may include, amongst other things, the last available published 
rate); or 
(c) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Final Fixing Date, FX Rate (Final) in respect of such 
Underlying. 
"Hedging Entity" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions. 
"Hedge Unwind Costs (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, 
any costs associated with the unwinding of any transaction(s) or asset(s) held by a Hedging 
Entity that the Calculation Agent deems are no longer required to hedge the risk of performing 
the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products exposure to such Underlying on Scheduled 
Trading Day t. 
"High Watermark Level" means, the highest observed High Watermark Fixing Level on any 
High Watermark Observation Date falling in the High Watermark Observation Period. 
"High Watermark Fixing Level" means, in respect of a High Watermark Observation Date and 
an Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"High Watermark Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying 
Trading Day falling in the relevant High Watermark Observation Period. 
"High Watermark Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Highest Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of any Lock-In Observation Date, and 
following the occurrence of a Lock-In Event, the highest Lock-In Barrier Level reached on this 
date and such Lock-In Barrier Level will be recorded as the new Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, 
as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical investor located in the same jurisdiction as the 
Calculation Agent. 
"IFL" means Initial Fixing Level. 
"Increment Percentage" means a percentage specified in the Final Terms by which the Lock-
In Barrier Level will increase following each occurrence of a Lock-In Event. 
"Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the 
Final Terms, each Business Day falling after the Issue Date.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
 
"Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period" means the period specified as such in the 
Final Terms, which in the event that the Products are cleared by Euroclear, the period shall be 
of a minimum of 5 Businesss Days. 
"Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date" means, the number of Business Days 
following the Final Fixing Date as specified in the Final Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls 
on different dates for different Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest of 
such dates to occur. 
"Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the 
Final Terms, each Business Day falling after the Issue Date. 
"Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption Notice Period" means the period specified 
as such in the Final Terms, which in the event that the Products are cleared by Euroclear, the 
period shall be of a minimum of 5 Businesss Days. 
"Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption Date" means, the number of Business Days 
following the Final Fixing Date as specified in the Final Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls 
on different dates for different Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest of 
such dates to occur. 
"Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Exercise Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the 
Final Terms, each Business Day falling after the Issue Date. 
"Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Notice Period" means the period specified as such in the 
Final Terms, which in the event that the Products are cleared by Euroclear, the period shall be 
of a minimum of 5 Businesss Days. 
"Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) Redemption Date" the number of Business Days following 
the Final Fixing Date as specified in the Final Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls on different 
dates for different Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest of such dates 
to occur. 
"Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Exercise Date" means, unless specified otherwise in the 
Final Terms, each Business Day falling after the Issue Date. 
"Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Notice Period" means the period specified as such in the 
Final Terms, which in the event that the Products are cleared by Euroclear, the period shall be 
of a minimum of 5 Businesss Days. 
"Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption Date" the number of Business Days following 
the Final Fixing Date as specified in the Final Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls on different 
dates for different Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest of such dates 
to occur. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Lock-
In Fixing Level of the Underlying on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) the First Lock-In Barrier Level or any of the higher Lock-
In Barrier Levels compared to the last recorded Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, as reasonably 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying specified as the First Lock-In Barrier Level in the 
Final Terms or, following the occurrence of each Lock-In Event, the First Lock-In Barrier Level 
or any previously reached Highest Lock-In Barrier Level in each case as increased by the 
Increment Percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of proviso (1) of paragraphs 8.2(c)(i) to 8.2(c)(ix)of 
these Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"MF" or "Management Fee" means the per annum rate specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
 
"Management Fee Deduction" shall be specified as either Applicable or Not Applicable in the 
Final Terms. 
"Management Fee Multiplier" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(1 −Management Fee) t 365
ൗ
 
Where: 
"Management Fee" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms; and 
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (but excluding) the 
Initial Fixing Date to (and including) the Final Fixing Date. 
"Performance Fee Deduction" shall be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in 
the Final Terms. 
"Performance Fee" or "PF" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the price source, providing the relevant price 
of the FX Rate for the Products, specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Redemption Date" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Fixed Term' in 
the Final Terms, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
the date specified as such in the Final Terms (subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Final 
Terms); or 
(ii) 
the number of Business Days following the Final Fixing Date as specified in 
the Final Terms or if the Final Fixing Date falls on different dates for different 
Underlyings, the number of Business Days following the latest of such dates 
to occur. 
PROVIDED that if: 
(A) 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, in respect of each Product for which the Issuer has 
exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term), the Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed Term) Redemption Date; and 
(B) 
Investor Put Option (Fixed Term) is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, in respect of each Product for which the Investor has 
exercised its Investor Put Option (Fixed Term), the Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term) Redemption Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Redemption Style is specified to be 'Open Ended' 
in the Final Terms, one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect each Product for which the Issuer has exercised its Issuer Call 
Option (Open Ended), the Issuer Call Option (Open Ended) Redemption Date; 
or 
(ii) 
in respect of each Product for which the Investor has exercised its Investor Put 
Option (Open Ended), the Investor Put Option (Open Ended) Redemption 
Date. 
"Redemption Style" means one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: Fixed Term 
or Open Ended. 
"Related Dividend Amount" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Dividend Reinvestment 
Day, the Dividend Amount in respect of such Underlying and Dividend Payment Day falling 5 
Business Days prior to such Dividend Reinvestment Day. 
"Tracker Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, the Level specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
"Tracker Fixing Level (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, 
one of the following (as applicable):

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
 
(a) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, the Initial Fixing Level of such 
Underlying; or 
(b) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is neither the Initial Fixing Date nor the Final Fixing Date, 
the Tracker Fixing Level in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t and such Underlying, 
provided that if Scheduled Trading Day t is a Disrupted Day then the Tracker Fixing 
Level in respect of such day shall be the level determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and taking into 
consideration all factors it considers appropriate (which may include, amongst other 
things, the last available published level); or 
(c) 
if Scheduled Trading Day t is the Final Fixing Date, the Final Fixing Level of such 
Underlying. 
"Tracker FX Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of an FX Rate, the time specified as 
such in the Final Terms. 
"Tracker Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each date specified as such 
in the Final Terms. 
"Tracker Product" means each Product in respect of which 'Payout Style' is specified to be 
'Tracker Product' in the Final Terms. 
"Tracker Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Final Terms: Single Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends, Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption, Single Underlying with Quanto FX 
and no Dividends, Single Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption, Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends, Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and no Dividends, Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units), Single 
Underlying with no FX and no Dividends, Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units), Basket 
of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption, Basket of Underlyings with 
Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends, Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and no 
Dividends, Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends, Basket 
of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption, Basket of Underlyings with 
Composite FX and no Dividends or Basket of Underlyings with no FX and no Dividends. 
"Units (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, Units (t) in respect of the Initial Fixing Date, 
which shall be the number specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Units (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, Units (t) in respect of such Underlying and 
the Final Fixing Date. 
"Units (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, the units of such 
Underlying in respect of such day as calculated in accordance with one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t is the Initial Fixing Date, Units (Initial); or 
(b) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date and is not a Tracker 
Observation Date, Units (t-1); or 
(c) 
if such Scheduled Trading Day t falls after the Initial Fixing Date and is a Tracker 
Observation Date, the units for such Underlying shall be adjusted on such day in 
accordance with either (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)' and 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' 
in the Final Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Units (t −1) −ቆ
AMF (t)
Units Fixing Level (t) −FX Rate (t)ቇ; or 
(ii) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
 
Units (t −1) −ቆ
AMF (t)
Units Fixing Level (t)ቇ 
(iii) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite FX 
(Notional Units)' and 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' 
in the Final Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Units (t −1) −ቆ
APF (t)
Units Fixing Level (t) −FX Rate (t)ቇ; or 
(iv) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Units (t −1) −ቆ
APF (t)
Units Fixing Level (t)ቇ 
PROVIDED THAT that, if two or more of the above are applicable then the amount in 
each of (i) or (ii) and (iii) or (iv) (as applicable) shall be deducted. 
"Units (t-1)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, Units (t) in 
respect of the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"Units Fixing Level (t)" means, in respect of an Underlying and Scheduled Trading Day t, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Tracker Fixing Level (t) −Hedge Unwind Costs (t) 
"Value (t)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, either (a), (b), (c) or (d) below (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t) × FX Rate (t)] −AMF (t); or 
(b) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' 
and 'Management Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t)] −AMF (t) 
(c) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional 
Units)' and 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t) × FX Rate (t)] −APF (t); or 
(d) 
if 'Tracker Product Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)' 
and 'Performance Fee Deduction' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Units (t) × Tracker Fixing Level (t)] −APF (t) 
"Value (t-1)" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, Value (t) in respect of the 
Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day t. 
"Watermark (t - 1) " means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t, the highest observed Value 
(t) on any Scheduled Trading Day from, and including, the Initial Fixing Date to, and including, 
the second Scheduled Trading Day falling prior to Scheduled Trading Day t, provided that: 
(a) 
Watermark (t - 1) on the Initial Fixing Date shall equal Watermark (t - 1) on the first 
Scheduled Trading Day following the Initial Fixing Date (as determined in (b) below); 
and

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
 
(b) 
Watermark (t - 1) on the Initial Fixing Date shall equal Watermark (t - 1) on the first 
Scheduled Trading Day following the Initial Fixing Date shall be an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
[Initial Fixing Level × (1 + Hurdle Rate)] 
Where "Hurdle Rate " means the rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"W (Current)" means, in respect of an Underlying and: 
(a) 
each Dividend Payment Day falling in the period from (but excluding) the Initial Fixing 
Date to (and including) the day falling 5 Business Days after the Initial Fixing Date, W 
(Initial) in respect of such Underlying; and 
(b) 
each other day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the 
sum of (a) W (Initial) in respect of such Underlying plus (b) W (Sum of Reinvested 
Dividends) in respect of such Underlying and such day. 
"W (Dividend Reinvestment Day)" means, in respect of a Dividend Reinvestment Day and an 
Underlying, the number (rounded to the nearest four decimal places, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards) of such Underlying the Hypothetical Investor could purchase with the 
Related Dividend Amount in respect of such Underlying and such Dividend Reinvestment Day 
at the Dividend Fixing Level for such Underlying and such Dividend Reinvestment Day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Related Dividend Amount
Dividend Fixing Level
 
"W (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
as being equal to the sum of (a) W (Initial) plus (b) W (Final Sum of Reinvested Dividends). 
"W (Final Sum of Reinvested Dividends)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the W (Sum 
of Reinvested Dividends) in respect of such Underlying and the Final Fixing Date. 
"W (Initial)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the amount specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
"W (Sum of Reinvested Dividends)" means, in respect of an Underlying and any day, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the aggregate of the W 
(Dividend Reinvestment Day) in respect of such Underlying and each Dividend Reinvestment 
Day falling on or prior to such day. 
9. 
Dual Currency Products 
This paragraph 9 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Products in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the 
Final Terms. 
9.1 
Dual Currency Products with Upside in Investment Currency Payout  
This paragraph 9.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Products in respect of which the Dual Currency Product Style is specified as 'Upside in 
Investment Currency' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Dual Currency Products with Upside in Investment Currency Payout comprise of 
Products that provide a Redemption Amount that is conditional on the occurrence of a Strike 
Event, which is determined based on the Final Fixing Level of an Underlying currency exchange 
rate and its position compared to a pre-defined level. If such Strike Event occurs, the 
Redemption Amount is equal to a predetermined fixed value in the Investment Currency, which 
may include a pre-specified coupon amount (calculated according to an applicable Day Count 
Fraction). If such Strike Event does not occur, the value of the Redemption Amount will be the 
predetermined fixed value, including the pre-specified coupon amount, but converted into the 
Alternative Currency at the Strike Level of the Underlying currency exchange rate. 
Note that these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have not been 
previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Final Terms (and no 
Coupon Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products), PROVIDED THAT the 
Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall include an amount 
reflecting a coupon accruing from the Issue Date to the Redemption Date. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date 
in accordance with paragraph 9.1(c)(i) or 9.1(c)(ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Investment Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
CA + (CA × Coupon Rate × DCFDCN); or 
(ii) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Alternative Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:  
[CA + (CA × Coupon Rate × DCFDCN)] × Strike Level 
9.2 
Dual Currency Products with Upside in Alternative Currency Payout  
This paragraph 9.2 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Currency Exchange Rate 
Linked Products in respect of which the Dual Currency Product Style is specified as 'Upside in 
Alternative Currency' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Dual Currency Products with Upside in Alternative Currency Payout comprise of 
Products that provide a Redemption Amount that is conditional on the occurrence of a Strike 
Event, which is determined based on the Final Fixing Level of an Underlying currency exchange 
rate and its position compared to a pre-defined level. If such Strike Event does not occur, the 
Redemption Amount is equal to a predetermined fixed value in the Investment Currency, which 
may include a pre-specified coupon amount (calculated according to an applicable day count 
fraction). If such Strike Event does occur, the value of the Redemption Amount will be the 
predetermined fixed value, including the pre-specified coupon amount, but converted into the 
Alternative Currency at the strike level of the Underlying currency exchange rate. 
Note that these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have not been 
previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Final Terms (and no 
Coupon Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products), PROVIDED THAT the 
Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall include an amount 
reflecting a coupon accruing from the Issue Date to the Redemption Date. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Alternative Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
 
[CA + (CA × Coupon Rate × DCFDCN)]
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Investment Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula:  
CA + (CA × Coupon Rate × DCFDCN) 
9.3 
Dual Currency Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Dual Currency Products' in the Final Terms: 
"Alternative Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"Coupon Rate" means the per annum rate specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms.  
"DCFDCN" means the Day Count Fraction specified in the Final Terms in respect of which the 
Calculation Period shall be the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding), 
the Redemption Date. 
"Dual Currency Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms: 'Upside in Investment Currency' or 'Upside in Alternative 
Currency'. 
"Investment Currency" means the investment currency specified as such in the Final Terms.  
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is either (i) below, (ii) at or below (iii) above or (iv) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Strike Level. 
"Strike Level" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
the currency exchange rate specified as such in the Final Terms, being (if so specified 
in the Final Terms) the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the Final 
Terms; or 
(b) 
a rate equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if 
applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT if 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 'Applicable' in respect of the 
Strike Level in the Final Terms, notwithstanding that the Strike Level is expressed as a 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in the Final Terms, the Strike Level was determined on a 
date prior to the date on which the Initial Fixing Level is determined. 
10. 
Discount Products 
This paragraph 10 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Discount Product' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Discount Products comprise of Products that provide a Redemption Amount that 
is conditional on the occurrence of a Strike Event, which is determined based on the Final Fixing 
Level an Underlying and its position compared to a pre-defined cap level. If such Strike Event 
does not occur, the Redemption Amount will be equal to a predetermined value. If such Strike 
Event does occur, the value of the Redemption Amount will be linked to the relevant 
performance of the applicable Underlying. 
Note that the product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have not been 
previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled.

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
 
10.1 
Discount Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Discount Product' in the Final Terms (and no 
Coupon Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Discount Product' in the Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(A) 
'Downside Settlement Type' is specified as 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level x Conversion Ratio (Discount); or 
(B) 
'Downside Settlement Type' is specified as 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by (1) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the 
Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance with General Condition 
5.2 and (2) payment of the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the 
Delivery Date; or 
(ii) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Issuer redeem each Product by payment 
of the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, which shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Cap Level x Conversion Ratio (Discount) 
PROVIDED THAT if 'FX Performance' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, then the 
Redemption Amount payable on the Redemption Date shall be the relevant cash amount 
determined in accordance with (i) or (ii) above (as applicable) converted into the Settlement 
Currency by multiplying such amount by FX Rate (Final). 
10.2 
Discount Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Discount Product' in the Final Terms: 
"Cap Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Conversion Ratio (Discount)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified as 
such in the Final Terms. 
"Delivery Date" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Discount Products" means Products in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to be 
'Discount Product' in the Final Terms. 
"Entitlement" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout Conditions.

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
 
"FX Rate (Final)" means, in respect of an Underlying and the Final Fixing Date for such 
Underlying, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Settlement Currency (or 
fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the Underlying Currency which appears on the Price 
Source at approximately the FX Rate Valuation Time on the Final Fixing Date, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT if the Underlying Currency is the same as the 
Settlement Currency the FX Rate (Final) for such Underlying shall be deemed to be 1 (one). 
"FX Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of the FX Rate (Final) and an Underlying, the 
time specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of the FX Rate (Final) and an Underlying, the price source, 
providing the relevant price of the FX Rate (Final) for such Underlying, specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Residual Cash Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is below the Cap Level; or 
(b) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is at or below the Cap Level. 
11. 
Leverage Products 
This paragraph 11 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Leverage Product' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Leverage Products comprise of Products that provide a Redemption Amount that 
is directly linked to the performance, return or level of an Underlying or a basket of one or 
several Underlying(s) within a basket relative to a pre-defined strike level. This performance, 
return, or level may be subject, where applicable, to a cap and/or leverage factor and/or high 
watermark level and/or the highest lock-in level observed. Such amounts may be dependent 
on certain conditions, based on the Leverage Product Style. 
These products may also pay Coupon Amount(s) (if applicable), which linked to the 
performance, return or level of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within 
a basket relative to an observed high watermark level. 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled.

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
 
11.1 
Leverage Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products.  
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, in respect of 
each Coupon Payment Date and the Coupon Observation Date falling immediately 
prior to such Coupon Payment Date, the Coupon Amount payable in respect of each 
Product on such Coupon Payment Date shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴 × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 ൤0; 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿−𝐻𝐻𝐻𝐻𝐻𝐻ℎ 𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊𝑊 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝑔𝑔 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿
൨ 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Leverage Products. 
Notwithstanding that the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Leverage Products, Mini 
Future Products may be redeemed prior to their scheduled Redemption Date in 
accordance with paragraph 11.1(c)(vii)(A) or 11.1(c)(viii)(A) below (as applicable) if a 
Stop Loss Event occurs in respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, as described 
below. 
(c) 
Redemption Provisions 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with the Leverage Product Style and 
paragraph (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), (vii) or (viii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Call Warrant Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant 
Product' in the Final Terms. 
Description; Call Warrant Products provide a Redemption Amount linked to 
the relevant performance, return or level of an Underlying or a basket of one 
or several Underlying(s) within a basket above a pre-defined Strike Level, 
provided that such performance or return is at or above the predefined strike 
level. This may be subject to a cap and/or leverage factor. If such performance, 
return or level is below the pre-defined Strike Level, the Redemption Amount 
will be zero. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
(which may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying,  
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × Final Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
; 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant)×(Final Fixing Level -Strike Level);

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms and if the amount determined 
in accordance with the formula in 11.1(c)(i)(A)(1)(b) above is 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the 
purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(i)(A)(1)(b) only, the 
Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum 
Redemption Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be zero (0).  
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Final 
Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount ×PP × 
Final Basket Fixing Level -Strike Basket Level
Initial Basket Fixing Level
 ; 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Final Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Final Basket Fixing Level-Strike Basket Level); or 
(c) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Final 
Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)-Strike Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; 
(d) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Final Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant)×(Final Fixing Level (Worst)-Strike Level (Worst));or 
(e) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Final 
Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount ×PP × 
Final Fixing Level (Best)-Strike Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
; 
(f) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Final Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Final Fixing Level (Best) - Strike Level (Best)); 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms and if the amount determined 
in accordance with the formula in 11.1(c)(i)(B)(1)(f) above is 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the 
purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(i)(B)(1)(f) only, the 
Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum 
Redemption Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be zero (0).  
(ii) 
Call Warrant Products with Lock-In Feature 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant 
Product with Lock-In Feature' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Call Warrant Products with Lock-In Feature provide a 
Redemption Amount linked to the relevant performance, return or level of an 
Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket (floored 
at the highest applicable lock-in barrier level observed) above a pre-defined 
Strike Level, provided that such performance or return is at or above the 
predefined Strike Level. This may be subject to a cap and/or leverage factor. 
If such performance, return or level is below the predefined Strike Level, but a 
Lock-In Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount will be the value of the 
highest applicable Lock-In Barrier level observed in excess of the Strike Level. 
If such performance, return or level is below the predefined Strike Level and a 
Lock-In Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount will be zero. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
(which may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(1) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
CA × PP × (MAX [Highest Lock˗In Barrier Level; Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing level] −Strike Level); 
(2) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
CR (Warrant) × MAX[(Highest Lock˗In Barrier Level × IFL −Strike Level); (FFL −Strike Level)]; 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms and if the amount determined 
in accordance with the formula in 11.1(c)(ii)(A)(2) above is 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the 
purposes 
of 
this 
paragraph 11.1(c)(ii)(A)(2) 
only, 
the 
Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum 
Redemption Amount; or 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred and if: 
(1) 
a Lock-In Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Final 
Terms: 
Calculation Amount × PP ×(Highest Lock˗In Barrier Level −Strike Level);

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Highest Lock˗In Barrier Level × Initial Fixing Level −Strike Level); 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms and if the amount determined 
in accordance with the formula in 11.1(c)(ii)(B)(1)(b) above is 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the 
purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(ii)(B)(1)(b) only, the 
Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum 
Redemption Amount; OR, 
(2) 
a Lock-In Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be zero (0). 
(iii) 
Call Warrant Products with High Watermark Redemption 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(iii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Warrant 
Product with High Watermark Redemption' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Call Warrant Products with High Watermark Redemption provide 
a Redemption Amount linked to the relevant performance, return or level of an 
Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket above 
a pre-defined Strike Level, provided that such performance or return is at or 
above an observed high watermark level. If such performance, return or level 
is below the high watermark level, the Redemption Amount will be zero. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
(which may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 'Observation Dates' 
in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Max  ቂ0; 
Final Fixing Level -High Watermark Level
Initial Fixing Level
ቃ; OR 
(B) 
if 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 'Observation Periods' 
in the Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×Max ቂ0;
High Watermark Level -Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
ቃ. 
(iv) 
Put Warrant Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(iv) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Warrant 
Product' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Put Warrant Products provide a Redemption Amount linked to 
the relevant (negative) performance or return of an Underlying or a basket of 
one or several Underlying(s) within a basket below a pre-defined strike level, 
provided that such performance or return is at or below the predefined strike 
level. This relevant performance or return may be subject to a cap and / or 
leverage factor.  If such performance or return is above the predefined strike 
level, the redemption amount will be zero. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
(which may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable):

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
 
(A) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × Strike Level −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Strike Level −Final Fixing Level); 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms and if the amount determined 
in accordance with the formula in 11.1(c)(iv)(A)(1)(b) above is 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the 
purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(iv)(B)(1)(f) only, the 
Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum 
Redemption Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be zero (0).  
(B) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Final 
Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × 
Strike Basket Level -Final Basket Fixing Level
Initial Basket Fixing Level
; 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Final Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant)×(Strike Basket Level-Final Basket Fixing Level) or; 
(c) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Final 
Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP ×
Strike Level (Worst)-Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
; 
(d) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Final Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant)×(Strike Level (Worst)-Final Fixing Level (Worst)); or 
(e) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Final 
Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × 
Strike Level (Best)-Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best)
; 
(f) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Final Terms 
and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant)×(Strike Level (Best)-Final Fixing Level (Best)); 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms and if the amount determined 
in accordance with the formula in 11.1(c)(iv)(B)(1)(f) above is 
greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount, then for the 
purposes of this paragraph 11.1(c)(iv)(B)(1)(f) only, the 
Redemption Amount shall be equal to the Maximum 
Redemption Amount; or 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be zero (0). 
(v) 
Call Knock-Out Warrant Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(v) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Knock-Out 
Warrant Product' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Call Knock-Out Warrant Products provide a Redemption Amount 
linked to the relevant performance or return of an Underlying or a basket of 
one or several Underlying(s) within a basket above a pre-defined Strike Level, 
provided that such performance or return is at or above the predefined Strike 
Level and a Knock Out Event has not occurred. A Knock-Out Event is deemed 
to occur if the level of the Underlying has breached the pre-defined Knock Out 
Level on the applicable Observation Date or during the applicable Observation 
Period. If a Knock-Out Event occurs, the Redemption Amount will be equal to 
a pre-defined Rebate amount. If a Knock-Out Event does not occur and the 
relevant performance or return is below the predefined strike level, the 
redemption amount will be zero. The reflevant performance or return may be 
subject to a Leverage Factor.  
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
(which may be zero) on the Redemption Date in accordance with 
paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Knock-Out Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be determined in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
 
Calculation Amount × PP × ൬Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level −Strike Percentage൰; or 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Final Fixing Level −Strike Level) 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be zero (0); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-Out Event has occurred, and if: 
(1) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Rebate Percentage; or 
(2) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be zero (0). 
(vi) 
Put Knock-Out Warrant Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(vi) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Knock-Out 
Warrant Product' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Put Knock-Out Warrant Products provide a Redemption Amount 
linked to the relevant (negative) performance or return of an Underlying or a 
basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket below a pre-defined 
Strike Level, provided that the performance or return is at or below the 
predefined Strike Level and a Knock Out Event has not occurred. A Knock-Out 
Event is deemed to occur if the level of the Underlying has breached the pre-
defined Knock-Out Level on the applicable Observation Date or during the 
applicable Observation Period. If a Knock-Out Event occurs, the Redemption 
Amount will be equal to a pre-defined Rebate amount. If a Knock-Out Event 
does not occur and the relevant performance or return is above the predefined 
Strike Level, the Redemption Amount will be zero. The relevant performance 
or return may be subject to a Leverage Factor. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Knock-Out Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall 
be determined in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Strike Event has occurred and if: 
(a) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Notional' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × PP × ൬Strike Percentage −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level൰; or 
(b) 
'Trading Style' is specified as 'Units' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount 
in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
 
Conversion Ratio (Warrant) × (Strike Level −Final Fixing Level) 
(2) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount 
shall be zero (0); or 
(B) 
if a Knock-Out Event has occurred, and if: 
(1) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × Rebate Percentage; or 
(2) 
'Rebate' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount shall be zero (0). 
(vii) 
Bullish Mini Future Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(vii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bullish Mini 
Future Product' in the Final Terms. 
Description; Bullish Mini Future Products provide a Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date linked to level of the Final Fixing of the Underlying in 
relation to an applicable strike level, provided a Stop Loss Event has not 
occurred. A Stop Loss Event occurs if the level of the Underlying breaches the 
Stop Loss Level on any relevant Observation Date during the Stop Loss 
Observation Period. If a Stop Loss Event occurs, the Product will be redeemed 
early on the applicable Stop Loss Redemption Date with an amount linked to 
the relevant Unwind Liquidation Price in excess of the relevant Strike Level. 
Such an amount is floored at zero. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable). If the Products are redeemed in accordance with 
paragraph (A) below, the Products shall redeem early on the Stop Loss 
Redemption Date (as described further below). 
(A) 
Early Redemption on the Stop Loss Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Stop Loss Event has 
occurred in respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless 
the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product early on the Stop 
Loss Redemption Date at an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future) × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 (0; Unwind Liquidation Price −Strike Level);  or 
(B) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no Stop Loss Event has 
occurred in respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless 
the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product at the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date. The Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future) × (Final Fixing Level −Strike Level) 
(viii) 
Bearish Mini Future Products 
This paragraph 11.1(c)(viii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bearish Mini 
Future Product' in the Final Terms. 
Description; Bearish Mini Future Products provide a Redemption Amount on 
the Redemption Date linked to difference between the strike level and the final

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
 
fixing of the Underlying, provided a Stop Loss Event has not occurred. A Stop 
Loss Event occurs if the level of the Underlying breaches the Stop Loss Level 
on any relevant Observation Date during the Stop Loss Observation Period. If 
a Stop Loss Event occurs, the product will be redeemed early on the applicable 
Stop Loss Redemption Date with an amount linked to the difference between 
the relevant Strike Level and the relevant Unwind Liquidation Price. Such an 
amount is floored at zero 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance paragraph (A) or (B) 
below (as applicable). If the Products are redeemed in accordance with 
paragraph (A) below the Products shall redeem early on the Stop Loss 
Redemption Date (as described further below). 
(A) 
Early Redemption on the Stop Loss Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Stop Loss Event has 
occurred in respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless 
the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product early on the Stop 
Loss Redemption Date at an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future) × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 (0; Strike Level −Unwind Liquidation Price);  or 
(B) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no Stop Loss Event has 
occurred in respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless 
the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product at the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date. The Redemption Amount shall be 
an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Conversion Ratio (Mini Future) × (Strike Level −Final Fixing Level) 
11.2 
Leverage Product Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified as 'Leverage Product' in the Final Terms: 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"Conversion Ratio (Mini Future)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified 
as such in the Final Terms. 
"Conversion Ratio (Warrant)" means, in respect of an Underlying, the number specified as 
such in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 18 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Coupon Payment Date, 
subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final 
Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, one of the following 
as specified in the Final Terms:

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"CR (Warrant)" means Conversion Ratio (Warrant). 
"FFL" means Final Fixing Level. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖−1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying in 
respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying 
in respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"First Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified in the Final Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Hedge Positions" has the meaning given to such term in General Condition 20 ( 
Definitions). 
"Hedging Entity" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions. 
"High Watermark Level" means, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 
'Observation Dates' in the Final Terms, the higher of (1) the highest observed Coupon 
Fixing Level of all previous Coupon Observation Dates and (2) the Strike Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which 'High Watermark Determination' is specified as 
'Observation Periods' in the Final Terms, the highest observed High Watermark Fixing 
Level on any High Watermark Observation Date falling in the High Watermark 
Observation Period. 
"High Watermark Fixing Level" means, in respect of a High Watermark Observation Date and 
an Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"High Watermark Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying 
Trading Day falling in the relevant High Watermark Observation Period. 
"High Watermark Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
 
"Highest Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of any Lock-In Observation Date, and 
following the occurrence of a Lock-In Event, the highest Lock-In Barrier Level reached on this 
date and such Lock-In Barrier Level will be recorded as the new Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, 
as reasonably determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"IFL" means Initial Fixing Level. 
"Increment Percentage" means a percentage specified in the Final Terms by which the Lock-
In Barrier Level will increase following each occurrence of a Lock-In Event. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Final Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Final Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
෍NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖−1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUC𝒊𝒊" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"Knock-Out Event" means (and a Knock-Out Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one 
of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call Knock-Out 
Warrant Product' in the Final Terms, one of the following (as specified in the Final 
Terms): 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above 
(as specified in the Final Terms) the Knock-Out Level; or 
(ii) 
the Knock-Out Fixing Level of the Underlying on any Knock-Out Observation 
Date falling in the Knock-Out Observation Period is either (A) above or (B) at 
or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Knock-Out Level; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put Knock-
Out Warrant Product' in the Final Terms, one of the following (as specified in the Final 
Terms): 
(i) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below 
(as specified in the Final Terms) the Knock-Out Level; or 
(ii) 
the Knock-Out Fixing Level of the Underlying on any Knock-Out Observation 
Date falling in the Knock-Out Observation Period is either (A) below or (B) at 
or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Knock-Out Level; 
"Knock-Out Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Knock-Out Observation Date and an 
Underlying, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Knock-Out Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Knock-Out Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading 
Day falling in the relevant Knock-Out Observation Period. 
"Knock-Out Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Leverage Product" means each Product in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to 
be 'Leverage Product' in the Final Terms. 
"Leverage Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Final Terms: Call Warrant Product, Put Warrant Product, Call Knock-Out Warrant, Put 
Knock-Out Warrant, Bullish Mini Future Product or Bearish Mini Future Product. 
"Lock-In Event" means, (and a Lock-In Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), the Lock-
In Fixing Level of the Underlying on a Lock-In Observation Date is either (i) above or (ii) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) the First Lock-In Barrier Level or any of the higher Lock-
In Barrier Levels compared to the last recorded Highest Lock-In Barrier Level, as reasonably 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Lock-In Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Lock-In Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Lock-In 
Observation Date. 
"Lock-In Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage 
of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying specified as the First Lock-In Barrier Level in the 
Final Terms or, following the occurrence of each Lock-In Event, the First Lock-In Barrier Level 
or any previously reached Highest Lock-In Barrier Level in each case as increased by the 
Increment Percentage as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Lock-In Observation Date" means each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Lock-In Provisions" means the provisions of proviso (1) of paragraph 11.1(c)(ii) of these 
Payout Conditions, as applicable. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Mini Future Product" means each Leverage Product in respect of which the Leverage 
Product Style is specified to be either 'Bullish Mini Future Product' or 'Bearish Mini Future 
Product Style'. 
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Rebate Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 15 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Stop Loss Event" means (and a Stop Loss Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one 
of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bullish Mini 
Future Product' in the Final Terms, the Stop Loss Fixing Level of the Underlying is

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
 
either (i) below or (ii) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Stop Loss Level 
on any Stop Loss Observation Date falling in the Stop Loss Observation Period; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Bearish Mini 
Future Product' in the Final Terms, the Stop Loss Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
either (i) above or (ii) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Stop Loss Level 
on any Stop Loss Observation Date falling in the Stop Loss Observation Date. 
"Stop Loss Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying and a Stop Loss Observation 
Date, the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Stop Loss Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms, PROVIDED THAT the Stop Loss Level may be adjusted throughout the 
term of the Product in accordance with (a) and/or (b) below: 
(a) 
if the Underlying is a Share (or the Underlying provides exposure to shares or equity 
securities), the Stop Loss Level may be adjusted to account for the effect of any 
dividends corresponding such Underlying (or such underlying shares or equity 
securities) on the Hedge Positions in relation to such Underlying (or such underlying 
share or equity security); and/or 
(b) 
if any event occurs which entitles the Issuer to adjust the Conditions of the Products in 
accordance with the Underlying Specific Conditions, the Stop Loss Level may be 
adjusted to reflect any changes to the Hedge Positions in relation to such Underlying 
as a result of such event. 
"Stop Loss Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying Trading 
Day falling in the relevant Stop Loss Observation Period.  
"Stop Loss Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Stop Loss Redemption Date" means the number of Business Days specified in the Final 
Terms following the first Stop Loss Observation Date in respect of which a Stop Loss Event has 
occurred. 
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, any of (i) or (ii) below (as specified 
in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call 
Warrant Product' or 'Call Knock-Out Warrant Product' in the Final Terms, the 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Strike Level of such Underlying; 
(ii) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put 
Warrant Product' or 'Put Knock-Out Warrant' in the Final Terms, the Final 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified 
in the Final Terms) the Strike Level of such Underlying. 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, any of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or 
(vi) below (as specified in the Final Terms): 
(i) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call 
Warrant Product' in the Final Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in 
the Final Terms, the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) above or (B) at or 
above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Strike Basket Level;

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put 
Warrant Product' in the Final Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'All' in 
the Final Terms, the Final Fixing Basket Level is either (A) below or (B) at or 
below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Strike Basket Level; 
(iii) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call 
Warrant Product' in the Final Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' 
in the Final Terms, the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying 
is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Strike 
Level (Worst); 
(iv) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put 
Warrant Product' in the Final Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Worst' 
in the Final Terms, the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying 
is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Strike 
Level (Worst); 
(v) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Call 
Warrant Product' in the Final Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in 
the Final Terms, the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is 
either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Strike 
Level (Best); 
(vi) 
in respect of Products for which Leverage Product Style is specified as 'Put 
Warrant Product' in the Final Terms and 'Basket Style' is specified as 'Best' in 
the Final Terms, the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is 
either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Strike 
Level (Best). 
If the Final Fixing Level or Final Fixing Basket Level is at the Strike Level and a Strike Event 
has occurred, the Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Payout Condition 
11.1(c)(i), 11.1(c)(ii), 11.1(c)(iii), 11.1(c)(iv), 11.1(c)(v), 11.1(c)(vi), 11.1(c)(vii) or 11.1(c)(viii) (as 
applicable) shall be equal to zero. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Strike Percentage" means, in respect of an Underlying, the percentage specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as defined in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions. 
"Unwind Liquidation Price" means, in respect of an Underlying and the occurrence of a Stop 
Loss Event, an amount equal to (a) the price of the Underlying at which the Hedge Positions in 
respect of the Underlying are unwound following the occurrence of such Stop Loss Event minus 
(b) any costs incurred by the Hedging Entity as a result of unwinding such Hedge Positions. 
"Upside Cap" shall be specified to be 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying. 
12. 
Outperformance Products 
This paragraph 12 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Outperformance Product' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Outperformance Products comprise of Products that provide a Redemption 
Amount that is conditional on the occurrence of a Strike Event, which is determined based on 
the Final Fixing Level(s) of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket and its position compared to a pre-defined level. If such Strike Event does not occur, 
the Redemption Amount may be equal to a predetermined fixed value increased by the

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
 
applicable relevant performance or return of the Underlying or a basket of one or several 
Underlying(s) within a basket. This performance is subject to a Leverage Factor and also be 
subject to a cap and/or floor. If a Strike Event does occur, the value of the Redemption Amount 
will be linked to the applicable relevant performance of an Underlying or a basket of one or 
several Underlying(s) within a basket. The performance in this latter case may be subject to a 
separate leverage and/or floor. 
Note that these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have not been 
previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
12.1 
Outperformance Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Outperformance Product' in the Final Terms (and 
no Coupon Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Payout Style is specified to be 'Outperformance Product' in the Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product at the Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date 
in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
Outperformance with Participation 
This paragraph 12.1(c)(i) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which 'Outperformance Product Style' is specified to be 
'Outperformance with Participation' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with either paragraph (A) 
or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with (1), (2) or (3) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms and 'Downside Participation' is specified as 'Not 
Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀(Final Performance; 0); 
(2) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Cash Settlement' in the 
Final Terms and 'Downside Participation' is specified as 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem each 
Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date, which shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 ൣ൫(CA × PP) + (CA × DPP × Final Return)൯; 0൧; 
(3) 
if 'Settlement Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Product by (i) delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its 
behalf of) the Entitlement on the Delivery Date in accordance 
with General Condition 5.2 and (ii) payment of the Residual 
Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date.

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has occurred the Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(CA × PP) + (CA × UPP × Final Return), 
PROVIDED THAT, if 'Upside Cap' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms and if the amount determined in accordance with the 
formula in 12.1(c)(i)(B) above is greater than the Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount, 
then 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
this 
paragraph 12.1(c)(i)(B) only, the Redemption Amount shall be equal 
to the Maximum Redemption Amount. 
(ii) 
Participation Certificate with Airbag feature 
This paragraph 12.1(c)(ii) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products 
in respect of which 'Outperformance Product Style' is specified to be 
'Participation Certificate with Airbag feature' in the Final Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount 
on the Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
if a Strike Event has not occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified as 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 (Final Performance; 0); or 
(2) 
if 'Downside Participation' is specified as 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 ൣ൫(CA × PP) + (CA × DPP × Final Return)൯; 0൧ 
(B) 
if a Strike Event has occurred, the Redemption Amount shall be 
determined in accordance with (1) or (2) below (as applicable): 
(1) 
if a Final Redemption Event has not occurred, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount equal to the Calculation Amount; 
or 
(2) 
if a Final Redemption Event has occurred, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(CA × PP) + (CA × UPP × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 [Final Return; FRC]) 
12.2 
Outperformance Product Definitions 
"Bearish Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each 
Underlying in respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the 
Final Terms, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
෍NUCi × ൬IP (FR) −Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
൰
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"IP (FR)" means Inverse Percentage (Final Return); 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of 
each Underlying in respect of Products for which 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in 
the Final Terms, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × ൬IP (FR) −Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
൰
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"IP (FR)" means Inverse Percentage (Final Return); 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i". 
"Best Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the highest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same highest Underlying 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Best Performing Underlying. 
"CA" means Calculation Amount. 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Final Basket Return" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each Underlying, 
which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
෍NUCi × ൬Final Fixing Leveli
Initial Fixing Leveli
−Strike Percentage൰
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms; and 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions,

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
 
on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the 
minimum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Final Basket Return (Strike)" means the aggregate of the weighted final return of each 
Underlying, which shall be the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
෍NUCi × ൬Final Fixing Leveli
Strike Leveli
 −Strike Percentage൰
N
i=1
 
Where: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to N, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Strike Leveli" means the Strike Level of Underlying "i"; and 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, 
on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the maximum percentage and, if applicable, the 
minimum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Final Fixing Basket Level" means, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and  
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Final Fixing Level (Best)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying in 
respect of the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Final Performance" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Final Terms, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
 
Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Strike Level (Worst)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Final Terms, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, one of the following 
as specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level ; or 
(D) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FP) −Final Fixing Basket Level
Strike Basket Level
 
"Final Redemption Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Final Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Final 
Terms) its Initial Fixing Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) zero (0); or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its Initial 
Fixing Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Final Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final 
Terms) its Initial Fixing Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Final Terms) zero (0); or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its Initial 
Fixing Level. 
"Final Return" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Issue in the Final Terms, either (i) or 
(ii) (as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A), (B) or (C) below 
as specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level)
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Initial Fixing Level
 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula:

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
 
(Final Fixing Level −Strike Level)
Strike Level
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C), (D) 
or (E) below as specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula 
or text below in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
൫Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Initial Fixing Level (Worst)൯
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
൫Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst)൯
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
(C) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
൫Final Fixing Level (Worst) −Strike Level (Worst)൯
Strike Level (Worst)
 
(D) 
the Final Basket Return; 
(E) 
the Final Basket Return (Strike); or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Final Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, either (A) or (B) below as 
specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula below in the 
Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FR) −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FR) −Final Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A), (B), (C) or 
(D) below as specified in the Final Terms (by replicating the relevant formula 
or text below in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FR) −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Initial Fixing Level (Best) ; or 
(B) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
IP (FR) −Final Fixing Level (Best)
Strike Level (Best)
; or 
(C) 
Bearish Final Basket Return; or 
(D) 
Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike). 
"FRC" or "Final Redemption Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Basket Level" means either (a) or (b) below (as applicable) 
(a) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Final Terms, 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Final Terms, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
෍NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
n
i=1
 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Best)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Initial Fixing Level (Worst)" means the Initial Fixing Level of the Worst Performing 
Underlying. 
"IP (FP)" or "Inverse Percentage (Final Performance)" means the percentage specified as 
such in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage 
as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"IP (FR)" or "Inverse Percentage (Final Return)" means the percentage specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"PP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
amount is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, 
subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Strike Barrier Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, any of (a), (b) or (c) below (as 
specified in the Final Terms): 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as 
specified in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
 
percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into 
account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum 
percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms; 
or 
(b) 
the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying; or 
(c) 
the Strike Level of such Underlying. 
"Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to the 
percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Event" means (and a Strike Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bullish' in the Final Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) above or (B) at or above (as specified in the Final 
Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) above or (II) at or above (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is either (I) 
above or (II) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) its Strike 
Barrier Level; or 
(b) 
if 'Product Direction' is specified as 'Bearish' in the Final Terms, either (i) or (ii) below 
(as applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, the Final Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is either (A) below or (B) at or below (as specified in the Final 
Terms) its Strike Barrier Level; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Final Basket Return is either (I) below or (II) at or below (as 
specified in the Final Terms) the Strike Barrier Amount; or 
(B) 
the Final Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying is either (I) 
below or (II) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) its Strike 
Barrier Level. 
"Strike Level (Best)" means the Strike Level of the Best Performing Underlying.  
"Strike Level (Worst)" means the Strike Level of the Worst Performing Underlying. 
"Underlying Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying, a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level 
"UPP" or "Upside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Worst Performing Underlying" means the Underlying with the lowest Underlying 
Performance, provided that if two or more Underlyings have the same lowest Underlying

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
 
Performance, then the Calculation Agent shall determine, in its discretion, which of such 
Underlyings shall be deemed to be the Worst Performing Underlying. 
13. 
Long/Short Products 
This paragraph 13 of the Payout Conditions shall only apply to Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Long/Short Product' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Long/Short Products comprise of Products which provide a payout linked to 
difference (or spread) between the performance or return of two separate Underlyings (the Long 
Underlying and the Short Underlying). This difference may be leveraged and/or capped and/or 
floored and/or adjusted according to a defined Adjustment Factor. Some of these features may 
be conditional on the value of the final spread observed between the relevant performance of 
the two Underlyings. The payout may also be adjusted to account for specified management 
fees. These products may contain provisions that can trigger an Early Redemption should a 
Stop Loss Event occur. If such case is realised, the Products will be redeemed at the Stop Loss 
Redemption Amount that is determined 
Note that any product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have not been 
previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
13.1 
Long/Short Product Payout 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Long/Short Products (and no 
Coupon Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not applicable – the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Long/Short Products.  
Notwithstanding that the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Long/Short Products, such 
Products may be redeemed prior to their scheduled Redemption Date in accordance 
with paragraph 13.1(c)(i) below if 'Stop Loss Early Redemption' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms, as described below. 
(c) 
Redemption Provisions 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable). If the Products are redeemed in accordance with paragraph (i) below the 
Products shall redeem the Products early on the Stop Loss Redemption Date (as 
described further in paragraph (i) below).  
(i) 
Early Redemption on the Stop Loss Redemption Date 
This paragraph 13.1(c)(i) shall only apply to Products in respect of which 'Stop 
Loss Early Redemption' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Stop Loss Event has occurred in 
respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, then unless the Products have 
been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Product early on the Stop Loss Redemption Date at an amount 
in the Settlement Currency equal to the Stop Loss Redemption Amount. 
(ii) 
Redemption on the Redemption Date 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and 
cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date by 
payment of the Redemption Amount, which shall be an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (A), (B) or (C) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
Long/Short Product with no Management Fee Deduction 
This paragraph 13.1(c)(ii)(A) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all 
Products in respect of which 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to 
be 'Long/Short Product with no Management Fee Deduction' in the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below 
(as applicable): 
(1) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 [PP × Final Strategy Level; 0] 
(2) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 [AF + (PP × Final Strategy Level); 0] 
(B) 
Long/Short Product with Management Fee Deduction 
This paragraph 13.1(c)(ii)(B) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all 
Products in respect of which 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to 
be 'Long/Short Product with Management Fee Deduction' in the Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below 
(as applicable):  
(1) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in 
the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula:  
CA × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 ൣ൫(PP × Final Strategy Level) −Management Fee Deduction൯; 0൧ 
(2) 
if 'Adjustment Factor' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
CA × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 [(AF + (PP × Final Strategy Level) −Management Fee Deduction); 0] 
(C) 
Long/Short Product with Outperformance Participation 
This paragraph 13.1(c)(ii)(C) of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all 
Products in respect of which 'Long/Short Product Style' is specified to 
be 'Long/Short Product with Outperformance Participation' in the Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption 
Amount on the Redemption Date in accordance with (1) or (2) below 
(as applicable): 
(1) 
if Final Performance (Long) is above Final Performance 
(Short), the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + 𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈 Final Strategy Level) 
(2) 
if Final Performance (Long) is at or below Final Performance 
(Short), the Redemption Amount shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 [𝐶𝐶alculation Amount × (100% + 𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷 Final Strategy Level); 0] 
13.2 
Long/Short Product Definitions

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
 
"AF" or "Adjustment Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and 
if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"DPP" or "Downside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Final Performance" means, in respect of the Long Underlying or the Short Underlying, either 
(a) or (b) below (as applicable):  
(a) 
in respect of Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying' 
in the Final Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the Final Terms by replicating 
the relevant formula in the Final Terms) in respect of the Long Underlying or Short 
Underlying (as applicable): 
(i) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level −Initial Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(ii) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of 
Underlyings' in the Final Terms, either (i) or (ii) below (as specified in the Final Terms 
by replicating the relevant formula in the Final Terms) in respect of the Long Underlying 
or Short Underlying (as applicable): 
(i) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
LS Final Fixing Basket Level −LS Initial Fixing Basket Level
LS Initial Fixing Basket Level
; or 
(ii) 
an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
LS Final Fixing Basket Level −LS Strike Basket Level
LS Initial Fixing Basket Level
; or 
"Final Performance (Long)" means the Final Performance in respect of the Long Underlying. 
"Final Performance (Short)" means the Final Performance in respect of the Short Underlying. 
"Final Strategy Level" means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Final Performance (Long) −Final Performance (Short) 
"Initial Product Value" means, an amount in respect of each Calculation Amount for each 
Product in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the 
market value of such Product in respect of the Initial Fixing Date (or as specified as such in the 
Final Terms). 
"Long/Short Product" means each Product in respect of which the Payout Style is specified 
to be 'Long/Short Product' in the Final Terms. 
"Long/Short Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms: 'Long/Short Product with no Adjustment Factor' or 'Long/Short 
Product with Adjustment Factor'.

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
 
"Long Underlying" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying' in 
the Final Terms, the Underlying specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Final Terms; 
or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' 
in the Final Terms, the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the 
Final Terms. 
"LS Final Fixing Basket Level" or "Long/Short Final Fixing Basket Level" means, in respect 
of Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' and either the 
Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable), an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the following formula: 
෍NUCi × Final Fixing Leveli
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across, in respect of (i) the Long Underlying, each Underlying 
contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Final Terms or 
(ii) the Short Underlying, each Underlying contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as 
the 'Short Underlying' in the Final Terms, and: 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as 
applicable) in the Final Terms;  
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the basket of 
Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) 
in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"LS Initial Fixing Basket Level" or "Long/Short Initial Fixing Basket Level" means, in 
respect of Products for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' and 
either the Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable), one of the following (as specified 
in the Final Terms): 
(a) 
if 'Long/Short Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the 
Final Terms, the amount specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of the Long 
Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable); or 
(b) 
if 'Long/Short Initial Fixing Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the 
Final Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula in respect of the Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable): 
෍NUCi × Initial Fixing Leveli
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across, in respect of (i) the Long Underlying, each Underlying 
contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Final Terms or 
(ii) the Short Underlying, each Underlying contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as 
the 'Short Underlying' in the Final Terms, and: 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as 
applicable) in the Final Terms;  
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the basket of 
Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) 
in the Final Terms;

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; and 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"LS Strike Basket Level" or "Long/Short Strike Basket Level" means, in respect of a Product 
for which the 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' and either the Long 
Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable), one of the following (as specified in the Final 
Terms): 
(a) 
if 'Long/Short Strike Basket Level' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Final 
Terms, the amount specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of the Long 
Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable); or 
(b) 
if 'Long/Short Strike Basket Level' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount' in the Final 
Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula in respect of the Long Underlying or Short Underlying (as applicable): 
෍NUCi × Strike Leveli
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
 
Where the summation is taken across, in respect of (A) the Long Underlying, each Underlying 
contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' in the Final Terms or 
(B) the Short Underlying, each Underlying contained in the basket of Underlyings specified as 
the 'Short Underlying' in the Final Terms, and: 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as 
applicable) in the Final Terms;  
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the basket of 
Underlyings specified as the 'Long Underlying' or the 'Short Underlying' (as applicable) 
in the Final Terms; 
"NUCi" means the Number of Underlying Components in respect of Underlying "i"; 
"Number of Underlying Components" means, in respect of an Underlying, the 
number, percentage or fraction specified as such in the Final Terms; and 
"Strike Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i". 
"Management Fee Deduction" means, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
Management Fee × DCF 
Where: 
"DCF" means either: 
(i) 
t
360 ; or 
(ii) 
actual
365 , 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Management Fee" means the per annum rate specified as such in the Final Terms; 
and 
"t" means the number of calendar days falling in the period from (but excluding) the 
Initial Fixing Date to (and including) the Final Fixing Date.  
"PP" or "Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Short Underlying" means one of the following (as applicable):

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
 
(a) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Single Underlying' in 
the Final Terms, the Underlying specified as the 'Short Underlying' in the Final Terms; 
or 
(b) 
in respect of Products for which 'Strategy Style' is specified as 'Basket of Underlyings' 
in the Final Terms, the basket of Underlyings specified as the 'Short Underlying' in the 
Final Terms. 
"Stop Loss Event" means (and a Stop Loss Event shall be deemed to have occurred if) the 
Stop Loss Product Value on any Stop Loss Observation Date is either (a) below or (b) at or 
below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Stop Loss Barrier Level.  
"Stop Loss Barrier Level" means an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Product 
Value of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such percentage is 
specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its 
discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to 
the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Stop Loss Observation Date" means each day falling in the Stop Loss Observation Period 
that is an Underlying Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket of Underlyings. 
"Stop Loss Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Stop Loss Product Value" means, in respect of any Stop Loss Observation Date, an amount 
in respect of each Calculation Amount for each Product in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the market value of such Product in respect of such 
Stop Loss Observation Date. Such amount shall be determined by reference to such factors as 
the Calculation Agent considers to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(a) 
market prices or values for the Underlying(s) and other relevant economic variables 
(such as interest rates and, if applicable, exchange rates) at the relevant time; 
(b) 
the remaining life of the Products had they remained outstanding to scheduled maturity 
and/or any scheduled early redemption date; 
(c) 
the value at the relevant time of any minimum redemption which would have been 
applicable had the Products remained outstanding to scheduled maturity and/or any 
scheduled early redemption date; 
(d) 
internal pricing models; and 
(e) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for Products similar to the Products. 
"Stop Loss Redemption Amount" means, in respect of the first Stop Loss Observation Date 
in respect of which a Stop Loss Event has occurred, the Stop Loss Product Value in respect of 
such Stop Loss Observation Date. 
"Stop Loss Redemption Date" means the number of Business Days specified in the Final 
Terms following the first Stop Loss Observation Date in respect of which a Stop Loss Event has 
occurred. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"UPP" or "Upside Participation Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
Final Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market 
conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
14. 
Dispersion Products 
This paragraph 14 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Dispersion Products' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Dispersion Products comprise of Products that provide a Redemption Amount 
that is conditional on the value of the dispersion of the underlyings within a basket and its 
position compared to a pre-defined strike level, where this dispersion value is determined based 
on the sum of the absolute differences between the relevant individual performances (either

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
 
positive or negative) of each component of a specific basket relative to the relevant applicable 
performance of the basket itself. If this dispersion value is at or above the pre-defined Strike 
Level, the Redemption Amount is linked to the dispersion value in excess of the pre-defined 
strike level, floored at zero. This amount may be subject to a cap. If this dispersion value is 
below the pre-defined Strike Level, the Redemption Amount is zero. 
Note that these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have not been 
previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
14.1 
Dispersion Warrant on Basket 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable – the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Dispersion Products (and no 
Coupon Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an 
Autocall Observation Date or an Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), then 
unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to 
the Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in 
respect of which the Autocall Event occurred at the Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the 
Conditions specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the 
same date as the Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the 
Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) 
corresponding to such final Autocall Redemption Date, each Product shall be 
redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the final Autocall Redemption Date) 
at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts shall be payable in respect 
of such Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, the 
Autocall Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product by payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Redemption Date in accordance with paragraph (A) or (B) below (as applicable): 
(A) 
if the Final Basket Dispersion is at or above the Strike Level, the Redemption 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
CA × min {FRC; max[0; (Final Basket Dispersion - Strike Level)]}; or 
(B) 
otherwise, the Redemption Amount shall be equal to zero. 
14.2 
Dispersion Product Definitions 
"Autocall Coupon Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Event" means one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
if 'Autocall Observation Period' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, in 
respect of an Autocall Observation Date (and an Autocall Event shall be deemed to 
have occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation Date if), any of (A) or (B) below 
(as specified in the Final Terms): 
(A) 
the Basket Dispersion on such Autocall Observation Date is either (1) above 
or (2) at or above (as specified in the Final Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or 
(B) 
the Basket Dispersion on such Autocall Observation Date is either (1) below or 
(2) at or below (as specified in the Final Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level in respect of such Autocall Observation Date; or

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
 
(b) 
if 'Autocall Observation Period' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, in 
respect of an Autocall Observation Period (and an Autocall Event shall be deemed to 
have occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation Period if) either (i) or (ii) below (as 
applicable): 
(A) 
the Basket Dispersion on any Common Autocall Period Observation Date 
falling in such Autocall Observation Period is either (1) above or (2) at or above 
(as specified in the Final Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket Level in respect 
of such Autocall Observation Period; or 
(B) 
the Basket Dispersion on any Common Autocall Period Observation Date 
falling in such Autocall Observation Period is either (1) below or (2) at or below 
(as specified in the Final Terms) the Autocall Trigger Basket Level in respect 
of such Autocall Observation Period. 
"Autocall Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or a Common 
Autocall Period Observation Date (as applicable) and an Underlying, the Level of such 
Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Autocall Observation Date 
or such Common Autocall Period Observation Date (as applicable). 
"Autocall Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in the 
Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so 
specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for 
all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(b) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Autocall Observation Date(s) in 
the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date 
so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Underlying. 
"Autocall Observation Period" means, if specified as 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, each 
period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Period Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each Underlying 
Trading Day falling in the relevant Autocall Observation Period. 
"Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, one of 
the following: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is specified in the 
Final Terms, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum 
of the Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount in respect of such Autocall Redemption Date 
and the Autocall Coupon Amount in respect of such Autocall Redemption Date.  
"Autocall Redemption Date" means, in respect of either (a) an Autocall Observation Date on 
which an Autocall Event has occurred or (b) an Autocall Observation Period in respect of which 
an Autocall Event has occurred, one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
the date specified as an 'Autocall Redemption Date' in the Final Terms that falls 
immediately after such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period 
(as applicable); or 
(b) 
if an Autocall Redemption Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Autocall Redemption Table" the table specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
 
"Autocall Trigger Basket Level" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation Date or an 
Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) and a basket of Underlyings, an amount equal to 
the percentage of the Initial Fixing Basket Level of such Underlyings as specified in respect of 
such Autocall Observation Date or such Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) in the Final 
Terms, and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the 
Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum 
percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
"Basket Dispersion" means, on any date, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula in respect of such date:  
1
𝑛𝑛× ∑
ABS  (
𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿- Basket Performance
n
i=1
) 
Where the summation is taken across each Underlying specified in the Final Terms and: 
"ABS" means, when placed before a bracket containing a formula, the absolute value 
of the calculation output of such formula, such that any negative amount obtained from 
applying such formula shall be deemed to be a positive amount having the same 
numerical value as such negative amount (and, for example, ABS(-0.01) will be equal 
to 0.01, and Abs(0.01) will be equal to 0.01); 
"Basket Performance" means, on any day, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula in respect of such date: 
෍Wi × 
n
i=1
𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼 𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹 𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿𝐿 
Where: 
"W" means the weight of the relevant Underlying specified in the relevant Final Terms 
[(and which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be a negative value)];  
"Fixing Leveli" means, on any day, the Fixing Level of Underlying "i" on such day; 
"Initial Fixing Leveli" means the Initial Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Underlying in the 
basket; and 
"n" means an amount equal to the number of Underlyings specified in the Final Terms. 
"Common Autocall Period Observation Date" means, in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Period, each day falling in such Autocall Observation Period that is an Autocall Period 
Observation Date for each of the Underlyings in the basket of Underlyings. 
"Final Basket Dispersion" means the Basket Dispersion on the Final Fixing Date. 
"Final Fixing Leveli" means the Final Fixing Level of Underlying "i"; 
"Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount" means, in respect of an Autocall Redemption Date, 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"FRC" or "Final Redemption Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Strike Level" means an amount equal to the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
15. 
Steepener Products 
This paragraph 15 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Payout Style is specified to be 'Steepener Products' in the Final Terms.

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
 
15.1 
Steepener Products with Spread (Note or Certificate) Payout 
This paragraph 15.1 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Spread (Note or Certificate)' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Steepener Products with Spread (Note or Certificate) Payout comprise of 
Products which may pay Coupon Amount(s), which are linked to the observed level(s) of a 
spread between the levels between two separate Underlyings  and its position compared to a 
pre-defined level on pre-determined Observation Dates. Each Coupon Amount may be 
determined based on the observed level of the spread on a single fixing date per period or 
accrued according to multiple observations across a period. The observed spread values may 
be leveraged and/or subject to a floor. The Coupon Amount may also be subject to a floor. 
The Redemption Amount of the Products is equal to a predetermined fixed value 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'DCF Accrual' in the Final Terms, the Coupon 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the 
Calculation Period for the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is 
the relevant Coupon Observation Period):  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[FP; LF × (Coupon Spread −Spread Strike Level)] × DCF; 
(ii) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Single Observation' in the Final Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[FP; LF × (Coupon Spread −Spread Strike Level)];  or 
(iii) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Daily Average Accrual' in the Final Terms, 
the Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × ൥෍LF × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀(FP; Spreadi −Spread Strike Level) × 1
𝑛𝑛
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
൩ 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Observation Date falling in the 
Coupon Observation Period specified in respect of the relevant Coupon Payment Date 
in the Final Terms and: 
"Spreadi" means the Spread in respect of Coupon Observation Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Coupon 
Observation Date; and 
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the total number of Coupon 
Observation Dates falling in the Coupon Observation Period specified in 
respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not Applicable - the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Spread (Note or Certificate)' in the Final 
Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date at the Redemption Amount, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
 
Calculation Amount × PP 
15.2 
Steepener Products with Accrual Steepener (Warrant) Payout 
This paragraph 15.2 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Accrual Steepener (Warrant)' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Steepener Products with Spread (Warrant) Payout comprise of Products which 
may pay Coupon Amount(s), which are linked to the observed level(s) of a spread between the 
levels between two separate Underlyings and its position compared to a pre-defined level on 
pre-determined Observation Dates. Each Coupon Amount may be determined based on the 
observed level of the spread on a single fixing date per period or accrued according to multiple 
observations across a period. The observed spread values may be leveraged and/or subject to 
a floor. The Coupon Amount may also be subject to a floor. 
The Redemption Amount of the products is equal to zero 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
The Coupon Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment 
Date shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) below (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'DCF Accrual' in the Final Terms, the Coupon 
Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula (where the 
Calculation Period for the purposes of determining the Day Count Fraction is 
the relevant Coupon Observation Period):  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[FP; LF × (Coupon Spread −Spread Strike Level)] × DCF; 
(ii) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Single Observation' in the Final Terms, the 
Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[FP; LF × (Coupon Spread −Spread Strike Level)];  or 
(iii) 
if Coupon Style is specified to be 'Daily Average Accrual' in the Final Terms, 
the Coupon Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × ൥෍LF × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀(FP; Spreadi −Spread Strike Level) × 1
𝑛𝑛
𝑛𝑛
𝑖𝑖=1
൩ 
Where the summation is taken across each Coupon Observation Date falling in the 
Coupon Observation Period specified in respect of the relevant Coupon Payment Date 
in the Final Terms and: 
"Spreadi" means the Spread in respect of Coupon Observation Date "i"; 
"i" means a unique integer from 1 to n, each representing a separate Coupon 
Observation Date; and 
"n" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the total number of Coupon 
Observation Dates falling in the Coupon Observation Period specified in 
respect of such Coupon Payment Date. 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not Applicable - the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Accrual Steepener (Warrant)' in the Final 
Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, 
each Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date at a Redemption Amount 
equal to zero (and shall expire worthless).  
15.3 
Steepener Products with Single Look (Warrant) Payout 
This paragraph 15.3 of the Payout Conditions shall apply to all Products in respect of which the 
Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Single Look (Warrant)' in the Final Terms. 
Description: Steepener Products with Single Look (Warrant) Payout comprise of Products 
which pay a Redemption Amount linked to the final observed level of a spread between the 
levels of two separate Underlyings and its position compared to a pre-defined level on pre-
determined Observation Dates. The observed spread values may be leveraged and/or subject 
to a floor. The Redemption Amount may also be subject to a floor. 
Note that in all cases, these product amounts are only relevant if the applicable Products have 
not been previously redeemed, purchased, or cancelled. 
(a) 
Coupon Amount 
Not applicable - the Coupon Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Single Look (Warrant)' in the Final Terms 
(and no Coupon Amount(s) will be payable in respect of such Products). 
(b) 
Autocall Amount 
Not Applicable - the Autocall Provisions do not apply to Products in respect of which 
the Steepener Product Style is specified as 'Single Look (Warrant)' in the Final Terms. 
(c) 
Redemption Amount 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date at the Redemption Amount, 
which shall be an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:  
Calculation Amount × 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀[FP; LF × (Final Spread −Spread Strike Level)] 
15.4 
Steepener Products Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Products 
for which the Payout Style is specified to be 'Steepener Products' in the Final Terms: 
"Coupon Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 15 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Coupon Fixing Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date and an Underlying, 
the Level of such Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of such Coupon 
Observation Date. 
"Coupon Observation Date" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, one of the 
following (as applicable): 
(a) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date 
so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for either 
Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day 
for both Underlying 1 and Underlying 2;  
(b) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' is 
specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Coupon Observation Date(s) in 
the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each date 
so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Underlying; or  
(c) 
where "Common Observation" is specified in respect of the Coupon Observation 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, each day falling in the relevant Coupon Observation Period 
for such Coupon Payment Date which is (i) a Scheduled Trading Day for both

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
 
Underlying 1 and Underlying 2; and (ii) not a Disrupted Day for either Underlying 1 or 
Underlying 2. 
"Coupon Observation Period" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the period 
specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Date" means one of the following as specified in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if a Coupon Payment Table is set out in the Final Terms, each date set forth in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)', 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Payment Table" means the table specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Coupon Spread" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date, the Spread in respect of 
such Coupon Observation Date.  
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction.  
"Final Spread" means the Spread in respect of the Final Fixing Date.  
"Floor" shall be specified as 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"FP" or "Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"LF" or "Leverage Factor" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
amount is specified to be indicative, such amount as the Calculation Agent shall determine in 
its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject 
to the minimum amount and, if applicable, the maximum amount specified in the Final Terms. 
"PP" or "Protection Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, 
and if such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial 
Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in paragraph 15 of these Payout 
Conditions. 
"Spread" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date or Final Fixing Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Level of Underlying 1 −Underlying Level of Underlying 2 
"Spread Strike Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date or Redemption Date, an 
amount specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such amount is specified to be indicative, 
such amount as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its discretion, taking into account 
prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum amount and, if 
applicable, the maximum amount specified in the Final Terms. 
"Steepener Product Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Final Terms: 'Spread (Note or Certificate)', 'Accrual Steepener (Warrant)' or 'Single Look 
(Warrant)'. 
"Strike Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, an amount equal to the percentage of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying as specified as such in the Final Terms, and if such 
percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on the Initial Fixing 
Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the maximum percentage specified 
in the Final Terms, PROVIDED THAT if 'Predetermined Strike Level' is specified to be 
'Applicable' in respect of the Strike Level in the Final Terms, notwithstanding that the Strike 
Level is expressed as a percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in the Final Terms, the Strike 
Level was determined on a date prior to the date on which the Initial Fixing Level is determined.

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
 
"Underlying 1" means the Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Underlying 2" means the Underlying specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Underlying Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2 and: 
(a) 
a Coupon Observation Date, the Coupon Fixing Level of such Underlying on such 
Coupon Observation Date; or 
(b) 
a Final Fixing Date, the Final Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Final Fixing Date. 
"Underlying Level" means, in respect of a Coupon Observation Date or Final Fixing Date and 
an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, one of the following as specified in the Final Terms (by 
replicating the relevant formula or text below in the Final Terms): 
(a) 
the Underlying Fixing Level of such Underlying on such Coupon Observation Date or 
Final Fixing Date;  
(b) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
(c) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
; or 
(d) 
a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
16. 
Flexible Barrier Products 
This section (“Flexible Barrier Products”) applies if the Payout Style is specified as “Flexible 
Barrier Product” in the Final Terms.  
Flexible Barrier Products comprise of Products which provide exposure to the positive or 
negative performance of an Underlying or a basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a 
basket, where the Product Amount(s) are determined based on one or several conditions 
(categorized in several scenarios). Typically, a condition is satisfied (or not) if the performance 
or level of an Underlying or Basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket is higher 
than or equal to (or lower) a pre-defined Barrier performance or level. Performance or level of 
the Underlying or basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a basket can be weighted, 
leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
The product amounts may consist of one or more of the following forms, which are further 
described in the following sections of this Base Prospectus and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
o 
A Final Redemption Amount, which is an amount paid on the Redemption Date (or 
Delivery Date), unless the Product has been previously redeemed. This amount is 
determined on the basis of an applicable Final Redemption Option. The applicable 
Final Terms will specify the applicable Final Redemption Option, if any, chosen from 
the options in section 16.3, used for determining and calculating the Final Redemption 
Amount. 
o 
If applicable, Coupon Amount(s), which is an amount paid on the Coupon Payment 
Date(s), unless the Product has been previously redeemed. The amount paid on each 
Coupon Payment Date is determined on the basis of an applicable Coupon Option. The 
applicable Final Terms will specify the applicable Coupon Option, if any, chosen from 
the options in section 16.1, used for determining and calculating the Coupon Amount. 
o 
If applicable, an Autocall Redemption Amount, which is an amount determined 
according to one or multiple conditions linked to the performance of an Underlying or a 
basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket and paid on the corresponding

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
 
Automatic Redemption Date if the product is automatically early redeemed according 
to the Autocall Provisions set out in the relevant Final Terms and this Base Prospectus.  
o 
If applicable, an Optional Redemption Amount, which is a pre-determined amount that 
can be paid on the relevant Optional Redemption Date if the Product is redeemed early 
at the option of the issuer according to the conditions set out in the relevant Final 
Terms.   
o 
If applicable, a Puttable Redemption Amount, which is a pre-determined amount that 
can be paid on the relevant puttable redemption date if the product is redeemed early 
at the option of the product holder(s) according to the conditions set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
Reference Formula(e) defined in section 16.7 determine the specific performance or level of 
the Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a basket used for the 
determination of each of the above Product Amount(s) for an applicable Product. Variable Data 
in section 16.6 describes the pre-definable levels and values associated the conditions and 
formula(e). Each product may have one or several associated reference formula(e) and/or 
variable data used in the determination of the product amount(s). 
For Products that are specified as Flexible Barrier Products, the payout formula(e) and 
conditions linked to the above relevant Product Amount(s) (where applicable) according to the 
payout formula(e) and conditions in this section will be written in the applicable Final Terms of 
the Products, in a simplified format in accordance with the Simplification Conventions described 
in section 16.11. 
16.1 
Coupon 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products.  
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the Coupon Amount 
(if any) pursuant to, the applicable Flexible Barrier Coupon Type (Coupon Option) below, as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
Any relevant Product Formula used to determine the Coupon Amount(s) of the Product will be 
replicated in the applicable Final Terms with the values taken by the Variable Data, the 
ReferenceFormula(e), the necessary Schedule(s), as well as the indication of the specific 
definitions. Furthermore, Product Formula or Product Formulas replicated in the applicable 
Final Terms may apply the Simplification Conventions and may substitute terminology as 
otherwise stated in the Payout Conditions. 
Any calculated Coupon Amount is paid on the corresponding payment date indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Coupon Option 1: No Coupon Barrier 
If the Flexible Barrier Coupon Type is specified as “Coupon Option 1: No Coupon 
Barrier” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount 
relating to each period, i, shall be determined as of the applicable Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
On each Coupon Payment Date(i), the product holder receives: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon(i) + (LinearCoupon x i) + 
Max(CouponFloor(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponCap x i); CouponLeverage(i) x ((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount(T) 
– 
CouponStrike(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread(i)))) 
– 
(MemoryFactor_Coupon 
x 
SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) } x (CouponAccrual_Factor_1 x CouponAccrualRate(i)) x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date that is equal to a predetermined value, which may be in addition to a 
time accumulating component. This can be increased by the value of an applicable 
Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or 
Leverage Factor and/or spread. This amount may be decreased by the sum of Coupon

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
 
Amounts paid on previous Coupon Payment Dates. This amount can be subject to a 
defined accrual rate and/or defined Day Count Fraction. 
(b) 
Coupon Option 2: Single Coupon Barrier 
If the Flexible Barrier Coupon Type is specified as “Coupon Option 2: Single Coupon 
Barrier” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount 
relating to each period, i, shall be determined as of the applicable Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_1(T) is 
[at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_1(i) + (LinearCoupon_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_1 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_1(i) + (LinearCouponCap_1 x i); CouponLeverage_1(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_1(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_1(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_1(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_1 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_1(T) is 
[at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_2(i) + (LinearCoupon_2 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_2(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_2 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_2(i) + (LinearCouponCap_2 x i); CouponLeverage_2(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_2(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_2(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_2(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1))} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_2 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed,  the Product pays on each 
Coupon Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding 
Coupon Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs 
amongst the 2 possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value of the relevant 
Reference Formula applied to the coupon condition and of its position 
compared to the CouponBarrier. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a predetermined 
value, which may be in addition to a time accumulating component. This can 
be increased by the value of an applicable Reference Formula considered, 
which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or 
spread. This amount may be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
on previous Coupon Payment Dates. This amount can be subject to a defined 
accrual rate and/or defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these components 
can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
(c) 
Coupon Option 3: Single Coupon Event 
If the Flexible Barrier Coupon Type is specified as “Coupon Option 3: Single Coupon 
Event” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount 
relating to each period, i, shall be determined as of the applicable Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if a Coupon Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred, then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_1(i) + (LinearCoupon_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_1 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_1(i) + (LinearCouponCap_1 x i); CouponLeverage_1(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_1(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_1(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_1(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_1 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i)

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if a Coupon Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred, then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_2(i) + (LinearCoupon_2 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_2(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_2 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_2(i) + (LinearCouponCap_2 x i); CouponLeverage_2(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_2(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_2(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_2(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_2 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed,  the Product pays on each 
Coupon Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding 
Coupon Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs 
amongst the 2 possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on whether the pre-defined 
Coupon Barrier Event occurs. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a predetermined 
value, which may be in addition to a time accumulating component. This can 
be increased by the value of an applicable Reference Formula considered, 
which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or 
spread. This amount may be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
on previous Coupon Payment Dates. This amount can be subject to a defined 
accrual rate and/or defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these components 
can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
(d) 
Coupon Option 4: 2 Coupon Barriers 
If the Flexible Barrier Coupon Type is specified as “Coupon Option 4: 2 Coupon 
Barriers” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount 
relating to each period, i, shall be determined as of the applicable Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_1(T) is 
[at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_1(i) + (LinearCoupon_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_1 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_1(i) + (LinearCouponCap_1 x i); CouponLeverage_1(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_1(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_1(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_1(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_1 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_1(T) is 
[at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i) [and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or 
below] [below] CouponBarrier_2(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_2(i) + (LinearCoupon_2 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_2(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_2 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_2(i) + (LinearCouponCap_2 x i); CouponLeverage_2(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_2(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_2(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_2(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_2 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
(iii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_1(T) is 
[at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i) [and] [or] if 
ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or 
below] [below] CouponBarrier_2(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_3(i) + (LinearCoupon_3 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_3(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_3 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_3(i) + (LinearCouponCap_3 x i); CouponLeverage_3(i) x

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_3(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_3(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_3(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_3 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst 
the 3 possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value of the relevant 
Reference Formula(e) for the coupon conditions and the respective position 
compared to the two Coupon Barriers.The occurrence of these scenarios first 
depends on the value of the considered Reference Formula applied and its  
respective positions compared to the first Coupon Barrier. If the value of this 
Reference Formula does not meet the condition relative to the Coupon Barrier 
in the first scenario, the determination of which scenario is applicable (either 
the second or the third) depends on the value of the relevant Reference 
Formula applied and of its position compared to the second Coupon Barrier. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a predetermined 
value, which may be in addition to a time accumulating component. This can 
be increased by the value of the applicable Reference Formula considered, 
which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and /or 
spread. This amount may be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
on previous Coupon Payment Dates. This amount can be subject to a defined 
accrual rate and/or defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these components 
can vary according to the scenario that occurs.  
(e) 
Coupon Option 5: Coupon Barrier and Coupon Event 
If the Flexible Barrier Coupon Type is specified as “Coupon Option 5: Coupon Barrier 
and Coupon Event” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon 
Amount relating to each period, i, shall be determined as of the applicable Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_1(T) is 
[at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_1(i) + (LinearCoupon_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_1 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_1(i) + (LinearCouponCap_1 x i); CouponLeverage_1(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_1 
– 
CouponStrike_1(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_1(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1))} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_1 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_1(T) is 
[at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i) [and] [or] a 
Coupon Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_2(i) + (LinearCoupon_2 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_2(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_2 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_2(i) + (LinearCouponCap_2 x i); CouponLeverage_2(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_2 
– 
CouponStrike_2(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_2(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1))} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_2 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
(iii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_1(T) is 
[at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i) [and] [or] a 
Coupon Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_3(i) + (LinearCoupon_3 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_3(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_3 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_3(i) + (LinearCouponCap_3 x i); CouponLeverage_3(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_3(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_3(i)) 
+

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
 
CouponSpread_3(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_3 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst 
the 3 possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on the value of the considered 
Reference Formula applied and its respective positions compared to a Coupon 
Barrier. If the value of this Reference Formula does not meet the condition 
relative to the Coupon Barrier in the first scenario, the determination of which 
scenario is applicable (either the second or the third) depends on whether the 
pre-defined Coupon Barrier Event occurs. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a predetermined 
value, which may be in addition to a time accumulating component. This can 
be increased by the value of the applicable Reference Formula considered, 
which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and /or 
spread. This amount may be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
on previous Coupon Payment Dates. This amount can be subject to a defined 
accrual rate and/or defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these components 
can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
(f) 
Coupon Option 6: Coupon Event and Coupon Barrier 
If the Flexible Barrier Coupon Type is specified as “Coupon Option 6: Coupon Event 
and Coupon Barrier” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon 
Amount relating to each period, i, shall be determined as of the applicable Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if a Coupon Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred, then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_1(i) + (LinearCoupon_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_1 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_1(i) + (LinearCouponCap_1 x i); CouponLeverage_1(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_1 
– 
CouponStrike_1(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_1(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1))} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_1 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if a Coupon Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_1(T) is [at or above] 
[above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_2(i) + (LinearCoupon_2 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_2(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_2 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_2(i) + (LinearCouponCap_2 x i); CouponLeverage_2(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_2(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_2(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_2(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_2 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
(iii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if a Coupon Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_1(T) is [at or above] 
[above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_3(i) + (LinearCoupon_3 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_3(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_3 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_3(i) + (LinearCouponCap_3 x i); CouponLeverage_3(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_3(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_3(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_3(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_3 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i)

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst 
the 3 possible:  
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on whether the pre-defined 
Coupon Barrier Event occurs or not. If the condition relating to the Coupon 
Barrier Event does not satisfy the condition for the first scenario, the 
determination of which scenario is applicable (either the second or the third) 
depends on the value of an applicable Reference Formula and its respective 
positions compared to a Coupon Barrier. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a predetermined 
value, which may be in addition to a time accumulating component. This can 
be increased by the value of the applicable Reference Formula considered, 
which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or 
spread. This amount may be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
on previous Coupon Payment Dates. This amount can be subject to a defined 
accrual rate and/or defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these components 
can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
(g) 
Coupon Option 7: 2 Coupon Barrier Events 
If the Flexible Barrier Coupon Type is specified as “Coupon Option 7: 2 Coupon Barrier 
Events” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount 
relating to each period, i, shall be determined as of the applicable Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if Coupon Barrier Event_1 [has] [has not] 
occurred, then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_1(i) + (LinearCoupon_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_1 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_1(i) + (LinearCouponCap_1 x i); CouponLeverage_1(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_1 
– 
CouponStrike_1(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_1(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1))} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_1 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if Coupon Barrier Event_1 [has] [has not] 
occurred [and] [or] Coupon Barrier Event_2 [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_2(i) + (LinearCoupon_2 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_2(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_2 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_2(i) + (LinearCouponCap_2 x i); CouponLeverage_2(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_2(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_2(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_2(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_2 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
(iii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if Coupon Barrier Event_1 [has] [has not] 
occurred [and] [or] Coupon Barrier Event_2 [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_3(i) + (LinearCoupon_3 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_3(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_3 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_3(i) + (LinearCouponCap_3 x i); CouponLeverage_3(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_3(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_3(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_3(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_3 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst 
the 3 possible:

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on whether the pre-defined 
Coupon Barrier Event occurs or not. If the condition relating to the Coupon 
Barrier Event does not satisfy the condition for the first scenario, the 
determination of which scenario is applicable (either the second or the third) 
depends on the value of an applicable Reference Formula and its respective 
positions compared to a Coupon Barrier. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a predetermined 
value, which may be in addition to a time accumulating component. This can 
be increased by the value of the applicable Reference Formula considered, 
which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or 
spread. This amount may be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
on previous Coupon Payment Dates. This amount can be subject to a defined 
accrual rate and/or defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these components 
can vary according to the scenario that occurs 
(h) 
Coupon Option 8: Twin Coupon Barrier Condition 
If the Flexible Barrier Coupon Type is specified as “Coupon Option 8: Twin Coupon 
Barrier Condition” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon 
Amount relating to each period, i, shall be determined as of the applicable Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_1(T) is 
[at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i) [and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or 
below] [below] CouponBarrier_2(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_1(i) + (LinearCoupon_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_1 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_1(i) + (LinearCouponCap_1 x i); CouponLeverage_1(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_1 
– 
CouponStrike_1(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_1(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1))} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_1 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_1(T) is 
[at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i) [and] [or] if 
ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or 
below] [below] CouponBarrier_2(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_2(i) + (LinearCoupon_2 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_2(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_2 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_2(i) + (LinearCouponCap_2 x i); CouponLeverage_2(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_2(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_2(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_2(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_2 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst 
the 2 possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends jointly on the value of the 
considered Reference Formula(e) and the position(s) in respect of the two 
Coupon Barriers. For first scenario to be satisfied, the conditions relating to 
both Coupon Barriers must be met, otherwise the second scenario will apply. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a predetermined 
value, which may be in addition to a time accumulating component. This can 
be increased by the value of an applicable Reference Formula considered, 
which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or 
spread. This amount may be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
on previous Coupon Payment Dates. This amount can be subject to a defined

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
 
accrual rate and/or defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these components 
can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
(i) 
Coupon Option 9: Twin Coupon Event Condition 
If the Flexible Barrier Coupon Type is specified as “Coupon Option 9: Twin Coupon 
Event Condition” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon 
Amount relating to each period, i, shall be determined as of the applicable Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if Coupon Barrier Event_1 [has] [has not] 
occurred [and] [or] Coupon Barrier Event_2 [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_1(i) + (LinearCoupon_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_1 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_1(i) + (LinearCouponCap_1 x i); CouponLeverage_1(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_1 
– 
CouponStrike_1(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_1(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1))} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_1 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if Coupon Barrier Event_1 [has] [has not] 
occurred [and] [or] Coupon Barrier Event_2 [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_2(i) + (LinearCoupon_2 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_2(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_2 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_2(i) + (LinearCouponCap_2 x i); CouponLeverage_2(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_2(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_2(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_2(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_2 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst 
the 2 possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends jointly on the value of the 
considered Reference Formula(e) and the position(s) in respect of the two 
Coupon Barriers. For first scenario to be satisfied, the conditions relating to 
both Coupon Barriers must be met, otherwise the second scenario will apply. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a predetermined 
value, which may be in addition to a time accumulating component. This can 
be increased by the value of an applicable Reference Formula considered, 
which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or 
spread. This amount may be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
on previous Coupon Payment Dates. This amount can be subject to a defined 
accrual rate and/or defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these components 
can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
(j) 
Coupon Option 10: Combined Coupon Barrier and Coupon Event Condition 
If the Flexible Barrier Coupon Type is specified as “Coupon Option 10: Combined 
Coupon Barrier and Coupon Event Condition” in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount relating to each period, i, shall be 
determined as of the applicable Coupon Valuation Date(i) by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_1(T) is 
[at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i) [and] [or] a 
Coupon Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_1(i) + (LinearCoupon_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_1 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_1(i) + (LinearCouponCap_1 x i); CouponLeverage_1(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_1 
– 
CouponStrike_1(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_1(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
 
1))} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_1 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition_1(T) is 
[at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i) [and] [or] a 
Coupon Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_2(i) + (LinearCoupon_2 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_2(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_2 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_2(i) + (LinearCouponCap_2 x i); CouponLeverage_2(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_2(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_2(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_2(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_2 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst 
the 2 possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends jointly on the value of the 
considered Reference Formula(e) and the position(s) in respect of the two 
Coupon Barriers. For first scenario to be satisfied, the conditions relating to 
both Coupon Barriers must be met, otherwise the second scenario will apply. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a predetermined 
value, which may be in addition to a time accumulating component. This can 
be increased by the value of an applicable Reference Formula considered, 
which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or 
spread. This amount may be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
on previous Coupon Payment Dates. This amount can be subject to a defined 
accrual rate and/or defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these components 
can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
(k) 
Coupon Option 11: Two Tier Coupon 
If the Flexible Barrier Coupon Type is specified as “Coupon Option 11: Two Tier 
Coupon” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount 
relating to each period, i, shall be determined as of the applicable Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition(T) is [at 
or above] [above] LowCouponBarrier_1(i) and [at or below] [below] 
HighCouponBarrier_1(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_1(i) + (LinearCoupon_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_1 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_1(i) + (LinearCouponCap_1 x i); CouponLeverage_1(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_1 
– 
CouponStrike_1(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_1(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1))} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_1 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition(T) is [at 
or below] [below] LowCouponBarrier_1(i) and [at or above] [above] 
HighCouponBarrier_1(i), but [at or above] [above] LowCouponBarrier_2(i) and 
[at or below] [below] HighCouponBarrier_2(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_2(i) + (LinearCoupon_2 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_2(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_2 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_2(i) + (LinearCouponCap_2 x i); CouponLeverage_2(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_2(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_2(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_2(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_2 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i)

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
 
(iii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition(T) is [at 
or below] [below] LowCouponBarrier_2(i) and [at or above] [above] 
HighCouponBarrier_2(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_3(i) + (LinearCoupon_3 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_3(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_3 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_3(i) + (LinearCouponCap_3 x i); CouponLeverage_3(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_3(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_3(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_3(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_3 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst 
the 3 possible:  
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value of the relevant 
Reference Formula applied to the coupon condition and of its position 
compared to the different Coupon Barriers. For the first scenario to be satisfied, 
the value of the applicable Reference Formula must be between the 
LowCouponBarrier_1 and HighCouponBarrier_1. If the value of the applicable 
reference formula is outside of this range, then scenario 2 will be satisfied if 
the value of the applicable Reference Formula 
is between the 
LowCouponBarrier_2 and HighCouponBarrier_2, which represents a wider 
range than LowCouponBarrier_1 and HighCouponBarrier_1. If  the value of the 
applicable Reference Formula is not between the LowCouponBarrier_2 and 
HighCouponBarrier_2, then the final scenario (scenario 3) will apply. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a predetermined 
value, which may be in addition to a time accumulating component. This can 
be increased by the value of an applicable Reference Formula considered, 
which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or leverage factor and/or 
spread. This amount may be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
on previous Coupon Payment Dates. This amount can be subject to a defined 
accrual rate and/or defined daycount fraction. Each of these components can 
vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
(l) 
Coupon Option 12: Three Tier Coupon 
If the Flexible Barrier Coupon Type is specified as “Coupon Option 12: Three Tier 
Coupon” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount 
relating to each period, i, shall be determined as of the applicable Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition(T) is [at 
or above] [above] LowCouponBarrier_1(i) and [at or below] [below] 
HighCouponBarrier_1(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_1(i) + (LinearCoupon_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_1 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_1(i) + (LinearCouponCap_1 x i); CouponLeverage_1(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_1 
– 
CouponStrike_1(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_1(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1))} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_1 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition(T) is [at 
or below] [below] LowCouponBarrier_1(i) and [at or above] [above] 
HighCouponBarrier_1(i), but [at or above] [above] LowCouponBarrier_2(i) and 
[at or below] [below] HighCouponBarrier_2(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_2(i) + (LinearCoupon_2 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_2(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_2 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_2(i) + (LinearCouponCap_2 x i); CouponLeverage_2(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_2(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_2(i)) 
+

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
 
CouponSpread_2(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_2 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
(iii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition(T) is [at 
or below] [below] LowCouponBarrier_2(i) and [at or above] [above] 
HighCouponBarrier_2(i), but [at or above] [above] LowCouponBarrier_3(i) and 
[at or below] [below] HighCouponBarrier_3(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_3(i) + (LinearCoupon_3 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_3(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_3 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_3(i) + (LinearCouponCap_3 x i); CouponLeverage_3(i) x 
(ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_3(T) 
+ 
CouponSpread_3(i)))) 
– 
(MemoryFactor_Coupon_3 
x 
SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1))} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_3 x CouponAccrualRate(i)) x DayCountFraction(i) 
(iv) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition(T) is [at 
or below] [below] LowCouponBarrier_3(i) and [at or above] [above] 
HighCouponBarrier_3(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_4(i) + (LinearCoupon_4 
x 
i) 
+ 
Max(CouponFloor_4(i) 
+ 
(LinearCouponFloor_4 
x 
i) 
; 
Min(CouponCap_3(i) + (LinearCouponCap_4 x i); CouponLeverage_4(i) x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_4(T) 
– 
CouponStrike_4(i)) 
+ 
CouponSpread_4(i)))) – (MemoryFactor_Coupon_4 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1)) 
} 
x 
(CouponAccrual_Factor_4 
x 
CouponAccrualRate(i)) 
x 
DayCountFraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst 
the 4 possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value of the relevant 
Reference Formula applied to the coupon condition and of its position 
compared to the different CouponBarriers. For the first scenario to be satisfied, 
the value of the applicable Reference Formula must be between the 
LowCouponBarrier_1 and HighCouponBarrier_1. If the value of the applicable 
reference formula is outside of this range, then scenario 2 will be satisfied if 
the value of the applicable Reference Formula is  between the 
LowCouponBarrier_2 and HighCouponBarrier_2, which represents a wider 
range than LowCouponBarrier_1 and HighCouponBarrier_1. If the value of the 
applicable reference formula is outside of the range of LowCouponBarrier_1 to 
HighCouponBarrier_1, then scenario 3 will be satisfied if the value of the 
applicable Reference Formula is  between the LowCouponBarrier_3 and 
HighCouponBarrier_3, 
which 
represents 
a 
wider 
range 
than 
LowCouponBarrier_2 and HighCouponBarrier_2. If  the value of the applicable 
Reference 
Formula 
is 
not 
between 
the 
LowCouponBarrier_3 
and 
HighCouponBarrier_3, then the final scenario (scenario 4) will apply. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a predetermined 
value, which may be in addition to a time accumulating component. This can 
be increased by the value of an applicable Reference Formula considered, 
which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and /or 
spread. This amount may be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
on previous Coupon Payment Dates. This amount can be subject to a defined 
accrual rate and/or defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these components 
can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
(m) 
Coupon Option 13: Tiered Range Accrual 
If the Flexible Barrier Coupon Type is specified as “Coupon Option 13: Tiered Range 
Accrual” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount 
relating to each period, i, shall be determined as of the applicable Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
 
On each Coupon Payment Date(i), the investor receives: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Coupon_1(i) x (Observations In 
Range_1(i) / Number of Range Observations(i))] + [Coupon_2(i) x (Observations In 
Range_2(i) / Number of Range Observations(i))] + [Coupon_3(i) x (Observations In 
Range_3(i) / Number of Range Observations(i))] 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date that is equal to the sum of up three potential values. Each of these 
values consists of a separate predetermined value multiplied by the the proportion of 
observations that the value of an applicable Underlying(s) (or Considered Reference 
Formula) is observed within a predefined range, whereby this predefined range can be 
different for each of these three separate predetermined values,  
(n) 
Coupon Barrier Events 
Where applicable, each applicable Coupon Barrier Event will be defined in the Final 
Terms as one of the following: 
(i) 
[A Coupon Barrier Event] [Coupon Barrier Event_1] [Coupon Barrier Event_2] 
occurs if the [closing price] [intraday price] [commodity reference price] [fixing] 
of [each] [at least one] [the] Underlying [has] [has not] been observed [at or 
above] [above] [at or below] [below] the Coupon Threshold(i) [starting from and 
[including] [excluding] the First Coupon Barrier Event Valuation Date up to and 
[including] [excluding] Coupon Valuation Date(i)] [starting from and [including] 
[excluding] the Coupon Valuation Date(i-1) up to and [including] [excluding] 
Coupon Valuation Date(i)] [during the Coupon Barrier Event Period] [on any 
Coupon Barrier Event Valuation Date] [on Coupon Valuation Date(i)]. 
(ii) 
[A Coupon Barrier Event] [Coupon Barrier Event_1] [Coupon Barrier Event_2] 
occurs if ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrierEvent(T) [has] [has not] been 
observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] [CouponEventThreshold(i)] 
[the Coupon Threshold(i)] [starting from and [including] [excluding] the First 
Coupon Barrier Event Valuation Date up to and [including] [excluding] Coupon 
Valuation Date(i)] [starting from and [including] [excluding] the Coupon 
Valuation Date(i-1) up to and [including] [excluding] Coupon Valuation Date(i)] 
[during the Coupon Barrier Event Period] [on any Coupon Barrier Event 
Valuation Date] [on Coupon Valuation Date(i)]. 
(iii) 
[A Coupon Barrier Event] [Coupon Barrier Event_1] [Coupon Barrier Event_2] 
occurs if the [closing price] [intraday price] [commodity reference price] [fixing] 
of [each] [at least one] [the] Underlying [has] [has not] been observed [at or 
above] [above] the High Coupon Threshold(i) [and] [or] the [closing price] 
[intraday price] [commodity reference price] [fixing] of [each] [at least one] [the] 
Underlying [has] [has not] been observed [at or above] [above] the Low 
Coupon Threshold(i) [starting from and [including] [excluding] the First Coupon 
Barrier Event Valuation Date up to and [including] [excluding] Coupon 
Valuation Date(i)] [starting from and [including] [excluding] the Coupon 
Valuation Date(i-1) up to and [including] [excluding] Coupon Valuation Date(i)] 
[during the Coupon Barrier Event Period] [on any Coupon Barrier Event 
Valuation Date] [on Coupon Valuation Date(i)]. 
(iv) 
[A Coupon Barrier Event] [Coupon Barrier Event_1] [Coupon Barrier Event_2] 
occurs if ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrierEvent(T) [has] [has not] has been 
observed [at or above] [above] [HighCouponEventThreshold(i)] [the High 
Coupon Threshold(i)] [and] ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrierEvent(T) [has] 
[has not] been observed [at or above] [above] [LowCouponEventThreshold(i)] 
[the Low Coupon Threshold(i)] [starting from and [including] [excluding] the 
First Coupon Barrier Event Valuation Date up to and [including] [excluding] 
Coupon Valuation Date(i)] [starting from and [including] [excluding] the Coupon 
Valuation Date(i-1) up to and [including] [excluding] Coupon Valuation Date(i)] 
[during the Coupon Barrier Event Period] [on any Coupon Barrier Event 
Valuation Date] [on Coupon Valuation Date(i)]. 
16.2 
Automatic Early Redemption

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and the Calculation 
Agent determine that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date or an Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), then unless the Products have been 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the 
Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) in respect of which the Autocall Event occurred at the 
Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the Conditions 
specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the same date as the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date or 
the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) corresponding to such final Autocall 
Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the 
final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts 
shall be payable in respect of such Products.  
(a) 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Autocall 
Redemption Date shall be the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any) pursuant 
to, the applicable Autocall Option below (as specified in the Final Terms). 
Any relevant Product Formula used to determine the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of the Product will be replicated in the applicable Final Terms with the values 
taken by the Variable Data, the ReferenceFormula(e), the necessary Schedule(s), as 
well as the indication of the specific Definitions. Furthermore, Product Formula or 
Product Formulas replicated in the applicable Final Terms may apply the Simplification 
Conventions and may substitute terminology as otherwise stated in the Payout 
Conditions. 
(i) 
Autocall Option 1: Single Autocall Condition 
If the Flexible Barrier Autocall Type is specified as “Autocall Option 1: Single 
Autocall Condition” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount relating to each period, i, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the applicable valuation date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
If the Autocall Condition has occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { 
ConstantAutocallRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
AutocallCoupon_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearAutocallCoupon_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallCoupon_1 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) + Max(AutocallFloor_1(i) + (LinearAutocallFloor_1 x i) + 
(AccrualAutocallFloor_1 x RecallAccrualFactor) ; Min(AutocallCap_1(i) + 
(LinearAutocallCap_1 x i) + (AccrualAutocallCap_1 x RecallAccrualFactor) ; 
(AutocallParticipation_1(i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallParticipation_1 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor)) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_AutocallAmount_1(i) 
– 
AutocallStrike_1(i)))) - (MemoryFactor_Autocall_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-
1))}  
Autocall Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product 
will be automatically redeemed early if the Autocall Condition is satisfied. If the 
Autocall Condition is satisfied the Product will be redeemed on the 
corresponding Autocall Redemption Date and will payout an Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. The Automatic Early Redemption Amount is equal to a 
predetermined value, which may be in addition a flat predetermined amount,  
and a time accumulating component. This amount can be increased by the 
value of an applicable Reference Formula considered, which may be subject 
to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and /or spread. This amount may

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
 
also be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid previously be the 
product. Should the Recall Accrual Factor be applicable (i.e. greater than 0), 
these amounts will also be annualised/accrued over time, meaning that this 
amount may vary depending on the timing of the Autocall Condition being 
satisfied.  
(ii) 
Autocall Option 2: Double Autocall Condition 
If the Flexible Barrier Autocall Type is specified as “Autocall Option 2: Double 
Autocall Condition” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount relating to each period, i, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the applicable valuation date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
If either Autocall Condition_1 [and] [or] Autocall Condition_2 have occurred, 
the Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { 
ConstantAutocallRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
AutocallCoupon_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearAutocallCoupon_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallCoupon_1 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) + Max(AutocallFloor_1(i) + (LinearAutocallFloor_1 x i) + 
(AccrualAutocallFloor_1 x RecallAccrualFactor) ; Min(AutocallCap_1(i) + 
(LinearAutocallCap_1 x i) + (AccrualAutocallCap_1 x RecallAccrualFactor) ; 
(AutocallParticipation_1(i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallParticipation_1 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor)) 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_AutocallAmount_1(i) 
– 
AutocallStrike_1(i)))) - (MemoryFactor_Autocall_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
}  
Autocall Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product 
will be automatically redeemed early if the first defined Autocall Condition 
and/or second defined Autocall Condition. If the first defined Autocall Condition 
and/or second defined Autocall Condition is satisfied the Product will be 
redeemed on the corresponding Autocall Redemption Date and will payout an 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount. The Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount is equal to a predetermined value, which may be in addition a flat 
predetermined amount,  and a time accumulating component. This amount can 
be increased by the value of an applicable Reference Formula considered, 
which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or 
spread. This amount may also be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts 
paid previously be the product. Should the Recall Accrual Factor be applicable 
(i.e. greater than 0), these amounts will also be annualised/accrued over time, 
meaning that this amount may vary depending on the timing of the Autocall 
Condition being satisfied. 
(iii) 
Autocall Option 3: Layered Autocall Conditions 
If the Flexible Barrier Autocall Type is specified as “Autocall Option 3: Layered 
Autocall Conditions” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount relating to each period, i, shall be 
determined as of the applicable valuation date by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
1) If Autocall Condition_1 has occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { 
ConstantAutocallRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
AutocallCoupon_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearAutocallCoupon_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallCoupon_1 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) 
+ 
Max(AutocallFloor_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearAutocallFloor_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallFloor_1 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) ; Min(AutocallCap_1(i) + (LinearAutocallCap_1 x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallCap_1 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) 
; 
(AutocallParticipation_1(i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallParticipation_1 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor)) x (ReferenceFormula_AutocallAmount_1(i) –

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
 
AutocallStrike_1(i))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Autocall_1 
x 
SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
2) If Autocall Condition_1 has not occurred and Autocall Condition_2 has 
occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { 
ConstantAutocallRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
AutocallCoupon_2(i) 
+ 
(LinearAutocallCoupon_2 
x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallCoupon_2 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) 
+ 
Max(AutocallFloor_2(i) 
+ 
(LinearAutocallFloor_2 
x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallFloor_2 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) ; Min(AutocallCap_2(i) + (LinearAutocallCap_2 x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallCap_2 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) 
; 
(AutocallParticipation_2(i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallParticipation_2 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor)) x (ReferenceFormula_AutocallAmount_2(i) – 
AutocallStrike_2(i)))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Autocall_2 
x 
SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
Autocall Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product 
will be automatically redeemed early if the first defined Autocall Condition and/ 
or second defined Autocall Condition. If the first defined Autocall Condition 
and/or second defined Autocall Condition is satisfied the Product will be 
redeemed on the corresponding Autocall Redemption Date and will payout an 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount. This Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 2 possible:  
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios initially depends on whether the 
first pre-defined Autocall Condition occurs or not. If this first Autocall 
Condition is satisfied, then the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
associated with the first scenario will apply. If the first Autocall 
Condition is not met, but the second Autocall Condition is satisfied, 
then the Automatic Early Redemption Amount corresponding to the 
second scenario will apply. 
o 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount in each of these scenarios 
is equal to a predetermined value, which may be in addition a flat 
predetermined amount, and a time accumulating component. This 
amount can be increased by the value of an applicable Reference 
Formula considered, which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or 
Leverage Factor and /or spread. This amount may also be decreased 
by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid previously be the product. Should 
the Recall Accrual Factor be applicable (i.e. greater than 0), these 
amounts will also be annualised/accrued over time, meaning that this 
amount may vary depending on the timing of the Autocall Condition 
being satisfied. Each of these components can vary according to the 
scenario that occurs. 
(iv) 
Autocall Option 4: Multiple Autocall Scenarios 
If the Flexible Barrier Autocall Type is specified as “Autocall Option 4: Multiple 
Autocall Scenarios” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount relating to each period, i, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the applicable valuation date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
1) If Autocall Condition_1 and Autocall Condition_2 have occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { 
ConstantAutocallRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
AutocallCoupon_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearAutocallCoupon_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallCoupon_1 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) 
+ 
Max(AutocallFloor_1(i) 
+ 
(LinearAutocallFloor_1 
x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallFloor_1 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) ; Min(AutocallCap_1(i) + (LinearAutocallCap_1 x

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallCap_1 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) 
; 
(AutocallParticipation_1(i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallParticipation_1 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor)) x (ReferenceFormula_AutocallAmount_1(i) – 
AutocallStrike_1(i)))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Autocall_1 
x 
SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1))}  
2) If Autocall Condition_1 has occurred and Autocall Condition_2 has not 
occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { 
ConstantAutocallRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
AutocallCoupon_2(i) 
+ 
(LinearAutocallCoupon_2 
x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallCoupon_2 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) 
+ 
Max(AutocallFloor_2(i) 
+ 
(LinearAutocallFloor_2 
x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallFloor_2 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) ; Min(AutocallCap_2(i) + (LinearAutocallCap_2 x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallCap_2 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) 
; 
(AutocallParticipation_2(i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallParticipation_2 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor)) x (ReferenceFormula_AutocallAmount_2(i) – 
AutocallStrike_2(i)))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Autocall_2 
x 
SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1))}  
3) If Autocall Condition_1 has not occurred and Autocall Condition_2 has 
occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { 
ConstantAutocallRedemptionLevel_3 
+ 
AutocallCoupon_3(i) 
+ 
(LinearAutocallCoupon_3 
x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallCoupon_3 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) 
+ 
Max(AutocallFloor_3(i) 
+ 
(LinearAutocallFloor_3 
x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallFloor_3 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) ; Min(AutocallCap_3(i) + (LinearAutocallCap_3 x 
i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallCap_3 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor) 
; 
(AutocallParticipation_3(i) 
+ 
(AccrualAutocallParticipation_3 
x 
RecallAccrualFactor)) x (ReferenceFormula_AutocallAmount_3(i) – 
AutocallStrike_3(i)))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Autocall_3 
x 
SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
Autocall Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product 
will be automatically redeemed early if the first defined Autocall Condition 
and/or second defined Autocall Condition. If the first defined autocall condition 
and/or second defined Autocall Condition is satisfied the Product will be 
redeemed on the corresponding Autocall Redemption Date and will payout an 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount. This Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 3 possible:  
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios initially depends on whether the 
first pre-defined Autocall Condition occurs or not. If this first Autocall 
Condition is satisfied, then the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
associated with the first scenario will apply. If the first Autocall 
Condition is not met, but the second Autocall Condition is satisfied, 
then the Automatic Early Redemption Amount corresponding to the 
second scenario will apply. If neither the first or second Autocall 
Condition is  met, but the third Autocall Condition is satisfied, then the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount corresponding to the third 
scenario will apply 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount in each of these scenarios 
is equal to a predetermined value, which may be in addition a flat 
predetermined amount, and a time accumulating component. This 
amount can be increased by the value of an applicable Reference 
Formula considered, which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or 
Leverage Factor and/or spread. This amount may also be decreased 
by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid previously be the product. Should 
the Recall Accrual Factor be applicable (i.e. greater than 0), these

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
 
amounts will also be annualised / accrued over time, meaning that this 
amount may vary depending on the timing of the Autocall Condition 
being satisfied. Each of these components can vary according to the 
scenario that occurs 
(b) 
Autocall Event(s) 
An Autocall Event means (and a Autocall Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
The Autocall Condition has occurred as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(ii) 
Autocall Condition_1 and Autocall Condition_2 have occurred as determined 
by the Calculation Agent 
(iii) 
Autocall Condition_1 has occurred or Autocall Condition_2 has occurred as 
determined by the Calculation Agent 
(c) 
Autocall Condition(s) 
The Autocall Condition, Autocall Condition_1 and / or Autocall Condition_2 can each 
be defined individually, where applicable, in the relevant Final Terms as one of the 
following 7 definitions: 
(i) 
Autocall Barrier, Periodic Observations 
On Autocall Observation Date(i), [Autocall Condition] [Autocall Condition_1] 
[Autocall Condition_2] is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
[ReferenceFormula_AutocallCondition_1(T)] 
[ReferenceFormula_AutocallCondition_2(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or 
below] [below] [AutocallBarrier(i)] [AutocallBarrier_1(i)] [AutocallBarrier_2(i)]. 
(ii) 
Autocall Barrier, Daily Observations 
On each [Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading 
Day] during the Autocall Observation Period, [Autocall Condition] [Autocall 
Condition_1] [Autocall Condition_2] is deemed to have occurred, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if the [Intraday Price] [Closing Price] 
[Commodity Reference Price] of [the] [at least one] [each] Underlying is [at or 
above] [above] [at or below] [below] the Autocall Barrier. 
(iii) 
Glider Condition, Periodic Observations 
On the Autocall Observation Date(i), [Autocall Condition] [Autocall 
Condition_1] [Autocall Condition_2] is deemed to have occurred, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if a Glider Event [has] [has not] occurred. 
(iv) 
Glider Condition, Daily Observations 
On each [Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading 
Day] during the Autocall Observation Period, [Autocall Condition] [Autocall 
Condition_1] [Autocall Condition_2] is deemed to have occurred, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if a Glider Event [has] [has not] occurred. 
(v) 
Memory Barrier Condition, Periodic Observations 
On the Autocall Observation Date(i), [Autocall Condition] [Autocall 
Condition_1] [Autocall Condition_2] is deemed to have occurred, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if a Memory Barrier Event has occurred 
on each Underlying. 
(vi) 
Memory Barrier Condition, Daily Observations 
On each [Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading 
Day] during the Autocall Observation Period, [Autocall Condition] [Autocall 
Condition_1] [Autocall Condition_2] is deemed to have occurred, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if a Memory Barrier Event has occurred 
on each Underlying. 
(vii) 
Target Accumulation Condition

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
 
On the Autocall Observation Date(i), [Autocall Condition] [Autocall 
Condition_1] [Autocall Condition_2] is deemed to have occurred, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if SumOfCouponsAccumulated(i) is 
[above [at or above] AutocallTargetThreshold. 
(d) 
Memory Barrier Event 
A Memory Barrier Event, where applicable, will be defined in the relevant Final Terms 
according to one of the following 4 definitions: 
(i) 
A Memory Barrier Event occurs on an Underlying if the [Underlying Return] 
[Underlying Performance] [ReferenceFormula_MemoryBarrierEvent] has been 
observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] [the Memory Barrier(i)] 
[MemoryBarrier(i)] on any Autocall Observation Date, or [the Memory Barrier] 
[MemoryBarrier(i)] on the Final Valuation Date. 
or 
(ii) 
A Memory Barrier Event occurs on an Underlying if the [Underlying Return] 
[Underlying Performance] [ReferenceFormula_MemoryBarrierEvent] has been 
observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] [the Memory Barrier(i)] 
[MemoryBarrier(i)] on any day during the Autocall Observation Period, or [the 
Memory Barrier] [Memory Barrier(i)] on the Final Valuation Date. 
or 
(iii) 
A Memory Barrier Event occurs on an Underlying if the [Underlying Return] 
[Underlying Performance] [ReferenceFormula_MemoryBarrierEvent] has been 
observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] [the Memory Barrier(i)] 
[MemoryBarrier(i)] on any Autocall Observation Date. 
or 
(iv) 
A Memory Barrier Event occurs on an Underlying if the [Underlying Return] 
[Underlying Performance] [ReferenceFormula_MemoryBarrierEvent] has been 
observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] [the Memory Barrier(i)] 
[MemoryBarrier(i)] on any day during the Autocall Observation Period.  
(e) 
Glider Event 
A Glider Event, where applicable, will be defined in the relevant Final Terms as one of 
the following 4 definitions: 
(i) 
A Glider Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on [each] [at 
least one] [Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying 
Trading Day] during the Glider Event Observation Period, the [Intraday Price] 
[Closing Price] [Commodity Reference Price] of [the] [at least one] [each] 
Underlying has [been observed] [not been observed] [remained] [at or above] 
[above] [at or below] [below] the Glider Event Threshold. [The entire Glider 
Event Observation Period must be fulfilled before a Glider Event can occur.] [A 
Glider Event can be deemed to occur at any time during the Glider Event 
Observation Period, provided that the aforementioned condition has occurred.] 
Or 
(ii) 
A Glider Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on [each] [at 
least one] [Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying 
Trading Day] during the Glider Event Observation Period, the [Underlying Daily 
Basket Return] [Underlying Daily Basket Performance] [Underlying Daily 
Average Basket Return] [Underlying Daily Average Basket Performance] 
[ReferenceFormula_GliderEvent] has [been observed] [not been observed] 
[remained] [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] [GliderThreshold] [the 
Glider Event Threshold]. [The entire Glider Event Observation Period must be 
fulfilled before a Glider Event can occur.] [A Glider Event can be deemed to 
occur at any time during the Glider Event Observation Period, provided that 
the aforementioned condition has occurred.] 
Or

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
 
(iii) 
A Glider Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on the Glider 
Event Observation Date, the [Intraday Price] [Closing Price] [Commodity 
Reference Price] of [the] [at least one] [each] Underlying is [at or above] 
[above] [at or below] [below] the Glider Event Threshold.  
Or 
(iv) 
A Glider Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on the Glider 
Event Observation Period, the [Underlying Daily Basket Return] [Underlying 
Daily Basket Performance] [Underlying Daily Average Basket Return] 
[Underlying 
Daily 
Average 
Basket 
Performance] 
[ReferenceFormula_GliderEvent] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] 
[GliderThreshold] [the Glider Event Threshold].  
16.3 
Final Redemption 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date or Delivery Date (as applicable) in 
accordance with the relevant Final Redemption Option specified and defined in the Final Terms 
for the Products (as applicable). 
Any relevant Product Formula used to determine the [Final] Redemption Amount of the Product 
will be replicated in the applicable Final Terms with the values taken by the Variable Data, the 
ReferenceFormula(e), the necessary Schedule(s), as well as the indication of the specific 
definitions. Furthermore, Product Formula or Product Formulas replicated in the applicable 
Final Terms may apply the Simplification Conventions and may substitute terminology as 
otherwise stated in the Payout Conditions. 
(a) 
Final Redemption Option 1: One Final Barrier 
If the Flexible Barrier Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 
1: No Barrier” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Final 
Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Final Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula:  
On the Maturity Date, the product holder receives: 
(i) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Cash Settlement”: 
Final Redemption Amount = Calculation Amount x { ConstantRedemptionLevel 
+ FinalCoupon + Max(FinalFloor; (LockInFactor x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap 
; 
FinalParticipation 
x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor) 
– 
FinalStrike))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Final 
x 
SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Delivery and Cash Settlement”: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount  
Final Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product 
pays on the Redemption Date (or Delivery Date if applicable) a Final 
Redemption Amount.  
o 
If the settlement will be by way of Cash Settlement, this Final 
Redemption Amount is equal to a predetermined value, which may 
include an additional predetermined fixed value. This can be increased 
by the value of an applicable Reference Formula considered, which 
may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and /or a 
pre-determined Adjustment Factor. This amount may also be 
decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid previously be the 
product.  
o 
Alternatively, the Final Redemption Amount corresponding to the final 
scenario (the third scenario) will be the defined Physical Delivery 
Amount if the settlement type is defined as Delivery and Cash 
Settlement. 
(b) 
Final Redemption Option 2: One Final Barrier

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
 
If the Flexible Barrier Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 
2: One Final Barrier” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Final 
Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Final Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula:  
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1; 
(LockInFactor_1 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_1(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
(A) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Cash Settlement”: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 + FinalCoupon_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2; 
(LockInFactor_2 
x 
LockInFloor) 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 
; 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_2(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) – FinalStrike_2))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 
x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(B) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Delivery and Cash Settlement”: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount  
Final Redemption Description; Unless previously redeemed, the Product 
pays on the Redemption Date (or Delivery Date if applicable) a Final 
Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation Date, the 
calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 2 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value of the 
relevant Reference Formula applied to the final redemption condition 
and of its position compared to the Final Barrier. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a predetermined value, which may include an additional 
predetermined fixed value. This can be increased by the value of an 
applicable Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and / or cap and / or leverage factor and /or a pre-determined 
adjustment factor. This amount may also be decreased by the sum of 
Coupon Amounts paid previously be the product. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
o 
Alternatively, the Final Redemption Amount corresponding to the final 
scenario (the third scenario) will be the defined Physical Delivery 
Amount if the settlement type is defined as Delivery and Cash 
Settlement. 
 
(c) 
Final Redemption Option 3: Two Final Barriers 
If the Flexible Barrier Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 
3: Two Final Barriers” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Final 
Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Final Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1; 
(LockInFactor_1 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_1(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 [and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] FinalBarrier_2, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
FinalCoupon_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2; 
(LockInFactor_2 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_2(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) 
– 
FinalStrike_2))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 [and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] FinalBarrier_2, then: 
(A) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Cash Settlement”: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_3 + FinalCoupon_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3; 
(LockInFactor_3 
x 
LockInFloor) 
; 
Min(FinalCap_3 
; 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_3(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_3) – FinalStrike_3))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_3 
x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(B) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Delivery and Cash Settlement”: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount  
Final Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product 
pays on the Redemption Date (or Delivery Date if applicable) a Final 
Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation Date, the 
calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 3 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on the value of the 
considered Reference Formula applied and its respective positions 
compared to the first Final Barrier. If the value of this Reference 
Formula does not meet the condition relative to the Final Barrier in the 
first scenario, the determination of which scenario is applicable (either 
the second or the third) depends on the value of the relevant 
Reference Formula applied to the second Final Barrier and of its 
position compared to this second Final Barrier. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a 
predetermined 
value, 
which 
may 
include 
an 
additional 
predetermined fixed value. This can be increased by the value of an 
applicable Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or a pre-determined 
Adjustment Factor. This amount may also be decreased by the sum of 
Coupon Amounts paid previously be the product. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
o 
Alternatively, the Final Redemption Amount corresponding to the final 
scenario (the third scenario) will be the defined Physical Delivery 
Amount if the settlement type is defined as Delivery and Cash 
Settlement. 
(d) 
Final Redemption Option 4: Three Final Barriers 
If the Flexible Barrier Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 
4: Three Final Barriers” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Final 
Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Final Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1; 
(LockInFactor_1 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_1(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 [and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] FinalBarrier_2, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
FinalCoupon_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2; 
(LockInFactor_2 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_2(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) 
– 
FinalStrike_2))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 [and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] FinalBarrier_2 [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_3(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_3, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_3 
+ 
FinalCoupon_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3; 
(LockInFactor_3 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_3(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_3) 
– 
FinalStrike_3))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid (i-1)) }  
(iv) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 [and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] FinalBarrier_2 [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_3(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_3, then: 
(A) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Cash Settlement”: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_4 + FinalCoupon_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4; 
(LockInFactor_4 
x 
LockInFloor) 
; 
Min(FinalCap_4 
; 
FinalParticipation_4 
x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_4(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_4) – FinalStrike_4))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_4 
x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(B) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Delivery and Cash Settlement”: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount  
Final Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product 
pays on the Redemption Date (or Delivery Date if applicable) a Final 
Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation Date, the 
calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 4 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on the value of the 
considered Reference Formula applied to the first Final Barrier and its  
respective positions compared to this Final Barrier. If the value of this 
Reference Formula does not meet the condition relative to the Final 
Barrier in the first scenario, then the the value of the Reference 
Formula applied to the second Final Barrier and its  respective 
positions compared to the second Final Barrier is considered for the 
second scenario. If the value of this Reference Formula does not meet 
this second condition relative to the second Final Barrier for scenario 
2, then the determination of which scenario is applicable (either the

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
 
third or the fourth) depends on the value of the relevant Reference 
Formula applied to the third Final Barrier and of its position compared 
to this FinalBarrier. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a 
predetermined 
value, 
which 
may 
include 
an 
additional 
predetermined fixed value. This can be increased by the value of an 
applicable Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and/or cap and/or leverage factor and/or a pre-determined 
Adjustment Factor. This amount may also be decreased by the sum of 
Coupon Amounts paid previously be the product. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
o 
Alternatively, the Final Redemption Amount corresponding to the final 
scenario (the third scenario) will be the defined Physical Delivery 
Amount if the settlement type is defined as Delivery and Cash 
Settlement. 
(e) 
Final Redemption Option 5: Redemption Barrier Event Only 
If the Flexible Barrier Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 
5: Final Barrier Event Only” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the 
Final Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Final Valuation Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Redemption Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1; 
(LockInFactor_1 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_1(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Redemption Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred, then: 
(A) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Cash Settlement”: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 + FinalCoupon_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2; 
(LockInFactor_2 
x 
LockInFloor) 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 
; 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_2(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) – FinalStrike_2))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 
x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) } 
(B) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Delivery and Cash Settlement”: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount 
Final Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product 
pays on the Redemption Date (or Delivery Date if applicable) a Final 
Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation Date, the 
calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 2 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on whether the pre-
defined Redemption Barrier Event occurs. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a 
predetermined 
value, 
which 
may 
include 
an 
additional 
predetermined fixed value. This can be increased by the value of an 
applicable Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or a pre-determined 
Adjustment Factor. This amount may also be decreased by the sum of 
Coupon Amounts paid previously be the product. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs.

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
 
o 
Alternatively, the Final Redemption Amount corresponding to the final 
scenario (the third scenario) will be the defined Physical Delivery 
Amount if the settlement type is defined as Delivery and Cash 
Settlement. 
(f) 
Final Redemption Option 6: Final Barrier and Redemption Barrier Event 
If the Flexible Barrier Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 
6: Final Barrier and Redemption Barrier Event” in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed, the Final Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Final Valuation Date in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1; 
(LockInFactor_1 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_1(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 [and] [or] a Redemption 
Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
FinalCoupon_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2; 
(LockInFactor_2 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_2(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) 
– 
FinalStrike_2))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 [and] [or] a Redemption 
Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
(A) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Cash Settlement”: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_3 + FinalCoupon_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3; 
(LockInFactor_3 
x 
LockInFloor) 
; 
Min(FinalCap_3 
; 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_3(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_3) – FinalStrike_3))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_3 
x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(B) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Delivery and Cash Settlement”: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount  
Final Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed,  the Product 
pays on the Redemption Date (or Delivery Date if applicable) a Final 
Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation Date, the 
calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 3 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on the value of the 
considered Reference Formula applied and its  respective positions 
compared to the first Final Barrier. If the value of this Reference 
Formula does not meet the condition relative to the Final Barrier in the 
first scenario, the determination of which scenario is applicable (either 
the second or the third) depends on whether the pre-defined 
Redemption Barrier Event occurs. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a 
predetermined 
value, 
which 
may 
include 
an 
additional 
predetermined fixed value. This can be increased by the value of an 
applicable Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or a pre-determined

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
 
Adjustment Factor. This amount may also be decreased by the sum of 
Coupon Amounts paid previously be the product. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
o 
Alternatively, the Final Redemption Amount corresponding to the final 
scenario (the third scenario) will be the defined Physical Delivery 
Amount if the settlement type is defined as Delivery and Cash 
Settlement. 
(g) 
Final Redemption Option 7: Two Final Barriers and Redemption Barrier Event 
If the Flexible Barrier Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 
7: Two Final Barriers and Redemption Barrier Event” in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed, the Final Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Final Valuation Date in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1; 
(LockInFactor_1 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_1(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 [and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] FinalBarrier_2, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
FinalCoupon_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2; 
(LockInFactor_2 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_2(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) 
– 
FinalStrike_2))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 [and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] FinalBarrier_2 [and] [or] a Redemption Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_3 
+ 
FinalCoupon_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3; 
(LockInFactor_3 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_3(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_3) 
– 
FinalStrike_3))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iv) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 [and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] FinalBarrier_2 [and] [or] a Redemption Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred, then: 
(A) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Cash Settlement”: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_4 + FinalCoupon_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4; 
(LockInFactor_4 
x 
LockInFloor) 
; 
Min(FinalCap_4 
; 
FinalParticipation_4 
x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_4(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_4) – FinalStrike_4))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_4 
x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(B) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Delivery and Cash Settlement”: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
 
Final Redemption Description; Unless previously redeemed,  the Product 
pays on the Redemption Date (or Delivery Date if applicable) a Final 
Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation Date, the 
calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 4 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on the value of the 
considered Reference Formula applied to the first Final Barrier and its  
respective positions compared to this Final Barrier. If the value of this 
Reference Formula does not meet the condition relative to the Final 
Barrier in the first scenario, then the the value of the Reference 
Formula applied to the second Final Barrier and its respective 
positions compared to the second Final Barrier is considered for the 
second scenario. If the value of this Reference Formula does not meet 
this second condition relative to the second Final Barrier for scenario 
2, then the determination of which scenario is applicable (either the 
third or the fourth) depends on whether the pre-defined Redemption 
Barrier Event occurs. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a 
predetermined 
value, 
which 
may 
include 
an 
additional 
predetermined fixed value. This can be increased by the value of an 
applicable Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and/or cap and/or leverage factor and/or a pre-determined 
Adjustment Factor. This amount may also be decreased by the sum of 
Coupon Amounts paid previously be the product. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
o 
Alternatively, the Final Redemption Amount corresponding to the final 
scenario (the third scenario) will be the defined Physical Delivery 
Amount if the settlement type is defined as Delivery and Cash 
Settlement. 
(h) 
Final Redemption Option 8: Final Barrier conditional on Redemption Barrier 
Event 
If the Flexible Barrier Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 
8: Final Barrier conditional on Redemption Barrier Event” in the Final Terms, then 
unless previously redeemed, the Final Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date, 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Final Valuation Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Redemption Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1; 
(LockInFactor_1 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_1(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Redemption Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at or above] 
[above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
FinalCoupon_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2; 
(LockInFactor_2 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_2(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) 
– 
FinalStrike_2))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Redemption Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at or above] 
[above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
(A) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Cash Settlement”:

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_3 + FinalCoupon_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3; 
(LockInFactor_3 
x 
LockInFloor) 
; 
Min(FinalCap_3 
; 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_3(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_3) – FinalStrike_3))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_3 
x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(B) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Delivery and Cash Settlement”: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount  
Final Redemption Description; Unless previously redeemed,  the Product 
pays on the Redemption Date (or Delivery Date if applicable) a Final 
Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation Date, the 
calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 3 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on whether the pre-
defined Redemption Barrier Event occurs. If this Redemption Barrier 
Event condition is not satisfied for the first scenario, the determination 
of which scenario is applicable (either the second or the third) depends 
on the value of the relevant Reference Formula applied to the Final 
Barrier and of its position compared to this Final Barrier. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a 
predetermined 
value, 
which 
may 
include 
an 
additional 
predetermined fixed value. This can be increased by the value of an 
applicable Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or a pre-determined 
adjustment factor. This amount may also be decreased by the sum of 
Coupon Amounts paid previously be the product. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
o 
Alternatively, the Final Redemption Amount corresponding to the final 
scenario (the third scenario) will be the defined Physical Delivery 
Amount if the settlement type is defined as Delivery and Cash 
Settlement. 
(i) 
Final Redemption Option 9: Two Final Barriers conditional on Redemption 
Barrier Event 
If the Flexible Barrier Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 
8: Final Barrier conditional on Redemption Barrier Event” in the Final Terms, then 
unless previously redeemed, the Final Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date, 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Final Valuation Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Redemption Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1; 
(LockInFactor_1 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_1(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Redemption Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at or above] 
[above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
FinalCoupon_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2; 
(LockInFactor_2 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_2(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) 
– 
FinalStrike_2))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Redemption Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at or above]

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
 
[above] 
[at 
or 
below] 
[below] 
FinalBarrier_1 
[and] 
[or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] FinalBarrier_2, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_3 
+ 
FinalCoupon_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3; 
(LockInFactor_3 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_3(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_3) 
– 
FinalStrike_3))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iv) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Redemption Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at or above] 
[above] 
[at 
or 
below] 
[below] 
FinalBarrier_1 
[and] 
[or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] FinalBarrier_2, then: 
(A) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Cash Settlement”: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_4 + FinalCoupon_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4; 
(LockInFactor_4 
x 
LockInFloor) 
; 
Min(FinalCap_4 
; 
FinalParticipation_4 
x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_4(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_4) – FinalStrike_4))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_4 
x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(B) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Delivery and Cash Settlement”: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount  
Final Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product 
pays on the Redemption Date (or Delivery Date if applicable) a Final 
Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation Date, the 
calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 4 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on whether the pre-
defined Redemption Barrier Event occurs. If this Redemption Barrier 
Event condition is not satisfied for the first scenario, then the the value 
of the Reference Formula applied to the first Final Barrier and its  
respective positions compared to the first Fina lBarrier is considered 
for the second scenario. If the value of this Reference Formula does 
not meet this second condition relative to the first Final Barrier for 
scenario 2, then the determination of which scenario is applicable 
(either the third or the fourth) depends on the value of the relevant 
Reference Formula applied to the second Final Barrier and of its 
position compared to this Final Barrier. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a 
predetermined 
value, 
which 
may 
include 
an 
additional 
predetermined fixed value. This can be increased by the value of an 
applicable Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and/or cap and/or leverage factor and/or a pre-determined 
adjustment factor. This amount may also be decreased by the sum of 
Coupon Amounts paid previously be the product. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
o 
Alternatively, the Final Redemption Amount corresponding to the final 
scenario (the third scenario) will be the defined Physical Delivery 
Amount if the settlement type is defined as Delivery and Cash 
Settlement. 
(j) 
Final Redemption Option 10: Final Barrier Event Only 
If the Flexible Barrier Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 
10: Final Barrier Event Only” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the 
Final Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall be determined by the

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
 
Calculation Agent as of the Final Valuation Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(i) 
On Valuation Date(T), if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1; 
(LockInFactor_1 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_1(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1))}  
(ii) 
On Valuation Date(T), if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
(A) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Cash Settlement”: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 + FinalCoupon_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2; 
(LockInFactor_2 
x 
LockInFloor) 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 
; 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_2(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) – FinalStrike_2))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 
x SumOfCouponsPaid (i-1)) } 
(B) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Delivery and Cash Settlement”: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount 
Final Redemption Description; Unless previously redeemed,  the Product 
pays on the Redemption Date (or Delivery Date if applicable) a Final 
Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation Date, the 
calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 2 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on whether the pre-
defined Final Barrier Event occurs. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a 
predetermined 
value, 
which 
may 
include 
an 
additional 
predetermined fixed value. This can be increased by the value of an 
applicable Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or a pre-determined 
Adjustment Factor. This amount may also be decreased by the sum of 
Coupon Amounts paid previously be the product. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
o 
Alternatively, the Final Redemption Amount corresponding to the final 
scenario (the second scenario) will be equal to the defined Physical 
Delivery Amount if the settlement type is defined as Delivery and Cash 
Settlement. 
(k) 
Final Redemption Option 11: Final Barrier Event and One Final Barrier 
If the Flexible Barrier Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 
11: Final Barrier Event and One Final Barrier” in the Final Terms, then unless previously 
redeemed, the Final Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Final Valuation Date in accordance with 
the following formula: 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, 
then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1; 
(LockInFactor_1 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_1(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) } 
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred 
[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at or above] [above] [at 
or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then:

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
FinalCoupon_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2; 
(LockInFactor_2 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_2(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) 
– 
FinalStrike_2))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred 
[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at or above] [above] [at 
or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
(A) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Cash Settlement”: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_3 + FinalCoupon_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3; 
(LockInFactor_3 
x 
LockInFloor) 
; 
Min(FinalCap_3 
; 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_3(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_3) – FinalStrike_3))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_3 
x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(B) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Delivery and Cash Settlement”: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount  
Final Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed,  the Product 
pays on the Redemption Date (or Delivery Date if applicable) a Final 
Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation Date, the 
calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 3 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on whether the pre-
defined Final Barrier Event occurs. If this Final Barrier Event condition 
is not satisfied for the first scenario, the determination of which 
scenario is applicable (either the second or the third) depends on the 
value of the relevant Reference Formula applied to the Final Barrier 
and of its position compared to this Final Barrier. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a 
predetermined 
value, 
which 
may 
include 
an 
additional 
predetermined fixed value. This can be increased by the value of an 
applicable Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or a pre-determined 
Adjustment Factor. This amount may also be decreased by the sum of 
Coupon Amounts paid previously be the product. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
o 
Alternatively, the Final Redemption Amount corresponding to the final 
scenario (the third scenario) will be the defined Physical Delivery 
Amount if the settlement type is defined as Delivery and Cash 
Settlement. 
(l) 
Final Redemption Option 12: Final Barrier Event and Two Final Barriers 
If the Flexible Barrier Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 
12: Final Barrier Event and Two Final Barriers” in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed, the Final Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Final Valuation Date in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, 
then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1; 
(LockInFactor_1 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_1(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }

--- Page 338 ---
338 
 
 
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred 
[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at or above] [above] [at 
or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
FinalCoupon_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2; 
(LockInFactor_2 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_2(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) 
– 
FinalStrike_2))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred 
[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at or above] [above] [at 
or 
below] 
[below] 
FinalBarrier_1 
[and] 
[or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] FinalBarrier_2, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_3 
+ 
FinalCoupon_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3; 
(LockInFactor_3 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_3(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_3) 
– 
FinalStrike_3))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iv) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred 
[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at or above] [above] [at 
or 
below] 
[below] 
FinalBarrier_1 
[and] 
[or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] FinalBarrier_2, then: 
(A) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Cash Settlement”: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_4 + FinalCoupon_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4; 
(LockInFactor_4 
x 
LockInFloor) 
; 
Min(FinalCap_4 
; 
FinalParticipation_4 
x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_4(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_4) – FinalStrike_4))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_4 
x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(B) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Delivery and Cash Settlement”: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount  
Final Redemption Description; Unless previously redeemed,  the Product 
pays on the Redemption Date (or Delivery Date if applicable) a Final 
Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation Date, the 
calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 4 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on whether the pre-
defined Final Barrier Event occurs. If this Final Barrier Event condition 
is not satisfied for the first scenario, then the the value of the Reference 
Formula applied to the first Fina lBarrier and its  respective positions 
compared to the first Final Barrier is considered for the second 
scenario. If the value of this Reference Formula does not meet this 
second condition relative to the first Final Barrier for scenario 2, then 
the determination of which scenario is applicable (either the third or the 
fourth) depends on the value of the relevant Reference Formula 
applied to the second FinalBarrier and of its position compared to this 
Final Barrier. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a 
predetermined 
value, 
which 
may 
include 
an 
additional 
predetermined fixed value. This can be increased by the value of an 
applicable Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and /or a pre-determined 
Adjustment Factor. This amount may also be decreased by the sum of 
Coupon Amounts paid previously be the product. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs.

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
 
o 
Alternatively, the Final Redemption Amount corresponding to the final 
scenario (the third scenario) will be the defined Physical Delivery 
Amount if the settlement type is defined as Delivery and Cash 
Settlement. 
(m) 
Final Redemption Option 13: Final Barrier Event and Redemption Barrier Event 
If the Flexible Barrier Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 
6: Final Barrier and Redemption Barrier Event” in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed, the Final Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Final Valuation Date in accordance 
with the following formula: 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, 
then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1; 
(LockInFactor_1 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_1(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred 
[and] [or] a Redemption Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
FinalCoupon_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2; 
(LockInFactor_2 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_2(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) 
– 
FinalStrike_2))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred 
[and] [or] a Redemption Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
(A) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Cash Settlement”: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_3 + FinalCoupon_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3; 
(LockInFactor_3 
x 
LockInFloor) 
; 
Min(FinalCap_3 
; 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_3(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_3) – FinalStrike_3))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_3 
x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(B) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Delivery and Cash Settlement”: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount  
Final Redemption Description; Unless previously redeemed,  the Product 
pays on the Redemption Date (or Delivery Date if applicable) a Final 
Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation Date, the 
calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 3 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on whether the pre-
defined Final Barrier Event occurs. If this Final Barrier Event condition 
is not satisfied for the first scenario, the determination of which 
scenario is applicable (either the second or the third) depends on 
whether the pre-defined Redemption Barrier Event occurs. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a 
predetermined 
value, 
which 
may 
include 
an 
additional 
predetermined fixed value. This can be increased by the value of an 
applicable Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or a pre-determined 
Adjustment Factor. This amount may also be decreased by the sum of 
Coupon Amounts paid previously be the product. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
o 
Alternatively, the Final Redemption Amount corresponding to the final

--- Page 340 ---
340 
 
 
scenario (the third scenario) will be the defined Physical Delivery 
Amount if the settlement type is defined as Delivery and Cash 
Settlement. 
(n) 
Final Redemption Option 14: Final Barrier Event, Final Barrier and Redemption 
Barrier Event 
If the Flexible Barrier Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 
14: Final Barrier Event, Final Barrier and Redemption Barrier Event” in the Final Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed, the Final Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity 
Date, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Final Valuation Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, 
then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1; 
(LockInFactor_1 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_1(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred 
[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at or above] [above] [at 
or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 [and] [or], then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
FinalCoupon_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2; 
(LockInFactor_2 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_2(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) 
– 
FinalStrike_2))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred 
[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at or above] [above] [at 
or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 [and] [or] a Redemption Barrier Event [has] 
[has not] occurred, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_3 
+ 
FinalCoupon_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3; 
(LockInFactor_3 x LockInFloor) ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_3(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_3) 
– 
FinalStrike_3))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iv) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred 
[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at or above] [above] [at 
or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 [and] [or] a Redemption Barrier Event [has] 
[has not] occurred, then: 
(A) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Cash Settlement”: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_4 + FinalCoupon_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4; 
(LockInFactor_4 
x 
LockInFloor) 
; 
Min(FinalCap_4 
; 
FinalParticipation_4 
x 
((ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_4(T) 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_4) – FinalStrike_4))) - (MemoryFactor_Final_4 
x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(B) 
If “Settlement Type” is specified to be “Delivery and Cash Settlement”: 
Final Redemption Amount = Physical Delivery Amount  
Final Redemption Description; Unless previously redeemed,  the Product 
pays on the Redemption Date (or Delivery Date if applicable) a Final 
Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation Date, the 
calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 4 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on whether the pre-
defined Final Barrier Event occurs. If this Final Barrier Event condition

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
 
is not satisfied for the first scenario, then the the value of the Reference 
Formula applied to the Final Barrier and its  respective positions 
compared to the Final Barrier is considered for the second scenario. If 
the value of this Reference Formula does not meet this second 
condition relative to the Fina lBarrier for scenario 2, then the 
determination of which scenario is applicable (either the third or the 
fourth) depends on whether the pre-defined Redemption Barrier Event 
occurs. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a 
predetermined 
value, 
which 
may 
include 
an 
additional 
predetermined fixed value. This can be increased by the value of an 
applicable Reference Formula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or a pre-determined 
Adjustment Factor. This amount may also be decreased by the sum of 
Coupon Amounts paid previously be the Product. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
o 
Alternatively, the Final Redemption Amount corresponding to the final 
scenario (the third scenario) will be the defined Physical Delivery 
Amount if the settlement type is defined as Delivery and Cash 
Settlement. 
(o) 
Physical Delivery Amount 
Physical Delivery Amount means that the Issuer shall redeem each Product by (1) 
delivery of (or procuring the delivery on its behalf of) the Physical Delivery Entitlement 
on the Delivery Date [in accordance with General Condition 6.2] and (2) payment of 
the Residual Cash Amount (if any) on the Delivery Date 
Physical Delivery Entitlement means, in respect of each Product, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the Conversion Ratio rounded 
down to the nearest whole unit of the Delivery Underlying. The Entitlement will be 
determined per Product without first aggregating the entire holding of Products held by 
an Investor. 
Delivery Underlying means either paragraph (a), (b), (c), or (d) below (as applicable 
and specified in the Final Terms):  
If the products are linked to one Underlying: 
(a) the Underlying  
If the products are linked to more than one Underlying: 
(b) each Underlying  
(c) 
the 
Underlying 
with 
the 
[highest] 
[lowest] 
ReferenceFormula_PhysicalDeliveryAmount as of the Final Valuation Date 
Delivery Date means the Redemption Date, subject to the provisions of General 
Condition 6. 
Conversion Ratio means, in respect of the Delivery Underlying, either (a) or (b) below 
(as applicable and specified in the Final Terms where relevant): 
(a) if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, a 
number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount / Settlement Initial Level 
(b) if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, a 
number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:  
Calculation Amount / (Settlement Initial Level × Settlement FX Rate)

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
 
Price Source means, in respect of a Settlement FX Rate, the price source, providing 
the relevant price of the Settlement FX Rate for the Products, specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
Residual Cash Amount means, in respect the Delivery Underlying, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with (a) or (b) below (as applicable 
and specified in the Final Terms where relevant): 
(a) if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, a 
number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(Conversion Ratio - Physical Delivery Entitlement) × Settlement Fixing Level 
(b) if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, a 
number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(Conversion Ratio - Physical Delivery Entitlement) × (Settlement Fixing 
Level×Settlement FX Rate) 
Settlement Fixing Level means the Level of the Delivery Underlying on the Final 
Valuation Date. 
Settlement FX Exchange Rate Valuation Time means, in respect of a Settlement FX 
Rate, the time specified as such in the Final Terms.  
Settlement FX Fixing Date means the Final Fixing Date in respect of the Delivery 
Underlying, provided that the Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions will apply to 
such date as if such date was an Underlying Valuation Date. 
Settlement FX Rate means, in respect of the Delivery Underlying and a Settlement FX 
Fixing Date, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Settlement 
Currency (or fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the Underlying Currency which 
appears on the Price Source at approximately the Settlement FX Exchange Rate 
Valuation Time, as determined by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT if the 
Underlying Currency is the same as the Settlement Currency the Settlement FX Rate 
in respect of such Underlying shall be deemed to be 1 (one). 
Settlement Initial Level means, in respect of the Delivery Underlying, either  
(a) the Initial Level of the Delivery Underlying or  
(b) the Strike Level, as specified in the Final Terms. 
(p) 
Redemption Barrier Event 
A Redemption Barrier Event, where applicable, will be defined in the relevant Final 
Terms according to one of the following definitions: 
(i) 
A Redemption Barrier Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
if ReferenceFormula_RedemptionBarrierEvent(T) is [at or above] [above] [at 
or below] [below] FinalRedemptionBarrierThreshold on the [Final Valuation 
Date] [Redemption Barrier Observation Date]. 
Or 
(ii) 
A Redemption Barrier Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
if on the [Final Valuation Date] [Redemption Barrier Observation Date], the 
[Intraday Price] [Closing Price] [Commodity Reference Price] of [the] [at least 
one] [each] Underlying has been observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] the Redemption Barrier Threshold.  
Or 
(iii) 
A Redemption Barrier Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
if on at least one [Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying 
Trading Day] during the Redemption Barrier Observation Period, the [Intraday 
Price] [Closing Price] [Commodity Reference Price] of [the] [at least one] [each] 
Underlying has been observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] the 
Redemption Barrier Threshold.

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
 
Or 
(iv) 
A Redemption Barrier Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
if on at least one [Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying 
Trading Day] during the Redemption Barrier Observation Period, the 
[Underlying Daily Basket Return] [Underlying Daily Basket Performance] 
[Underlying Daily Average Basket Return] [Underlying Daily Average Basket 
Performance] has been observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] 
[the Redemption Barrier Threshold] [FinalRedemptionBarrierThreshold]. 
Or 
(v) 
A Redemption Barrier Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
if on at least one [Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying 
Trading 
Day] 
during 
the 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period, 
ReferenceFormula_RedemptionBarrierEvent(T) has been observed [at or 
above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalRedemptionBarrierThreshold. 
Or 
(vi) 
A Redemption Barrier Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
if: 
(A) 
ReferenceFormula_RedemptionBarrierEvent(T) is [at or above] 
[above] [at or below] [below] FinalRedemptionBarrierThreshold on the 
[Final Valuation Date] [Redemption Barrier Observation Date] , and 
(B) 
a Final Deactivation Event has not occurred 
Or 
(vii) 
A Redemption Barrier Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
if  
(A) 
on at least one [Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] during the Redemption Barrier Observation 
Period, the [Intraday Price] [Closing Price] [Commodity Reference 
Price] of [the] [at least one] [each] Underlying has been observed [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] the Redemption Barrier 
Threshold, and 
(B) 
a Final Deactivation Event has not occurred 
Or 
(viii) 
A Redemption Barrier Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
if  
(A) 
on at least one [Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] during the Redemption Barrier Observation 
Period, the [Underlying Daily Basket Return] [Underlying Daily Basket 
Performance] [Underlying Daily Average Basket Return] [Underlying 
Daily Average Basket Performance] has been observed [at or above] 
[above] [at or below] [below] [the Redemption Barrier Threshold] 
[FinalRedemptionBarrierThreshold], and 
(B) 
a Final Deactivation Event has not occurred 
Or 
(ix) 
A Redemption Barrier Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
if  
(A) 
on at least one [Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] during the Redemption Barrier Observation 
Period, ReferenceFormula_RedemptionBarrierEvent(T) has been 
observed 
[at 
or 
above] 
[above] 
[at 
or 
below] 
[below] 
FinalRedemptionBarrierThreshold and 
(B) 
a Final Deactivation Event has not occurred

--- Page 344 ---
344 
 
 
(q) 
Final Deactivation Event 
A Final Deactivation Event, where applicable, will be defined in the relevant Final Terms 
according to one of the following definitions: 
(i) 
A Final Deactivation Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if 
ReferenceFormula_FinalDeactivationEvent(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or 
below] [below] FinalDeactivationThreshold on the [Final Valuation Date] [Final 
Deactivation Observation Date]. 
Or 
(ii) 
A Final Deactivation Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if 
on the [Final Valuation Date] [Final Deactivation Observation Date], the 
[Intraday Price] [Closing Price] [Commodity Reference Price] of [the] [at least 
one] [each] Underlying has been observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] the Deactivation Threshold.  
Or 
(iii) 
A Final Deactivation Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if 
on at least one [Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying 
Trading Day] during the Final Deactivation Event Observation Period, the 
[Intraday Price] [Closing Price] [Commodity Reference Price] of [the] [at least 
one] [each] Underlying has been observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] the Deactivation Threshold.  
Or 
(iv) 
A Final Deactivation Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if 
on at least one [Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying 
Trading Day] during the Final Deactivation Event Observation Period, the 
[Underlying Daily Basket Return] [Underlying Daily Basket Performance] 
[Underlying Daily Average Basket Return] [Underlying Daily Average Basket 
Performance] has been observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] 
[FinalDeactivationThreshold] [the Deactivation Threshold]. 
(r) 
Final Barrier Event 
A Final Barrier Event, where applicable, will be defined in the relevant Final Terms 
according to one of the following definitions: 
(i) 
A Final Barrier Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if the 
Final Barrier Condition [has] [has not] occurred. 
Or 
(ii) 
A Final Barrier Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if the 
Final Barrier Condition_1 [has] [has not] occurred and Final Barrier 
Condition_2 [has] [has not]occurred. 
(s) 
Final Barrier Condition(s) 
The Final Barrier Condition, Final Barrier Condition_1 and / or Final Barrier Condition_2 
can each be defined individually, where applicable, in the relevant Final Terms as one 
of the following: 
(i) 
Final Condition Barrier, Single Observation 
On the Final Valuation Date, [Final Barrier Condition] [Final Barrier 
Condition_1] [Final Barrier Condition_2] is deemed to have occurred, as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
[ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrierEventCondition_1(T)] 
[ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrierCondition_2(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or 
below] 
[below] 
[FinalConditionBarrier] 
[FinalConditionBarrier_1] 
[FinalConditionBarrier_2]. 
(ii) 
Final Condition Barrier, Periodic Observations 
On the Final Valuation Date, [Final Barrier Condition] [Final Barrier 
Condition_1] [Final Barrier Condition_2] is deemed to have occurred, as

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
[ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrierEventCondition_1(T)] 
[ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrierCondition_2(T)] has closed [at or above] 
[above] [at or below] [below] [FinalConditionBarrier] [FinalConditionBarrier_1] 
[FinalConditionBarrier_2] on any Final Condition Barrier Observation Date. 
(iii) 
Final Condition Barrier, Daily Observations 
On the Final Valuation Date, [Final Barrier Condition] [Final Barrier 
Condition_1] [Final Barrier Condition_2] is deemed to have occurred, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if the [Intraday Price] [Closing Price] 
[Commodity Reference Price] of [the] [at least one] [each] Underlying is [at or 
above] [above] [at or below] [below] the Final Conditional Barrier on any 
[Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] 
during the Final Condition Barrier Observation Period. 
(iv) 
Memory Barrier Condition 
On the Final Valuation Date, [Final Barrier Condition] [Final Barrier 
Condition_1] [Final Barrier Condition_2] is deemed to have occurred, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if a Memory Redemption Event has 
occurred on each Underlying. 
(v) 
Target Accumulation Condition 
On the Final Valuation Date, [Final Barrier Condition] [Final Barrier 
Condition_1] [Final Barrier Condition_2] is deemed to have occurred, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if SumOfCouponsAccumulated(i) is at or 
above the FinalTargetThreshold. 
(t) 
Barrier Event Naming Conventions 
In order to improve understanding and clarity in the Final Terms of individual products, 
the names and definitions specified in the Final Terms in relation to any Redemption 
Barrier Events and Final Barrier Events, as well as references in the scenarios and 
formulas relating to these, may be substituted in the Final Terms by the following terms:  
− 
Knock-In Event 
− 
Knock-Out Event 
− 
Lock-In Event 
− 
Capital Barrier Event 
− 
Final Target Event 
This may apply to the high level definition “Final Barrier Event” and / or “Redemption 
Barrier Event”, or sub definitions, such as “Final Barrier Condition” or “Final Barrier 
Condition_1”. Where relevant and appropriate, terms and definitions that fall under and 
related to these Events may be renamed in line with the substituted naming given to 
the applicable Event. For example, if a Final Barrier Event has been substituted by the 
term “Lock-In Event”, the term “Final Condition Barrier Observation Date” may be 
renamed in the Final Terms as “Lock-In Observation Date”. 
16.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If “Redemption at the Option of the Issuer” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (the details of which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Issuer may, in 
accordance with the Issuer Option Notice Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
redeem all of the Products on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Products 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount. 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
If, at the option of the Issuer, the Products may be redeemed on Optional Redemption 
Date(i) and the Optional Redemption Amount shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 346 ---
346 
 
 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(i) 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantOptionalRedemptionLevel(i) 
+ 
OptionalRedemptionCoupon(i) 
+ 
(LinearOptionalRedemptionCoupon x i) - (MemoryFactor_OptionalRedemption x 
SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
Optional Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, if at the option of 
the Issuer the products are redeemed on the Optional Redemption Date(s) and will pay 
an Optional Redemption Amount. This Optional Redemption Amount is equal to a 
predetermined value that may be increased by an additional predetermined value 
and/or an amount that has accumulated according to the number of periods elapsed. 
This amount may also be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid previously 
by the Product 
16.5 
Redemption at the Option of the Product Holder 
If “Redemption at the Option of the Product Holder” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms (the details of which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Product 
Holder may, in accordance with the Product Holder Option Notice Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, redeem the Products on any Puttable Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption of Products shall be at their Puttable Redemption Amount. If the applicable 
Products are Notes, the relevant Notes may not be redeemed at the option of of the Product 
Holder. 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
If, at the option of the Product Holder, the Products may be redeemed on Puttable 
Redemption Date(i) and the Puttable Redemption Amount shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Puttable 
Redemption 
Amount(i) 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
ConstantPuttableRedemptionLevel(i)  
Puttable Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, if at the option of 
the Product Holder the products are redeemed on the Puttable Redemption Date(s) 
and will pay an Puttable Redemption Amount. This Puttablle Redemption Amount is 
equal to a predetermined value. 
16.6 
Variable Data 
When applicable, the following Variable Data shall be specified when relevant in the applicable 
Final Terms. These Variable Data may be an amount, a percentage, the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product.  
Where relevant, in accordance with the Simplification Convention, these values may be defined 
and specified in the applicable Final Terms by replacing their values in the relevant Product 
Formula(e) and / or associated definitions. Likewise, , in accordance with the Simplification 
Convention, the value of the Variable Data does not need to be specified in the Final Terms or 
the applicable Product Formulae if its value has no impact or relevance to the solved value of 
the applicable formula.  
A suffix, such as “(i)” or “(d)”, may be added to the data, where applicable, in order to indicate 
its value in respect of a specific date, schedule or period. For example, Coupon_1(i) refers to 
the value of Coupon_1 in respect of Period(i) and thus Valuation Date(i), Coupon Valuation 
Date(i), Coupon Payment Date(i), Coupon Amount(i) and so on. 
Furthermore, Variable Data schedule reference items that may be added to the Variable Data 
as a suffix in brackets in connect to product formulas, including “i”, “d” or “T”, may be substituted 
with other values if necessary to match the required defined schedule in the Final Terms. For 
example, “i” may be substituted for the numeric value relating to one specific period (e.g. 
Coupon(i) can be Coupon(2) in the applicable product formula). Alternatively, the items may be 
substituted if multiple schedules are required in the same product (e.g. Coupon(i) can be 
substituted by Coupon(m) if this is related to Valuation Date(m) and Payment Date(m)). Such 
schedules will be defined in the Final Terms. 
Where applicable, variable data may be either a positive, negative or nul (zero) value, 
percentage or amount.

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
 
AccrualAutocallCap refers to what is defined for "AccrualAutocallCap[_1/2/3]" . This may be 
defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
AccrualAutocallCap[_1/2/3] refers to the level or percentage or amount that can be reached 
by the component of a Product Formula relating to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount to 
which it is applied. This level or percentage or amount is directly related to the Accrual Factor. 
AccrualAutocallCoupon refers to what is defined for "AccrualAutocallCoupon[_1/2/3]”. This 
may be defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
AccrualAutocallCoupon[_1/2/3] means the conditional payment paid upon an Early 
Automatic Redemption of the Products that is subject to the Accrual Factor. This amount can 
be adjusted according to other elements in the applicable Product Formulas. 
AccrualAutocallFloor refers to what is defined for "AccrualAutocallFloor[_1/2/3]". This may be 
defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
AccrualAutocallFloor[_1/2/3] refers to the Minimum level or percentage or amount that can 
be realised by the component of a Product Formula relating to the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount to which it is applied. This level or percentage or amount is directly related to the 
Accrual Factor. 
AccrualAutocallParticipation 
refers 
to 
what 
is 
defined 
for 
"AccrualAutocallParticipation[_1/2/3]”. This may be defined for each applicable valuation, 
observation or payment date i where necessary. 
AccrualAutocallParticipation[_1/2/3] means the multiplicative factor applied to one or several 
component(s) of a Product Formula in order to either increase or decrease the exposure to 
these component(s) of a Product Formula relating to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
to which it is applied. The value of this multiplicative factor is directly related to the Accrual 
Factor. 
AutocallBarrier refers to what is defined for "AutocallBarrier[_1/2]”. This may be defined for 
each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
AutocallBarrier[_1/2] means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Autocall Event. 
AutocallCap refers to what is defined for "AutocallCap[_1/2/3]" . This may be defined for each 
applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
AutocallCap[_1/2/3] refers to the level or percentage or amount that can be reached by the 
component of a Product Formula relating to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount to which 
it is applied. 
AutocallCoupon refers to what is defined for "AutocallCoupon[_1/2/3]”. This may be defined 
for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
AutocallCoupon[_1/2/3] means the fixed or conditional payment paid upon an Early Automatic 
Redemption of the Products. This amount can be adjusted according to other elements in the 
applicable Product Formulas. 
AutocallFloor refers to what is defined for "AutocallFloor[_1/2/3]". This may be defined for 
each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
AutocallFloor[_1/2/3] refers to the Minimum level or percentage or amount that can be realised 
by the component of a Product Formula relating to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount to 
which it is applied. 
AutocallParticipation refers to what is defined for "AutocallParticipation[_1/2/3]”. This may be 
defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
AutocallParticipation[_1/2/3] means the multiplicative factor applied to one or several 
component(s) of a Product Formula in order to either increase or decrease the exposure to 
these component(s) of a Product Formula relating to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
to which it is applied. 
AutocallStrike refers to what is defined for "AutocallStrike[_1/2/3]”. This may be defined for 
each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary.

--- Page 348 ---
348 
 
 
AutocallStrike[_1/2/3] refers to the amount, level, performance, return or value of the relevant 
Underlying(s) that (are) used to adjust the exposure and / or entry point into the participation in 
the relevant, level, performance, return or value of the Underlying(s) for the calculation of the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
AutocallTargetThreshold means a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Autocall Event. 
ConstantAutocallRedemptionLevel 
refers 
to 
what 
is 
defined 
for 
"ConstantAutocallRedemptionLevel[_1/2/3/4]”.  
ConstantAutocallRedemptionLevel [_1/2/3/4] means a constant amount, percentage or level 
that are applicable in the Product Formula used to determine the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount. 
ConstantOptionalRedemptionLevel means a constant amount, percentage or level that are 
applicable in the Product Formula used to determine the Optional Redemption Amount. 
ConstantPuttableRedemptionLevel means a constant amount, percentage or level that are 
applicable in the Product Formula used to determine the Optional Redemption Amount. 
ConstantRedemptionLevel 
refers 
to 
what 
is 
defined 
for 
"ConstantRedemptionLevel[_1/2/3/4]”.  
ConstantRedemptionLevel [_1/2/3/4] means a constant amount, percentage or level that are 
applicable in the Product Formula used to determine the Final Redemption Amount. 
CountThreshold means a barrier that triggers an adjustment or the occurrence of an Event. 
Coupon refers to what is defined for "Coupon[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be defined for each 
applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
Coupon[_1/2/3/4] means the fixed or conditional payment paid periodically or upon an Early 
Automatic Redemption or Final Redemption of the Products. This amount can be adjusted 
according to other elements in the applicable Product Formulas. 
CouponAccrual_Factor refers to what is defined for " CouponAccrual_Factor[_1/2/3/4]" 
CouponAccrual_Factor[_1/2/3/4] refers to the portion of the coupon accrual rate that is 
applied in the Product Formula relating to the Coupon Amount to which it is applied. 
CouponBarrier refers to what is defined for "CouponBarrier[_1/2]”. This may be defined for 
each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
CouponBarrier[_1/2] means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the Coupon Amount(s) or 
the occurrence of an Event. 
CouponCap refers to what is defined for "CouponCap[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be defined for each 
applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
CouponCap[_1/2/3/4] refers to the maximum level or percentage or amount that can be 
reached by the component of a Product Formula relating to the Coupon Amount to which it is 
applied. 
CouponEventThreshold means a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the Coupon 
Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
CouponFloor refers to what is defined for "CouponFloor[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be defined for 
each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
CouponFloor[_1/2/3/4] refers to the Minimum level or percentage or amount that can be 
realised by the component of a Product Formula relating to the Coupon Amount to which it is 
applied. 
CouponLeverage refers to what is defined for "CouponLeverage[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be 
defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
CouponLeverage[_1/2/3/4] means the multiplicative factor applied to one or several 
component(s) of a Product Formula in order to either increase or decrease the exposure to 
these component(s) of a Product Formula relating to the Coupon Amount to which it is applied.

--- Page 349 ---
349 
 
 
CouponStrike refers to what is defined for "CouponStrike[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be defined for 
each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
CouponStrike[_1/2/3/4] refers to the amount, level, performance, return or value of the 
relevant Underlying(s) that (are) used to adjust the exposure and / or entry point into the 
participation in the relevant, level, performance, return or value of the Underlying(s) for the 
calculation of the Coupon Amount. 
CouponSpread refers to what is defined for "CouponStrike[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be defined for 
each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
CouponSpread[_1/2/3/4] means the amount, value or percentage to be added to the relevant 
fixing, level, performance, return, rate or value. 
DayCountFraction means the Day Count Fraction defined where applicable for the calculation 
of the Coupon Amount. 
FinalAdjustmentFactor refers to what is defined for "FinalAdjustmentFactor[_1/2/3/4]" .  
FinalAdjustmentFactor[_1/2/3/4] means the multiplicative inverse factor applied to the level, 
performance, return or value of the relevant Underlying(s) or components applicable to a 
Product Formula relating to the Final Redemption Amount to which it is applied. 
FinalBarrier refers to what is defined for "FinalBarrier[_1/2/3]”.  
FinalBarrier[_1/2/3] means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the Final Redemption 
Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
FinalConditionBarrier refers to what is defined for "FinalConditionBarrier[_1/2]”.  
FinalConditionBarrier[_1/2] means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the Final 
Redemption Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
FinalCoupon refers to what is defined for "FinalCoupon[_1/2/3/4].  
FinalCoupon[_1/2/3/4] means the fixed or conditional payment paid upon the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Products. This amount can be adjusted according to other elements 
in the applicable Product Formulas. 
FinalCap refers to what is defined for "FinalCap[_1/2/3/4]" .  
FinalCap[_1/2/3/4] refers to the level or percentage or amount that can be reached by the 
component of a Product Formula relating to the Final Redemption Amount to which it is applied. 
FinalDeactivationThreshold means a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the Final 
Redemption Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
FinalFloor refers to what is defined for "FinalFloor[_1/2/3/4]" 
FinalFloor[_1/2/3/4] refers to the Minimum level or percentage or amount that can be realised 
by the component of a Product Formula relating to the Final Redemption Amount to which it is 
applied. 
FinalParticipation refers to what is defined for "FinalParticipation[_1/2/3/4]”.  
FinalParticipation[_1/2/3/4] means the multiplicative factor applied to one or several 
component(s) of a Product Formula in order to either increase or decrease the exposure to 
these component(s) of a Product Formula relating to the Final Redemption Amount to which it 
is applied. 
FinalRedemptionBarrierThreshold means a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the Final 
Redemption Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
FinalStrike refers to what is defined for "FinalStrike[_1/2/3/4]" .  
FinalStrike[_1/2/3/4] refers to the amount, level, performance, return or value of the relevant 
Underlying(s) that (are) used to adjust the exposure and / or entry point into the participation in 
the relevant, level, performance, return or value of the Underlying(s) for the calculation of the 
Final Redemption Amount. 
FinalTargetThreshold means a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the Final Redemption 
Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event.

--- Page 350 ---
350 
 
 
GliderThreshold means a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
HighRangeAccrualThreshold 
refers 
to 
what 
is 
defined 
for 
" 
HighRangeAccrualThreshold[_1/2/3]". This may be defined for each applicable valuation, 
observation or payment date i where necessary. 
HighRangeAccrualThreshold[_1/2/3] refers to a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the 
Coupon Amount(s). 
HighCouponEventThreshold means a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the Coupon 
Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
HighCouponBarrier refers to what is defined for "HighCouponBarrier[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be 
defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
HighCouponBarrier[_1/2/3/4] means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the Coupon 
Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
LinearAutocallCap refers to what is defined for "LinearAutocallCap[_1/2/3”]. This may be 
defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
LinearAutocallCap[_1/2/3] refers to the level or percentage or amount that can be reached by 
the component of a Product Formula relating to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount to 
which it is applied. This is a direct function of the number of periods the Product has observed. 
LinearAutocallCoupon refers to what is defined for "LinearCoupon[_1/2/3]”. This may be 
defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
LinearAutocallCoupon[_1/2/3] means the conditional payment paid upon an Early Automatic 
Redemption of the Products that is a direct function of the number of periods the Product has 
observed. This amount can be adjusted according to other elements in the applicable Product 
Formulas. 
LinearAutocallFloor refers to what is defined for "LinearAutocallFloor[_1/2/3]”. This may be 
defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
LinearAutocallFloor[_1/2/3] refers to the Minimum level or percentage or amount that can be 
realised by the component of a Product Formula relating to the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount to which it is applied. This is a direct function of the number of periods the Product has 
observed. 
LinearCoupon refers to what is defined for "LinearCoupon[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be defined for 
each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
LinearCoupon[_1/2/3/4] means the conditional payment paid periodically or upon an Early 
Automatic Redemption or Final Redemption of the Products that is a direct function of the 
number of periods the Product has observed. This amount can be adjusted according to other 
elements in the applicable Product Formulas. 
LinearCouponCap refers to what is defined for "LinearCouponCap[_1/2/3/4”]. This may be 
defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
LinearCouponCap[_1/2/3/4] refers to the level or percentage or amount that can be reached 
by the component of a Product Formula relating to the Coupon Amount to which it is applied. 
This is a direct function of the number of periods the Product has observed. 
LinearCouponFloor refers to what is defined for "LinearCouponFloor[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be 
defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
LinearCouponFloor[_1/2/3/4] refers to the Minimum level or percentage or amount that can 
be realised by the component of a Product Formula relating to the Coupon Amount to which it 
is applied. This is a direct function of the number of periods the Product has observed. 
LinearOptionalRedemptionCoupon means the conditional payment paid upon an Optional 
Redemption of the Products that is a direct function of the number of periods the Product has 
observed. This amount can be adjusted according to other elements in the applicable Product 
Formulas. 
LockInFactor refers to what is defined for "LockInFactor[_1/2/3/4]"

--- Page 351 ---
351 
 
 
LockInFactor[_1/2/3/4] refers to the portion of the factor that is applied in the Product Formula 
relating to the lock in floor amount to which it is applied in the calculation of the Final 
Redemption Amount. 
LowCouponEventThreshold means a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the Coupon 
Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
LowCouponBarrier refers to what is defined for "LowCouponBarrier[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be 
defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
LowCouponBarrier[_1/2/3/4] means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the Coupon 
Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
LowRangeAccrualThreshold 
refers 
to 
what 
is 
defined 
for 
"LowRangeAccrualThreshold[_1/2/3]". This may be defined for each applicable valuation, 
observation or payment date i where necessary. 
LowRangeAccrualThreshold[_1/2/3] refers to a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the 
Coupon Amount(s). 
MemoryBarrier means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount(s) or the Final Redemption Amount or the occurrence of an Event. 
MemoryFactor_Autocall refers to what is defined for "MemoryFactor_Autocall[_1/2/3/4]" 
MemoryFactor_Autocall[_1/2/3/4] refers to the portion of previously paid Coupons that are 
deducted from the automatic early redemption amount calculation in the Product Formula 
relating to the Automatic Early Redemption Amount to which it is applied. 
MemoryFactor_Coupon refers to what is defined for "MemoryFactor_Coupon[_1/2/3/4]" 
MemoryFactor_Coupon[_1/2/3/4] refers to the portion of previously paid Coupons that are 
deducted from the coupon calculation in the Product Formula relating to the Coupon Amount 
to which it is applied. 
MemoryFactor_Final refers to what is defined for "MemoryFactor_Final[_1/2/3/4]" 
MemoryFactor_Final[_1/2/3/4] refers to the portion of previously paid Coupons that are 
deducted from the final redemption amount calculation in the Product Formula relating to the 
Final Redemption Amount to which it is applied. 
MemoryFactor_OptionalRedemption refers to the portion of previously paid Coupons that 
are deducted from the optional redemption amount calculation in the Product Formula relating 
to the Optional Redemption Amount to which it is applied. 
OptionalRedemptionCoupon means the conditional payment paid upon an Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer of the Products that is a direct function of the number of periods the 
Product has observed. This amount can be adjusted according to other elements in the 
applicable Product Formulas. 
RangeAccrualThreshold refers to what is defined for "RangeAccrualThreshold[_1/2/3]". This 
may be defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
RangeAccrualThreshold[_1/2/3] refers to a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the 
Coupon Amount(s). 
ReferenceFormula_AutocallAmount 
refers 
to 
what 
is 
defined 
for 
"ReferenceFormula_AutocallAmount[_1/2/3”]. This may be defined for each applicable 
valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
ReferenceFormula_AutocallAmount[_1/2/3] refers to the Reference Formula that is used 
relating to a component that is used to calculate the Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
ReferenceFormula_AutocallCondition 
refers 
to 
what 
is 
defined 
for 
"ReferenceFormula_AutocallCondition[_1/2”]. This may be defined for each applicable 
valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
ReferenceFormula_AutocallCondition[_1/2] refers to the Reference Formula that is used 
relating to a component that is used to determine whether a condition is satisfied, a barrier is 
reached or an event is triggered, in relation to the Product Formulae for the Automatic Early 
Redemption.

--- Page 352 ---
352 
 
 
ReferenceFormula_CountEventThreshold refers to the Reference Formula that is used 
relating to a component that is used to determine whether a condition is satisfied, a barrier is 
reached or an event is triggered, in relation to an Underlying. 
ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount 
refers 
to 
what 
is 
defined 
for 
"ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount[_1/2/3/4”]. This may be defined for each applicable 
valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount[_1/2/3/4] refers to the Reference Formula that is used 
relating to a component that is used to calculate the Coupon Amount. 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrierEvent 
refers 
to 
what 
is 
defined 
for 
"ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrierEvent[_1/2”]. This may be defined for each applicable 
valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
ReferenceFormula_CouponBarrierEvent[_1/2] refers to the Reference Formula that is used 
relating to a component that is used to determine whether a condition is satisfied, a barrier is 
reached or an event is triggered, in relation to the Product Formulae for the Coupon. 
ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition 
refers 
to 
what 
is 
defined 
for 
"ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition[_1/2/3/4”]. This may be defined for each applicable 
valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
ReferenceFormula_CouponCondition[_1/2/3/4] refers to the Reference Formula that is used 
relating to a component that is used to determine whether a condition is satisfied, a barrier is 
reached or an event is triggered, in relation to the Product Formulae for the Coupon. 
ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount 
refers 
to 
what 
is 
defined 
for 
"ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount[_1/2/3/4”]. This may be defined for each applicable 
valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount[_1/2/3/4] refers to the Reference Formula that is used 
relating to a component that is used to calculate the Final Redemption Amount. 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition 
refers 
to 
what 
is 
defined 
for 
"ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition[_1/2/3/4”]. This may be defined for each applicable 
valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition[_1/2/3/4] refers to the Reference Formula that is used 
relating to a component that is used to determine whether a condition is satisfied, a barrier is 
reached or an event is triggered, in relation to the Product Formulae for the Final Redemption. 
ReferenceFormula_FinalConditionBarrier 
refers 
to 
what 
is 
defined 
for 
"ReferenceFormula_FinalConditionBarrier[_1/2”]. This may be defined for each applicable 
valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
ReferenceFormula_FinalConditionBarrier[_1/2] refers to the Reference Formula that is used 
relating to a component that is used to determine whether a condition is satisfied, a barrier is 
reached or an event is triggered, in relation to the Product Formulae connected to the Final 
Redemption Amount. 
ReferenceFormula_FinalDeactivationBarrier refers to the Reference Formula that is used 
relating to a component that is used to determine whether a condition is satisfied, a barrier is 
reached or an event is triggered, in relation to the Product Formulae connected to the Final 
Redemption Amount. 
ReferenceFormula_GliderEvent refers to the Reference Formula that is used relating to a 
component that is used to determine whether a condition is satisfied, a barrier is reached or an 
event is triggered, in relation to the Product Formulae connected to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. 
ReferenceFormula_InitialLevel refers to the Reference Formula that is used relating to a 
component that is used to determine the Initial Level of an Underlying, Underlying(s) or another 
appropriate Reference Formula where applicable. 
ReferenceFormula_LockInFloor refers to the Reference Formula that is used relating to a 
component that is used to determine whether a condition is satisfied, a barrier is reached or an 
event is triggered, in relation to the Product Formulae connected to the Final Redemption 
Amount.

--- Page 353 ---
353 
 
 
ReferenceFormula_MemoryBarrierEvent refers to the Reference Formula that is used 
relating to a component that is used to determine whether a condition is satisfied, a barrier is 
reached or an event is triggered, in relation to the Product Formulae connected to the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount and / or Final Redemption Amount. 
ReferenceFormula_PhysicalDeliveryAmount refers to the Reference Formula that is used 
relating to a component that determines the Underlying for the delivery in relation to the 
Physical Delivery Amount. 
ReferenceFormula_RedemptionBarrierEvent refers to the Reference Formula that is used 
relating to a component that is used to determine whether a condition is satisfied, a barrier is 
reached or an event is triggered, in relation to the Product Formulae connected to the Final 
Redemption Amount. 
ReferenceFormula_TimeCountEventThreshold refers to the Reference Formula that is used 
relating to a component that is used to determine whether a condition is satisfied, a barrier is 
reached or an event is triggered. 
TimeCountThreshold means a barrier that triggers an adjustment or the occurrence of an 
Event.  
16.7 
Reference Formula 
When applicable, each Variable Data with the prefix “ReferenceFormula_” within any Product 
Formula and / or definition should be defined as one of the following terms, and substituted in 
the formula and / or definition where possible when these are replicated in the Final Terms.  
Furthermore, the schedule to which the relevant Reference Formula may be amended to 
provide clarification if relevant to the understanding of the Product. This may include the specific 
“Valuation Date(i)” being précised (for example, to “Coupon Valuation Date(i)” or “Final 
Valuation date”), or précising the relevant schedule (for example, the definition “BestReturn(i) 
means the highest Return(i) amongst the Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i).” 
could be amended to“BestReturn(i) means the highest Return(i) amongst the Underlyings on 
each Valuation Date(i), from i=2 to i=5” in the Final Terms if necessary. 
Moreover, schedule reference items “i”, “d” or “T” may be substituted with other values if 
necessary or relevant. For example, “i” may be substituted for the numeric value relating to one 
specific period. Alternatively, the items may be substituted if multiple schedules are required in 
the same product. Such schedules will be defined in the Final Terms. Likewise, the Reference 
Formula may reference another valuation date in the same schedule, for instance, “i” can be 
replaced with “i-1” to reference the previous valuation date rather than the current valuation 
date. 
Definitions of the Reference Formula and the suffix applied to the name may also be adjusted 
in the Final Terms so that the Reference Formulas only apply to specific Underlyings and / or 
different Underlyings are linked to different Reference Formula.  
(a) 
Core Reference Formulas: 
Level means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, the [Closing Price] [Opening Price] 
[Ïntraday Price] [Fixing] [Commodity Reference Price] [Reference Price] of the 
Underlying on the relevant date. 
Level(d) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, the [Closing Price] [Fixing] 
[Commodity Reference Price] [Reference Price] of the Underlying on the applicable 
[Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
Level(i) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, the [Closing Price] [Fixing] 
[Commodity Reference Price] [Reference Price] of the Underlying on the applicable 
Valuation Date(i). 
Rate means, in respect to the Reference Rate, the Fixing of the Reference Rate on the 
relevant date. 
Rate(d) means, in respect to the Reference Rate, the Fixing of the Reference Rate on 
the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
Rate(i) means, in respect to the Reference Rate, the Fixing of the Reference Rate on 
the applicable Valuation Date(i).

--- Page 354 ---
354 
 
 
Rate(T) means, in respect to the Reference Rate, the Fixing of the Reference Rate on 
the Reference Rate Valuation Date(i). 
Performance(d) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, Level(d) / Initial Level.  
Performance(i) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, Level(i) / Initial Level.  
PeriodicPerformance(i) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, Level(i) / Initial 
Level(i-1)  
Return(d) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, Level(d) / Initial Level – 100%. 
Return(i) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, Level(i) / Initial Level – 100%. 
PeriodicReturn(i) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, Level(i) / Level(i-1) – 
100%. 
InverseReturn(d) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, 100% - Level(d) / Initial 
Level. 
InverseReturn(i) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, 100% - Level(i) / Initial 
Level. 
LevelSpread(d) means Level(d) of Underlying(1) minus Level(d) of Underlying(2) in 
respect of [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
LevelSpread(i) means Level(i) of Underlying(1) minus Level(i) of Underlying(2) in 
respect of Valuation Date(i). 
PerformanceSpread(d) 
means 
Performance(d) 
of 
Underlying(1) 
minus 
Performance(d) of Underlying(2) in respect of [Business Day] [Exchange Business 
Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
PerformanceSpread(i) means Performance(i) of Underlying(1) minus Performance(i) 
of Underlying(2) in respect of Valuation Date(i). 
ReturnSpread(d) means Performance(d) of Underlying(1) minus Performance(d) of 
Underlying(2) in respect of [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying 
Trading Day] (d). 
ReturnSpread(i) means Return(i) of Underlying(1) minus Return(i) of Underlying(2) in 
respect of Valuation Date(i). 
WeightedPerformance(d) 
means, 
in 
respect 
to 
[the] 
[each] 
Underlying, 
Performance(d) multiplied by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedPerformance(i) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, Performance(i) 
multiplied by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedReturn(d) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, Return(d) multiplied 
by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedReturn(i) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, Return(i) multiplied 
by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedPeriodicReturn(i) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, 
PeriodicReturn(i) multiplied by its Basket Weighting. 
DailyReturn(d) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, Level(d) / Level(d-1) – 
100%. 
LowIntradayPrice(d) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, the lowest intraday 
[Price] [Level] of the Underlying on Exchange Business Day (d). 
HighIntradayPrice(d) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, the highest 
intraday [Price] [Level] of the Underlying on Exchange Business Day (d). 
DailyReturn(d) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, Level(d) / Level(d-1) – 
100%. 
LowIntradayReturn(d) 
means, 
in 
respect 
to 
[the] 
[each] 
Underlying, 
LowIntradayPrice(d)/ Level(d-1) – 100%.

--- Page 355 ---
355 
 
 
HighIntradayReturn(d) 
means, 
in 
respect 
to 
[the] 
[each] 
Underlying, 
HighIntradayPrice(d)/ Level(d-1) – 100%. 
AbsoluteLevel(d) means the highest level between Level(d) and Level(d) multiplied 
by -1. 
AbsoluteLevel(i) means the highest level between Level(i) and Level(i) multiplied by -
1. 
AbsolutePerformance(d) means the highest level between Performance(d) and 
Performance(d) multiplied by -1. 
AbsolutePerformance(i) means the highest level between Performance(i) and 
Performance(i) multiplied by -1. 
AbsoluteReturn(d) means the highest level between Return(d) and Return(d) 
multiplied by -1. 
AbsoluteReturn(i) means the highest level between Return(i) and Return(i) multiplied 
by -1. 
AbsolutePeriodicReturn(i) means the highest level between PeriodicReturn(i) and 
PeriodicReturn(i) multiplied by -1. 
AverageBasketPerformance(d) means the arithmetic average of the Performance(d) 
of each Underlying as of the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
AverageBasketPerformance(i) means the arithmetic average of the Performance(i) 
of each Underlying as of the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
AverageBasketReturn(d) means the arithmetic average of the Return(d) of each 
Underlying as of the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying 
Trading Day] (d). 
AverageBasketReturn(i) means the arithmetic average of the Return(i) of each 
Underlying as of the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
AverageBasketAbsoluteReturn(d) 
means 
the 
arithmetic 
average 
of 
the 
AbsoluteReturn(d) of each Underlying as of the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange 
Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
AverageBasketAbsoluteReturn(i) 
means 
the 
arithmetic 
average 
of 
the 
AbsoluteReturn(i) of each Underlying as of the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
AveragePeriodicReturn(i) means the arithmetic average of the PeriodicReturn(i) of 
each Underlying as of the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
AverageDailyReturn(d) means the arithmetic average of the BasketDailyReturn(d) of 
each Underlying as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
AverageLowIntradayReturn(d) 
means 
the 
arithmetic 
average 
of 
the 
LowIntradayReturn(d) of each Underlying as per the applicable [Business Day] 
[Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
AverageHighIntradayReturn(d) 
means 
the 
arithmetic 
average 
of 
the 
HighIntradayReturn(d) amongst the Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] 
[Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
BestPerformance(d) means the highest Performance(d) amongst the Underlyings as 
per the applicable Exchange Business Day(d). 
BestPerformance(i) means the highest Performance(i) amongst the Underlyings as 
per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
BestPeriodicPerformance(i) means the highest PeriodicPerformance(i) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
BestReturn(d) means the highest Return(d) amongst the Underlyings as per the 
applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day](d).

--- Page 356 ---
356 
 
 
BestReturn(i) means the highest Return(i) amongst the Underlyings as per the 
applicable Valuation Date(i). 
BestPeriodicReturn(i) means the highest PeriodicReturn(i) amongst the Underlyings 
as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
BestInverseReturn(d) means the highest InverseReturn(d) amongst the Underlyings 
as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading 
Day](d). 
BestInverseReturn(i) means the highest InverseReturn(i) amongst the Underlyings as 
per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
BestAbsoluteReturn(d) means the highest AbsoluteReturn(d) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day](d). 
BestAbsoluteReturn(i) 
means 
the 
highest 
AbsoluteReturn(i) 
amongst 
the 
Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
BestLevel(d) means the highest Level(d) amongst the Underlyings as per the 
applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
BestLevel(i) means the highest Level(i) amongst the Underlyings as per the applicable 
Valuation Date(i). 
BestDailyReturn(d) means the highest DailyReturn(d) amongst the Underlyings as 
per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading 
Day](d). 
BestLowIntradayReturn(d) means the highest LowIntradayReturn(d) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day](d). 
BestHighIntradayReturn(d) means the highest HighIntradayReturn(d) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day](d). 
EventTimeCount(d) means the number of [Business Days] [Exchange Business 
Days] [Underlying Trading Days] (d) that a Time Count Event has occurred during the 
Time Count Period. 
EventTimeCount(i) means the number of [Time Count] Valuation Dates (i) where a 
Time Count Event has occurred. 
EventUnderlyingCount(d) means the number of Underlyings that have experienced 
an Underlying Count Event as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business 
Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
EventUnderlyingCount(i) means the number of Underlyings that have experienced 
an Underlying Count Event as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
MidPerformance(d) means the median Performance(d) of the Underlyings as of the 
applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
MidPerformance(i) means the median Performance(i) of the Underlyings as of the 
applicable Valuation Date(i). 
MidReturn(d) means the median Return(d) of the Underlyings as of the applicable 
[Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
MidReturn(i) means the median Return(i) of the Underlyings as of the applicable 
Valuation Date(i). 
MidAbsoluteReturn(d) means the median AbsoluteReturn(d) of the Underlyings as of 
the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
MidAbsoluteReturn(i) means the median AbsoluteReturn(i) of the Underlyings as of 
the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
MidPeriodicReturn(i) means the median PeriodicReturn(i) of the Underlyings as of 
the applicable Valuation Date(i).

--- Page 357 ---
357 
 
 
MidDailyReturn(d) means the median DailyReturn(d) of the Underlyings as per the 
applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
MidLowIntradayReturn(d) means the median LowIntradayReturn(d) of the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
MidHighIntradayReturn(d) means the median HighIntradayReturn(d) of the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
WeightedBasketPerformance(d) means the sum of the WeightedPerformance(d) 
calculated for each Underlying as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange 
Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day](d). 
WeightedBasketPerformance(i) means the sum of the WeightedPerformance(i) 
calculated for each Underlying as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WeightedBasketReturn(d) means the sum of the WeightedReturn(d) calculated for 
each Underlying as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day](d). 
WeightedBasketReturn(i) means the sum of the WeightedReturn(i) calculated for 
each Underlying as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WeightedBasketPeriodicReturn(i) means the sum of the WeightedPeriodicReturn(i) 
calculated for each Underlying as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstPerformance(d) means the lowest Performance(d) amongst the Underlyings as 
per the applicable Exchange Business Day(d). 
WorstPerformance(i) means the lowest Performance(i) amongst the Underlyings as 
per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstPeriodicPerformance(i) means the lowest PeriodicPerformance(i) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstReturn(d) means the lowest Return(d) amongst the Underlyings as per the 
applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
WorstReturn(i) means the lowest Return(i) amongst the Underlyings as per the 
applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstPeriodicReturn(i) means the lowest PeriodicReturn(i) amongst the Underlyings 
as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstInverseReturn(d) means the lowest InverseReturn(d) amongst the Underlyings 
as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading 
Day] (d). 
WorstInverseReturn(i) means the lowest InverseReturn(i) amongst the Underlyings 
as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstInverseReturn(d) 
means 
the 
lowest 
AbsoluteReturn(d) 
amongst 
the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
WorstInverseReturn(i) means the lowest AbsoluteReturn(i) amongst the Underlyings 
as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstLevel(d) means the lowest Level(d) amongst the Underlyings as per the 
applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
WorstLevel(i) means the lowest Level(i) amongst the Underlyings as per the 
applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstDailyReturn(d) means the lowest DailyReturn(d) amongst the Underlyings as 
per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] 
(d).

--- Page 358 ---
358 
 
 
WorstLowIntradayReturn(d) means the lowest LowIntradayReturn(d) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
WorstHighIntradayReturn(d) means the lowest HighIntradayReturn(d) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d).  
(b) 
Reference Formulas referring to MaxTime: 
MaxTimePerformance(T), means, in respect of [the] [each] Underlying, the highest 
[Performance(i) observed from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [Performance(d) 
observed during the Max Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeReturn(T), means, in respect of [the] [each] Underlying, the highest [Return(i) 
observed from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [Return(d) observed during the Max 
Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeInverseReturn(T), means, in respect of [the] [each] Underlying, the highest 
[InverseReturn(i) observed from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [InverseReturn(d) 
observed during the Max Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeAbsoluteReturn(T), means, in respect of [the] [each] Underlying, the highest 
[AbsoluteReturn(i) 
observed 
from 
each 
[Max 
Time] 
Valuation 
Date(i)] 
[AbsoluteReturn(d) observed during the Max Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeLevel(T), means, in respect of [the] [each] Underlying, the highest [Level(i) 
observed from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [Level(d) observed during the Max 
Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeLevelSpread(T), means the highest [LevelSpread(i) observed from each 
[Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [LevelSpread(d) observed during the Max Time 
Observation Period]. 
MaxTimePerformanceSpread(T), 
means 
the 
highest 
[PerformanceSpread(i) 
observed from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [PerformanceSpread(d) observed 
during the Max Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeReturnSpread(T), means the highest [ReturnSpread(i) observed from each 
[Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [ReturnSpread(d) observed during the Max Time 
Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeAverageBasketPerformance(T), 
means 
the 
highest 
[AverageBasketPerformance(i) observed from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[AverageBasketPerformance(d) observed during the Max Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeAverageBasketReturn(T), means the highest [AverageBasketReturn(i) 
observed from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [AverageBasketReturn(d) observed 
during the Max Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeAverageBasketAbsoluteReturn(T), 
means 
the 
highest 
[AverageBasketAbsoluteReturn(i) observed from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[AverageBasketAbsoluteReturn(d) observed during the Max Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeBestPerformance(T), means the highest [BestPerformance(i) observed 
from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [BestPerformance(d) observed during the Max 
Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeBestReturn(T), means the highest [BestReturn(i) observed from each [Max 
Time] Valuation Date(i)] [BestReturn(d) observed during the Max Time Observation 
Period]. 
MaxTimeBestInverseReturn(T), means the highest [BestInverseReturn(i) observed 
from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [BestInverseReturn(d) observed during the 
Max Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeBestAbsoluteReturn(T), 
means 
the 
highest 
[BestAbsoluteReturn(i) 
observed from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [BestAbsoluteReturn(d) observed 
during the Max Time Observation Period].

--- Page 359 ---
359 
 
 
MaxTimeBestLevel(T), means the highest [BestLevel(i) observed from each [Max 
Time] Valuation Date(i)] [BestLevel(d) observed during the Max Time Observation 
Period]. 
MaxTimeWeightedBasketPerformance(T), 
means 
the 
highest 
[WeightedBasketPerformance(i) observed from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[WeightedBasketPerformance(d) observed during the Max Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeWeightedBasketReturn(T), means the highest [WeightedBasketReturn(i) 
observed from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [WeightedBasketReturn(d) 
observed during the Max Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeWorstPerformance(T), means the highest [WorstPerformance(i) observed 
from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [WorstPerformance(d) observed during the 
Max Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeWorstReturn(T), means the highest [WorstReturn(i) observed from each 
[Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [WorstReturn(d) observed during the Max Time 
Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeWorstInverseReturn(T), 
means 
the 
highest 
[WorstInverseReturn(i) 
observed from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [WorstInverseReturn(d) observed 
during the Max Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeWorstAbsoluteReturn(T), means the highest [WorstAbsoluteReturn(i) 
observed from each [Max Time] Valuation Date(i)] [WorstAbsoluteReturn(d) observed 
during the Max Time Observation Period]. 
MaxTimeWorstLevel(T), means the highest [WorstLevel(i) observed from each [Max 
Time] Valuation Date(i)] [WorstLevel(d) observed during the Max Time Observation 
Period]. 
AverageMaxTimePerformance(d) 
means 
the 
arithmetic 
average 
of 
MaxTimePerformance(T) for each Underlying as of the applicable [Business Day] 
[Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
AverageMaxTimePerformance(i) 
means 
the 
arithmetic 
average 
of 
MaxTimePerformance(T) for each Underlying as of the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
AverageMaxTimeReturn(d) means the arithmetic average of MaxTimeReturn(T) for 
each Underlying as of the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d) 
AverageMaxTimeReturn(i) means the arithmetic average of MaxTimeReturn(T) for 
each Underlying as of the applicable Valuation Date(i) 
BestMaxTimePerformance(d) means the highest MaxTimePerformance(T) amongst 
the Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
BestMaxTimePerformance(i) means the highest MaxTimePerformance(T) amongst 
the Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
BestMaxTimeReturn(d) means the highest MaxTimeReturn(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
BestMaxTimeReturn(i) means the highest MaxTimeReturn(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
BestMaxTimeInverseReturn(d) means the highest MaxTimeInverseReturn(T) 
amongst the Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business 
Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
BestMaxTimeInverseReturn(i) 
means 
the 
highest 
MaxTimeInverseReturn(T) 
amongst the Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
BestMaxTimeLevel(d) means the highest MaxTimeLevel(T) amongst the Underlyings 
as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading 
Day](d).

--- Page 360 ---
360 
 
 
BestMaxTimeLevel(i) means the highest MaxTimeLevel(T) amongst the Underlyings 
as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstMaxTimePerformance(d) means the lowest MaxTimePerformance(T) amongst 
the Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day](d). 
WorstMaxTimePerformance(i) means the lowest MaxTimePerformance(T) amongst 
the Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstMaxTimeReturn(d) means the lowest MaxTimeReturn(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day](d). 
WorstMaxTimeReturn(i) means the lowest MaxTimeReturn(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstMaxTimeInverseReturn(d) means the lowest MaxTimeInverseReturn(T) 
amongst the Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business 
Day] [Underlying Trading Day](d). 
WorstMaxTimeInverseReturn(i) means the lowest MaxTimeInverseReturn(T) 
amongst the Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstMaxTimeLevel(d) 
means 
the 
lowest 
MaxTimeValue(T) 
amongst 
the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day (d) ]. 
WorstMaxTimeLevel(i) means the lowest MaxTimeLevel(T) amongst the Underlyings 
as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WeightedMaxTimePerformance(d) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, 
MaxTimePerformance(T) multiplied by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedMaxTimePerformance(i) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, 
MaxTimePerformance(T) multiplied by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedMaxTimeReturn(d) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, 
MaxTimeReturn(T) multiplied by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedMaxTimeReturn(i) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, 
MaxTimeReturn(T) multiplied by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedBasketMaxTimePerformance(d) 
means 
the 
sum 
of 
the 
WeightedMaxTimePerformance(d) calculated for each Underlying as per the 
applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day](d). 
WeightedBasketMaxTimePerformance(i) 
means 
the 
sum 
of 
the 
WeightedMaxTimePerformance(i) calculated for each Underlying as per the applicable 
Valuation Date(i). 
WeightedBasketMaxTimeReturn(d) 
means 
the 
sum 
of 
the 
WeightedMaxTimeReturn(d) calculated for each Underlying as per the applicable 
[Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day](d). 
WeightedBasketMaxTimeReturn(i) 
means 
the 
sum 
of 
the 
WeightedMaxTimeReturn(i) calculated for each Underlying as per the applicable 
Valuation Date(i). 
MaxTimeDailyReturn(d) means the highest DailyReturn(d) observed during the Max 
Time Observation Period. 
MaxTimeAverageDailyReturn(d) 
means 
the 
highest 
AverageDailyReturn(d) 
observed during the Max Time Observation Period. 
MaxTimeBestDailyReturn(d) means the highest BestDailyReturn(d) observed during 
the Max Time Observation Period. 
MaxTimeWorstDailyReturn(d) means the highest WorstDailyReturn(d) observed 
during the Max Time Observation Period.

--- Page 361 ---
361 
 
 
MaxTimeLowIntradayReturn(d) means the highest LowIntradayReturn(d) observed 
during the Max Time Observation Period. 
MaxTimeAverageLowIntradayReturn(d) 
means 
the 
highest 
AverageLowIntradayReturn(d) observed during the Max Time Observation Period. 
MaxTimeBestLowIntradayReturn(d) means the highest BestLowIntradayReturn(d) 
observed during the Max Time Observation Period. 
MaxTimeWorstLowIntradayReturn(d) 
means 
the 
highest 
WorstLowIntradayReturn(d) observed during the Max Time Observation Period. 
MaxTimeHighIntradayReturn(d) means the highest HighIntradayReturn(d) observed 
during the Max Time Observation Period. 
MaxTimeAverageHighIntradayReturn(d) 
means 
the 
highest 
AverageHighIntradayReturn(d) observed during the Max Time Observation Period. 
MaxTimeBestHighIntradayReturn(d) means the highest BestHighIntradayReturn(d) 
observed during the Max Time Observation Period. 
MaxTimeWorstHighIntradayReturn(d) 
means 
the 
highest 
WorstHighIntradayReturn(d) observed during the Max Time Observation Period. 
(c) 
Reference Formulas referring to MinTime: 
MinTimePerformance(T), means, in respect of [the] [each] Underlying, the lowest 
[Performance(i) observed from each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] [Performance(d) 
observed during the Min Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeReturn(T), means, in respect of [the] [each] Underlying, the lowest [Return(i) 
observed from each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] [Return(d) observed during the Min 
Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeInverseReturn(T), means, in respect of [the] [each] Underlying, the lowest 
[InverseReturn(i) observed from each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] [InverseReturn(d) 
observed during the Min Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeAbsoluteReturn(T), means, in respect of [the] [each] Underlying, the lowest 
[AbsoluteReturn(i) 
observed 
from 
each 
[Min 
Time] 
Valuation 
Date(i)] 
[AbsoluteReturn(d) observed during the Min Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeLevel(T), means, in respect of [the] [each] Underlying, the lowest [Level(i) 
observed from each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] [Level(d) observed during the Min 
Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeLevelSpread(T), means the lowest [LevelSpread(i) observed from each [Min 
Time] Valuation Date(i)] [LevelSpread(d) observed during the Min Time Observation 
Period]. 
MinTimePerformanceSpread(T), means the lowest [PerformanceSpread(i) observed 
from each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] [PerformanceSpread(d) observed during the 
Min Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeReturnSpread(T), means the lowest [ReturnSpread(i) observed from each 
[Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] [ReturnSpread(d) observed during the Min Time 
Observation Period]. 
MinTimeAverageBasketPerformance(T), 
means 
the 
lowest 
[AverageBasketPerformance(i) observed from each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[AverageBasketPerformance(d) observed during the Min Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeAverageBasketReturn(T), means the lowest [AverageBasketReturn(i) 
observed from each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] [AverageBasketReturn(d) observed 
during the Min Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeAverageBasketAbsoluteReturn(T), 
means 
the 
lowest 
[AverageBasketAbsoluteReturn(i) observed from each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[AverageBasketAbsoluteReturn(d) observed during the Min Time Observation Period].

--- Page 362 ---
362 
 
 
MinTimeBestPerformance(T), means the lowest [BestPerformance(i) observed from 
each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] [BestPerformance(d) observed during the Min Time 
Observation Period]. 
MinTimeBestReturn(T), means the lowest [BestReturn(i) observed from each [Min 
Time] Valuation Date(i)] [BestReturn(d) observed during the Min Time Observation 
Period]. 
MinTimeBestInverseReturn(T), means the lowest [BestInverseReturn(i) observed 
from each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] [BestInverseReturn(d) observed during the Min 
Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeBestAbsoluteReturn(T), means the lowest [BestAbsoluteReturn(i) observed 
from each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] [BestAbsoluteReturn(d) observed during the 
Min Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeBestLevel(T), means the lowest [BestLevel(i) observed from each [Min Time] 
Valuation Date(i)] [BestLevel(d) observed during the Min Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeWeightedBasketPerformance(T), 
means 
the 
lowest 
[WeightedBasketPerformance(i) observed from each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[WeightedBasketPerformance(d) observed during the Min Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeWeightedBasketReturn(T), means the lowest [WeightedBasketReturn(i) 
observed from each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] [WeightedBasketReturn(d) observed 
during the Min Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeWorstPerformance(T), means the lowest [WorstPerformance(i) observed 
from each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] [WorstPerformance(d) observed during the Min 
Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeWorstReturn(T), means the lowest [WorstReturn(i) observed from each [Min 
Time] Valuation Date(i)] [WorstReturn(d) observed during the Min Time Observation 
Period]. 
MinTimeWorstInverseReturn(T), means the lowest [WorstInverseReturn(i) observed 
from each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] [WorstInverseReturn(d) observed during the 
Min Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeWorstAbsoluteReturn(T), means the lowest [WorstAbsoluteReturn(i) 
observed from each [Min Time] Valuation Date(i)] [WorstAbsoluteReturn(d) observed 
during the Min Time Observation Period]. 
MinTimeWorstLevel(T), means the lowest [WorstLevel(i) observed from each [Min 
Time] Valuation Date(i)] [WorstLevel(d) observed during the Min Time Observation 
Period]. 
AverageMinTimePerformance(d) 
means 
the 
arithmetic 
average 
of 
MinTimePerformance(T) for each Underlying as of the applicable [Business Day] 
[Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
AverageMinTimePerformance(i) 
means 
the 
arithmetic 
average 
of 
MinTimePerformance(T) for each Underlying as of the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
AverageMinTimeReturn(d) means the arithmetic average of MinTimeReturn(T) for 
each Underlying as of the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d) 
AverageMinTimeReturn(i) means the arithmetic average of MinTimeReturn(T) for 
each Underlying as of the applicable Valuation Date(i) 
BestMinTimePerformance(d) means the highest MinTimePerformance(T) amongst 
the Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
BestMinTimePerformance(i) means the highest MinTimePerformance(T) amongst 
the Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i).

--- Page 363 ---
363 
 
 
BestMinTimeReturn(d) means the highest MinTimeReturn(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
BestMinTimeReturn(i) 
means 
the 
highest 
MinTimeReturn(T) 
amongst 
the 
Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
BestMinTimeReturn(d) means the highest MinTimeInverseReturn(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
BestMinTimeReturn(i) means the highest MinTimeInverseReturn(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
BestMinTimeLevel(d) means the highest MinTimeLevel(T) amongst the Underlyings 
as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading 
Day] (d). 
BestMinTimeLevel(i) means the highest MinTimeLevel(T) amongst the Underlyings 
as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstMinTimePerformance(d) means the lowest MinTimePerformance(T) amongst 
the Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
WorstMinTimePerformance(i) means the lowest MinTimePerformance(T) amongst 
the Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstMinTimeReturn(d) means the lowest MinTimeReturn(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
WorstMinTimeReturn(i) means the lowest MinTimeReturn(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstMinTimeInverseReturn(d) means the lowest MinTimeReturn(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
WorstMinTimeInverseReturn(i) means the lowest MinTimeReturn(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstMinTimeLevel(d) means the lowest MinTimeLevel(T) amongst the Underlyings 
as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading 
Day] (d). 
WorstMinTimeLevel(i) means the lowest MinTimeLevel(T) amongst the Underlyings 
as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WeightedMinTimePerformance(d) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, 
MinTimePerformance(T) multiplied by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedMinTimePerformance(i) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, 
MinTimePerformance(T) multiplied by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedMinTimeReturn(d) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, 
MinTimeReturn(T) multiplied by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedMinTimeReturn(i) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, 
MinTimeReturn(T) multiplied by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedBasketMinTimePerformance(d) 
means 
the 
sum 
of 
the 
WeightedMinTimePerformance(d) calculated for each Underlying as per the applicable 
[Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
WeightedBasketMinTimePerformance(i) 
means 
the 
sum 
of 
the 
WeightedMinTimePerformance(i) calculated for each Underlying as per the applicable 
Valuation Date(i).

--- Page 364 ---
364 
 
 
WeightedBasketMinTimeReturn(d) 
means 
the 
sum 
of 
the 
WeightedMinTimeReturn(d) calculated for each Underlying as per the applicable 
[Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
WeightedBasketMinTimeReturn(i) means the sum of the WeightedMinTimeReturn(i) 
calculated for each Underlying as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
MinTimeDailyReturn(d) means the lowest DailyReturn(d) observed during the Min 
Time Observation Period. 
MinTimeAverageDailyReturn(d) means the lowest AverageDailyReturn(d) observed 
during the Min Time Observation Period. 
MinTimeBestDailyReturn(d) means the lowest BestDailyReturn(d) observed during 
the Min Time Observation Period. 
MinTimeWorstDailyReturn(d) means the lowest WorstDailyReturn(d) observed 
during the Min Time Observation Period. 
MinTimeLowIntradayReturn(d) means the lowest LowIntradayReturn(d) observed 
during the Min Time Observation Period. 
MinTimeAverageLowIntradayReturn(d) 
means 
the 
lowest 
AverageLowIntradayReturn(d) observed during the Min Time Observation Period. 
MinTimeBestLowIntradayReturn(d) means the lowest BestLowIntradayReturn(d) 
observed during the Min Time Observation Period. 
MinTimeWorstLowIntradayReturn(d) means the lowest WorstLowIntradayReturn(d) 
observed during the Min Time Observation Period. 
MinTimeHighIntradayReturn(d) means the lowest HighIntradayReturn(d) observed 
during the Min Time Observation Period. 
MinTimeAverageHighIntradayReturn(d) 
means 
the 
lowest 
AverageHighIntradayReturn(d) observed during the Min Time Observation Period. 
MinTimeBestHighIntradayReturn(d) means the lowest BestHighIntradayReturn(d) 
observed during the Min Time Observation Period. 
MinTimeWorstHighIntradayReturn(d) 
means 
the 
lowest 
WorstHighIntradayReturn(d) observed during the Min Time Observation Period. 
(d) 
Reference Formulas referring to AverageTime: 
AverageTimePerformance(T), means the arithmetic average of each [Performance(i) 
observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] [Performance(d) observed 
during the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeReturn(T), means the arithmetic average of each [Return(i) observed 
from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] [Return(d) observed during the Average 
Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeInverseReturn(T), 
means 
the 
arithmetic 
average 
of 
each 
[InverseReturn(i) 
observed 
from 
each 
[Average 
Time] 
Valuation 
Date(i)] 
[InverseReturn(d) observed during the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeReturn(T), means the arithmetic average of each [AbsoluteReturn(i) 
observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] [AbsoluteReturn(d) observed 
during the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeLevel(T), means the arithmetic average of each [Level(i) observed from 
each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] [Level(d) observed during the Average Time 
Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeLevelSpread(T), means the arithmetic average of each [LevelSpread(i) 
observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] [LevelSpread(d) observed 
during the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimePerformanceSpread(T), means the arithmetic average of each 
[PerformanceSpread(i) observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[PerformanceSpread(d) observed during the Average Time Observation Period].

--- Page 365 ---
365 
 
 
AverageTimeReturnSpread(T), 
means 
the 
arithmetic 
average 
of 
each 
[ReturnSpread(i) 
observed 
from 
each 
[Average 
Time] 
Valuation 
Date(i)] 
[ReturnSpread(d) observed during the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeAverageBasketPerformance(T), means the arithmetic average of each 
[AverageBasketPerformance(i) observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[AverageBasketPerformance(d) observed during the Average Time Observation 
Period]. 
AverageTimeAverageBasketReturn(T), means the arithmetic average of each 
[AverageBasketReturn(i) observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[AverageBasketReturn(d) observed during the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeAverageBasketAbsoluteReturn(T), means the arithmetic average of 
each [AverageBasketAbsoluteReturn(i) observed from each [Average Time] Valuation 
Date(i)] [AverageBasketAbsoluteReturn(d) observed during the Average Time 
Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeBestPerformance(T), means 
the 
arithmetic 
average 
of 
each 
[BestPerformance(i) observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[BestPerformance(d) observed during the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeBestReturn(T), means the arithmetic average of each [BestReturn(i) 
observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] [BestReturn(d) observed during 
the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeBestInverseReturn(T), means the arithmetic average of each 
[BestInverseReturn(i) observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[BestInverseReturn(d) observed during the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeBestAbsoluteReturn(T), means the arithmetic average of each 
[BestAbsoluteReturn(i) observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[BestAbsoluteReturn(d) observed during the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeBestLevel(T), means the arithmetic average of each [BestLevel(i) 
observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] [BestLevel(d) observed during 
the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeWeightedBasketPerformance(T), means the arithmetic average of 
each [WeightedBasketPerformance(i) observed from each [Average Time] Valuation 
Date(i)] [WeightedBasketPerformance(d) observed during the Average Time 
Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeWeightedBasketReturn(T), means the arithmetic average of each 
[WeightedBasketReturn(i) observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[WeightedBasketReturn(d) observed during the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeWorstPerformance(T), means the arithmetic average of each 
[WorstPerformance(i) observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[WorstPerformance(d) observed during the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeWorstReturn(T), means the arithmetic average of each [WorstReturn(i) 
observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] [WorstReturn(d) observed 
during the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeWorstInverseReturn(T), means the arithmetic average of each 
[WorstInverseReturn(i) observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[WorstInverseReturn(d) observed during the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeWorstAbsoluteReturn(T), means the arithmetic average of each 
[WorstAbsoluteReturn(i) observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] 
[WorstAbsoluteReturn(d) observed during the Average Time Observation Period]. 
AverageTimeWorstLevel(T), means the arithmetic average of each [WorstLevel(i) 
observed from each [Average Time] Valuation Date(i)] [WorstLevel(d) observed during 
the Average Time Observation Period].

--- Page 366 ---
366 
 
 
AverageBasketAverageTimePerformance(d) means the arithmetic average of 
AverageTimePerformance(T) for each Underlying as of the applicable [Business Day] 
[Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
AverageBasketAverageTimePerformance(i) means the arithmetic average of 
AverageTimePerformance(T) for each Underlying as of the applicable Valuation 
Date(i). 
AverageBasketAverageTimeReturn(d) 
means 
the 
arithmetic 
average 
of 
AverageTimeReturn(T) for each Underlying as of the applicable [Business Day] 
[Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d) 
AverageBasketAverageTimeReturn(i) 
means 
the 
arithmetic 
average 
of 
AverageTimeReturn(T) for each Underlying as of the applicable Valuation Date(i) 
BestAverageTimePerformance(d) means the highest AverageTimePerformance(T) 
amongst the Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business 
Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
BestAverageTimePerformance(i) means the highest AverageTimePerformance(T) 
amongst the Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
BestAverageTimeReturn(d) means the highest AverageTimeReturn(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
BestAverageTimeReturn(i) means the highest AverageTimeReturn(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
BestAverageTimeInverseReturn(d) 
means 
the 
highest 
AverageTimeInverseReturn(T) amongst the Underlyings as per the applicable 
[Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] (d). 
BestAverageTimeInverseReturn(i) 
means 
the 
highest 
AverageTimeInverseReturn(T) amongst the Underlyings as per the applicable 
Valuation Date(i). 
BestAverageTimeLevel(d) means the highest AverageTimeLevel(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day](d). 
BestAverageTimeLevel(i) means the highest AverageTimeLevel(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstAverageTimePerformance(d) means the lowest AverageTimePerformance(T) 
amongst the Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business 
Day] [Underlying Trading Day](d). 
WorstAverageTimePerformance(i) means the lowest AverageTimePerformance(T) 
amongst the Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstAverageTimeReturn(d) means the lowest AverageTimeReturn(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day](d). 
WorstAverageTimeReturn(i) means the lowest AverageTimeReturn(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WorstAverageTimeInverseReturn(d) 
means 
the 
lowest 
AverageTimeInverseReturn(T) amongst the Underlyings as per the applicable 
[Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day](d). 
WorstAverageTimeInverseReturn(i) 
means 
the 
lowest 
AverageTimeInverseReturn(T) amongst the Underlyings as per the applicable 
Valuation Date(i). 
WorstAverageTimeLevel(d) means the lowest AverageTimeLevel(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day](d).

--- Page 367 ---
367 
 
 
WorstAverageTimeLevel(i) means the lowest AverageTimeLevel(T) amongst the 
Underlyings as per the applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WeightedAverageTimePerformance(d) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, 
AverageTimePerformance(T) multiplied by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedAverageTimePerformance(i) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, 
AverageTimePerformance(T) multiplied by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedAverageTimeReturn(d) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, 
AverageTimeReturn(T) multiplied by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedAverageTimeReturn(i) means, in respect to [the] [each] Underlying, 
AverageTimeReturn(T) multiplied by its Basket Weighting. 
WeightedBasketAverageTimePerformance(d) 
means 
the 
sum 
of 
the 
WeightedAverageTimePerformance(d) calculated for each Underlying as per the 
applicable [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day](d). 
WeightedBasketAverageTimePerformance(i) 
means 
the 
sum 
of 
the 
WeightedAverageTimePerformance(i) calculated for each Underlying as per the 
applicable Valuation Date(i). 
WeightedBasketAverageTimeReturn(d) 
means 
the 
sum 
of 
the 
WeightedAverageTimeReturn(d) calculated for each Underlying as per the applicable 
[Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day](d). 
WeightedBasketAverageTimeReturn(i) 
means 
the 
sum 
of 
the 
WeightedAverageTimeReturn(i) calculated for each Underlying as per the applicable 
Valuation Date(i). 
16.8 
Schedule and Dates 
Where applicable, the following dates and periods should be defined in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
As further detailed in the “Additional Schedule and Date Provisions for Flexible Barrier 
Products” section below, dates and schedules in the Final Terms that are related to each other 
should be linked by a suffix in brackets (For example, “(i)”, “(d)” or “(2)”) where relevant. These 
should correspond with any Variable Data with the same suffix. 
Autocall Observation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, each date 
so specified in the Final Terms.  
Autocall Observation Period means each period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Autocall Redemption Date means, in respect of a Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall 
Observation Period, each date specified as such in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms.  
Average Time Valuation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, each date 
so specified in the Final Terms.  
Average Time Observation Period means each period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Count Event Observation Period means the period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Count Event Observation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, the date 
so specified in the Final Terms.  
Coupon Barrier Event Observation Period means each period specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
Coupon Barrier Event Valuation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as 
provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment 
Provisions, each date so specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 368 ---
368 
 
 
Coupon Valuation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, each date 
so specified in the Final Terms.  
Coupon Valuation Date(0) means, in respect of an Underlying, the Initial Fixing Date.  
Coupon Payment Date means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms:  
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Final Terms; or  
(b) 
The Maturity Date. 
(c) 
The earlier between the Autocall Redemption Date and the Maturity Date. 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms.  
Exchange Business Day means Underlying Trading Day 
Final Deactivation Observation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided 
in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, 
each date so specified in the Final Terms. 
Final Deactivation Observation Period means each period specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
Final Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms, subject as provided 
in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions. 
First Coupon Barrier Event Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the Final 
Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date 
Adjustment Provisions. 
Glider Event Observation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, each date 
so specified in the Final Terms. 
Glider Event Observation Period means each period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Initial Fixing Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms, subject as provided 
in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions. 
Initial Lookback Observation Dates means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided 
in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, 
each date so specified in the Final Terms. 
Initial Lookback Observation Period means each period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Lock In Observation Dates means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, each date 
so specified in the Final Terms. 
Lock In Observation Period means each period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Maturity Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms.  
Max Time Valuation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, each date 
so specified in the Final Terms. 
Max Time Observation Period means each period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Min Time Valuation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, each date 
so specified in the Final Terms. 
Min Time Observation Period means each period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Observation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, each date so 
specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 369 ---
369 
 
 
Optional Redemption Date means, in respect of a Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, 
each date specified as such in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms.  
Payment Date means, in respect of an Observation Date or Valuation Date, each date 
specified as such in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable 
Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms.  
Puttable Redemption Date means, in respect of a Redemption at the Option of the Product 
Holder, each date specified as such in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms.  If the applicable 
Products are Notes, the relevant Notes may not be redeemed at the option of of the Product 
Holder. 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as 
provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment 
Provisions, each date so specified in the Final Terms. 
Redemption Barrier Observation Period means each period specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
Redemption Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms.  
Reference Rate Valuation Date means, in respect of an Reference Rate, subject as provided 
in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, 
each date so specified in the Final Terms. 
Time Count Event Observation Period means the period specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
Time Count Event Observation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided 
in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, the 
date so specified in the Final Terms.  
Underlying Trading Day means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
Valuation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, each date so 
specified in the Final Terms. 
Valuation Date(0) means, in respect of an Underlying, the Initial Fixing Date.  
16.9 
Additional Schedule and Date Provisions for Flexible Barrier Products 
The information in this section “Additional Schedule and Date Provisions for Flexible Barrier 
Products” is further to any other Provisions relating to Dates and Schedules detailed in the Base 
Prospectus. 
(a) 
Schedules 
Where relevant, dates and schedules in the Final Terms that are related to each other 
should be linked by a suffix in brackets (For example, “(i)”, “(d)” or “(2)”). For instance, 
Coupon Amount(i) is calculated on Coupon Valuation Date(i), which is then paid on 
Coupon Payment Date(i). These should correspond with any Variable Data with the 
same suffix. 
Furthermore, the suffix may be amended to provide clarification if relevant to the 
understanding of the Product. This may include the specific “Valuation Date(i)” being 
precised (for example, to “Coupon Valuation Date(i)” or “Final Valuation Date”). 
Moreover, schedule reference items “i”, “d” or “T” may be substituted with other values 
if necessary or relevant. For example, “i” may be substituted for the numeric value 
relating to one specific period. Alternatively, the items may be substituted if multiple 
schedules are required in the same product. Such schedules will be defined in the Final 
Terms. 
In addition, dates and schedules may be define in the Final Terms in terms of other 
dates and schedules. For example, the Coupon Payment Date(i) may be defined as “5 
business days after Coupon Valuation Date(i)”. Alternatively, Autocall Observation

--- Page 370 ---
370 
 
 
Dates(i) may be defined in the Final Terms as “Each Valuation Date(i) from i=2 to i=5”, 
where each Valuation Date(i) is defined elsewhere in the Final Terms. 
Likewise, the components (such as Variables and Reference Formula) may reference 
another valuation date in the same schedule. For example, “i” can be replaced with “i-
1” to reference the value of the component on the previous valuation date rather than 
the current valuation date.  
(b) 
Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions 
For all Valuation Dates and / or Observation Dates, including all schedules or 
definitions that contain the terms “Valuation Date” or “Observation Date”, if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day and the product has a single Underlying, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day shall be taken. 
If such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day and the product has a multiple Underlying, 
either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of any type of Valuation 
Date(s) or Observation Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings of the Products, 
the next following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings of 
the Products 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of any type of Valuation 
Date(s) or Observation Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in 
respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for 
such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Underlying.  
16.10 
Additional Definitions 
Accrual Threshold, including Accrual Threshold_1 and Accrual Threshold_2, means, 
where applicable, an amount, value or percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
Autocall Barrier, including Autocall Barrier_1 and Autocall Barrier_2, means, where 
applicable, an amount, value or percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms of the relevant Products.  
Basket Weighting, where applicable, means a specified amount, value, Performance or 
percentage assigned to each relevant Underlying in the applicable Final Terms. For clarity, 
each amount, value, Performance or percentage may differ per applicable Underlying. 
Coupon Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the 
relevant Products.  
CouponAccrualRate(i), where applicable, means one of the following: 
(a) 
Observations In Range(i) / Number Of Range Observations(i) 
Or  
(b) 
“1” 
In the latter case “(b)” no definition is required in the Final Terms and the variable does not 
need to be referenced in the applicable formula related to the Coupon Amount in accordance 
with the Simplification Convention, unless the definition can be different in another period “i”. 
Coupon Threshold means, where applicable, an amount, value or percentage specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Count Event Threshold means an amount or value specified in the Final Terms, where 
applicable.

--- Page 371 ---
371 
 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time , 
such day count fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
 where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= [360 × (Y2 - Y1) + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] / 360 
Where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Calculation Period falls;  
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period, unless 
(f) 
if the DayCountFraction is equal to "1/1", "1", “N/A”, or “Not Applicable”, it means that 
the DayCountFraction used in the applicable formula will be equal to “1”. Consequently, 
there is no reason to reference the DayCountFraction in the applicable product 
formulas specified in the Final Terms (in accordance with the Simplification 
Convention) and consequently no need to define the DayCountFraction in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
Days Accrued Until Recall, where applicable, means one of the following:  
(a) 
the number of [Business Days] [Calendar Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] between the day an Autocall Event occurs and the Initial Fixing Date. 
Or

--- Page 372 ---
372 
 
 
(b) 
the number of [Business Days] [Calendar Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] the between the applicable [Autocall] Redemption Date and the Issue 
Date. 
Deactivation Threshold means, where applicable, an amount, value or percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
Final Conditional Barrier means, where applicable, an amount, value or percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
Flexible Barrier Autocall Type means, where applicable, the relevant flexible barrier autocall 
option defined in the programme and as specified in relevant Final Terms. 
Flexible Barrier Coupon Type means, where applicable, the relevant flexible barrier coupon 
option defined in the programme and as specified in relevant Final Terms. 
Flexible Barrier Final Redemption Type means, where applicable, the relevant flexible barrier 
final redemption option defined in the programme and as specified in relevant Final Terms. 
Glider Event Threshold means, where applicable, an amount, value or percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
High Accrual Threshold, including High Accrual Threshold_1 and High Accrual 
Threshold_2, means, where applicable, an amount, value or percentage specified in the Final 
Terms. 
High Coupon Threshold means, where applicable, an amount, value or percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
Initial Level will be defined in the Final Terms as one of the following: 
(a) 
The Level of the Underlying on the Initial Fixing Date. 
Or  
(b) 
In respect of each Underlying, the Level of the Underlying on the Initial Fixing Date. 
Or  
(c) 
The [highest Level] [lowest Level] [median Level] [arithmetic average of the Levels] of 
the Underlying observed on the Initial Lookback Observation Dates. 
Or  
(d) 
In respect of each Underlying, the [highest Level] [lowest Level] [median Level] 
[arithmetic average of the Levels] of the Underlying observed on the Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates. 
Or  
(e) 
The 
[highest] 
[lowest] 
[median] 
[artithmetic 
average 
of] 
ReferenceFormula_InitialLevel(T) observed on the Initial Lookback Observation Dates 
[multiplied by the Level of the Underlying on the Initial Fixing Date]. 
Or 
(f) 
In respect of each Underlying, the [highest] [lowest] [median] [artithmetic average of] 
ReferenceFormula_InitialLevel(T) observed on the Initial Lookback Observation Dates 
[multiplied by the Level of the Underlying on the Initial Fixing Date]. 
Or 
(g) 
The [highest Level] [lowest Level] [median Level] [arithmetic average of the Levels] of 
the Underlying observed during the Initial Lookback Observation Period. 
Or  
(h) 
In respect of each Underlying, the [highest Level] [lowest Level] [median Level] 
[arithmetic average of the Levels] of the Underlying observed during the Initial 
Lookback Observation Period. 
Or

--- Page 373 ---
373 
 
 
(i) 
The 
[highest] 
[lowest] 
[median] 
[artithmetic 
average 
of] 
ReferenceFormula_InitialLevel(T) observed on the during the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period [multiplied by the Level of the Underlying on the Initial Fixing Date]. 
Or 
(j) 
In respect of each Underlying, the [highest] [lowest] [median] [artithmetic average of] 
ReferenceFormula_InitialLevel(T) observed on the during the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period [multiplied by the Level of the Underlying on the Initial Fixing Date]. 
Or  
(k) 
100% 
Initial Level(0) means, in respect of an Underlying, the Initial Fixing Level. 
Issuer Option Notice Period means the amount of notice specified in the Final Terms, where 
applicable, that the Issuer must provide to the holders of the Products prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date to redeem the Products at the Optional Redemption Amount on the 
Optional Redemption Date. This may be expressed in the Final Terms in as a maximum and 
minimum period, a fixed period, or a specific date, which in the event that the Products are 
cleared by Euroclear, the period shall be of a minimum of 5 Businesss Days. 
LockInFloor, where applicable, will be defined in the Final Terms as one of the following:  
(a) 
means the highest Lock Performance that ReferenceFormula_LockInFloor(T) has 
been observed [above] [at or above] during the Lock In Observation Period. 
Or 
(b) 
means the highest Lock Performance that ReferenceFormula_LockInFloor(T) has 
been observed [above] [at or above] on any of the Lock In Observation Dates. 
Or 
(c) 
means the highest Lock Performance that ReferenceFormula_LockInFloor(T) has 
been observed [above] [at or above] on the Lock In Observation Date. 
Lock Performance, where applicable, means a list of values, levels, performances or 
percentages that are specified in the Final Terms.  
Low Accrual Threshold, including Low Accrual Threshold_1 and Low Accrual Threshold_2, 
means, where applicable, an amount, value or percentage specified in the Final Terms. 
Low Coupon Threshold means, where applicable, an amount, value or percentage specified 
in the Final Terms. 
Memory Barrier means, where applicable, an amount, value or percentage specified in the 
Final Terms. 
Number Of Range Observations(i) means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange 
Business Days] [Underlying Trading Days] between [Coupon] Valuation Date(i-1) and [Coupon] 
Valuation Date(i). 
Observations In Range(i), where applicable, will be defined in the Final Terms as one of the 
following: 
(a) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [the Underlying] [each Underlying] [at least one Underlying] 
[ReferenceFormula_CouponAccrual] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] [the 
Accrual Threshold(i)] [RangeAccrualTheshold(i)] between [Coupon] Valuation Date(i-
1) and [Coupon] Valuation Date(i). 
Or  
(b) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [the Underlying] [each Underlying] [at least one Underlying] 
[ReferenceFormula_CouponAccrual] is [at or above] [above] [the Low Accrual 
Threshold(i)] [LowRangeAccrualTheshold(i)] and [at or below] [below] [the High 
Accrual Threshold(i)] [HighRangeAccrualTheshold(i)] between [Coupon] Valuation 
Date(i-1) and [Coupon] Valuation Date(i).

--- Page 374 ---
374 
 
 
Observations In Range_1(i), where applicable, will be defined in the Final Terms as one of 
the following: 
(a) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [the Underlying] [each Underlying] [at least one Underlying] 
[ReferenceFormula_CouponAccrual] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] [the 
Accrual Threshold(i)_1] [RangeAccrualTheshold(i)_1] between [Coupon] Valuation 
Date(i-1) and [Coupon] Valuation Date(i). 
Or  
(b) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [the Underlying] [each Underlying] [at least one Underlying] 
[ReferenceFormula_CouponAccrual] is [at or above] [above] [the Low Accrual 
Threshold_1(i)] [LowRangeAccrualTheshold_1(i)] and [at or below] [below] [the High 
Accrual 
Threshold_1(i)] 
[HighRangeAccrualTheshold_1(i)] 
between 
[Coupon] 
Valuation Date(i-1) and [Coupon] Valuation Date(i). 
Observations In Range_2(i), where applicable, will be defined in the Final Terms as one of 
the following: 
(a) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [the Underlying] [each Underlying] [at least one Underlying] 
[ReferenceFormula_CouponAccrual] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] [the 
Accrual Threshold_2(i)] [RangeAccrualTheshold_2(i)] between [Coupon] Valuation 
Date(i-1) and [Coupon] Valuation Date(i). 
Or  
(b) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [the Underlying] [each Underlying] [at least one Underlying] 
[ReferenceFormula_CouponAccrual] is [at or above] [above] [the Low Accrual 
Threshold_2(i)] [LowRangeAccrualTheshold_2(i)] and [at or below] [below] [the High 
Accrual 
Threshold_2(i)] 
[HighRangeAccrualTheshold_2(i)] 
between 
[Coupon] 
Valuation Date(i-1) and [Coupon] Valuation Date(i). 
Or  
(c) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [the Underlying] [each Underlying] [at least one Underlying] 
[ReferenceFormula_CouponAccrual] is [at or above] [above] the [the Accrual 
Threshold_2(i)] [RangeAccrualTheshold_2(i)] and [at or below] [below] the [the Accrual 
Threshold_1(i)] [RangeAccrualTheshold_1(i)] between [Coupon] Valuation Date(i-1) 
and [Coupon] Valuation Date(i). 
Or  
(d) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [the Underlying] [each Underlying] [at least one Underlying] 
[ReferenceFormula_CouponAccrual] is [at or above] [above] [the Low Accrual 
Threshold_2(i)] [LowRangeAccrualTheshold_2(i)] and [at or below] [below] [the Low 
Accrual Threshold_1(i)] [LowRangeAccrualTheshold_1(i)] and [at or below] [below] the 
[the High Accrual Threshold_2(i)] [HighRangeAccrualTheshold_2(i)] and [at or above] 
[above] [the High Accrual Threshold_1(i)] [HighRangeAccrualTheshold_1(i)] between 
[Coupon] Valuation Date(i-1) and [Coupon] Valuation Date(i). 
Observations In Range_3 (i), where applicable, will be defined in the Final Terms as one of 
the following: 
(a) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [the Underlying] [each Underlying] [at least one Underlying] 
[ReferenceFormula_CouponAccrual] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] [the 
Accrual Threshold_3(i)] [RangeAccrualTheshold_3(i)] between [Coupon] Valuation 
Date(i-1) and [Coupon] Valuation Date(i). 
Or  
(b) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [the Underlying] [each Underlying] [at least one Underlying]

--- Page 375 ---
375 
 
 
[ReferenceFormula_CouponAccrual] is [at or above] [above] [the Low Accrual 
Threshold_3(i)] [LowRangeAccrualTheshold_3(i)] and [at or below] [below] [the High 
Accrual 
Threshold_3(i)] 
[HighRangeAccrualTheshold_3(i)] 
between 
[Coupon] 
Valuation Date(i-1) and [Coupon] Valuation Date(i). 
Or  
(c) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [the Underlying] [each Underlying] [at least one Underlying] 
[ReferenceFormula_CouponAccrual] is [at or above] [above] the [the Accrual 
Threshold_3(i)] [RangeAccrualTheshold_3(i)] and [at or below] [below] the [the Accrual 
Threshold_2(i)] [RangeAccrualTheshold_2(i)] between [Coupon] Valuation Date(i-1) 
and [Coupon] Valuation Date(i). 
Or  
(d) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [the Underlying] [each Underlying] [at least one Underlying] 
[ReferenceFormula_CouponAccrual] is [at or above] [above] [the Low Accrual 
Threshold_3(i)] [LowRangeAccrualTheshold_3(i)] and [at or below] [below] [the Low 
Accrual Threshold_2(i)] [LowRangeAccrualTheshold_2(i)] and [at or below] [below] the 
[the High Accrual Threshold_3(i)] [HighRangeAccrualTheshold_3(i)] and [at or above] 
[above] [the High Accrual Threshold_2(i)] [HighRangeAccrualTheshold_2(i)] between 
[Coupon] Valuation Date(i-1) and [Coupon] Valuation Date(i). 
Optional Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms of the relevant Products.  
Product Holder Option Notice Period means the amount of notice specified in the Final 
Terms, where applicable, that the holders of the Products must provide the Issuer prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date to redeem the Products at the Optional Redemption 
Amount on the Optional Redemption Date. This may be expressed in the Final Terms in as a 
maximum and minimum period, a fixed period, or a specific date, which in the event that the 
Products are cleared by Euroclear, the period shall be of a minimum of 5 Businesss Days. 
Puttable Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms of the relevant Products.  
RecallAccrualFactor, where applicable, means Days Accrued Until Recall / 365 
Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of 
the relevant Products.  
Redemption Barrier Threshold means an amount, value or percentage specified in the Final 
Terms, where applicable. 
Reference Rate means, where applicable and in respect of a Reference Rate, a rate for such 
Reference Rate, as displayed on the Screen Page, which is relevant for the Products. This 
Reference Rate will not be considered as an Underlying in the context of any ReferenceFormula 
other than “Rate”, “Rate(i)”, “Rate(d)” and “Rate(T)”, or containing references to such, but will 
be considered as an Underlying in all other aspects of the applicable Final Terms and this 
programme, including the “Underlying Specific Conditions” (notably the “Reference Rate Linked 
Conditions” section). 
SumOfCouponsAccumulated(i) means the sum of Coupon Amounts calculated on each 
[Coupon] Valuation Date up to and including the current Coupon Valuation Date, expressed as 
a percentage of the Calculation Amount. 
SumOfCouponsAccumulated(i-1) means the sum of Coupon Amounts calculated on each 
[Coupon] Valuation Date up to and including the previous Coupon Valuation Date, expressed 
as a percentage of the Calculation Amount. On the first Coupon Valuation Date, the 
SumOfCouponsAccumulated(i-1) will be equal to 0. 
SumOfCouponsPaid(i) means the sum of Coupon Amounts calculated on each [Coupon] 
Valuation Date up to and including the current Coupon Valuation Date, expressed as a 
percentage of the Calculation Amount.  
SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1) means the sum of Coupon Amounts calculated on each [Coupon] 
Valuation Date up to and including the previous Coupon Valuation Date, expressed as a

--- Page 376 ---
376 
 
 
percentage of the Calculation Amount. On the first Coupon Valuation Date, the 
SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1) will be equal to 0. 
Strike Level means an amount specified in the Final Terms, where applicable, which is 
expressed as a percentage of the Initial Level. 
Time Count Event means, where applicable, one of the following and specified as such in the 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
A Time Count Event occurs for each [Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] during the Time Count Event Observation Period, that the 
[Intraday Price] [Closing Price] [Commodity Reference Price] of [the] [each] [any] 
Underlying has been observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] [the Time 
Count Event Threshold] [TimeCountThreshold].  
Or 
(b) 
A Time Count Event occurs for each [Fixing] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] during the Time Count Event Observation Period, that 
ReferenceFormula_TimeCountEventThreshold(T) has been observed [at or above] 
[above] [at or below] [below] [the Time Count Event Threshold] [TimeCountThreshold].  
Or 
(c) 
A Time Count Event occurs for each Time Count Event Observation Date(i), that the 
[Intraday Price] [Closing Price] [Commodity Reference Price] of [the] [each] [any] 
Underlying has been observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] [the Time 
Count Event Threshold] [TimeCountThreshold].  
Or 
(d) 
A Time Count Event occurs for each Time Count Event Observation Date(i), that 
ReferenceFormula_TimeCountEventThreshold(T) has been observed [at or above] 
[above] [at or below] [below] [the Time Count Event Threshold] [TimeCountThreshold].  
Time Count Event Threshold means an amount or value specified in the Final Terms, where 
applicable. 
Underlying Count Event means, where applicable, one of the following and specified as such 
in the Final Terms: 
(a) 
An Underlying Count Event occurs in respect of each [applicable] Underlying, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if on at least one [Fixing] [Business Day] 
[Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] during the Count Event 
Observation Period, the [Intraday Price] [Closing Price] [Commodity Reference Price] 
of the Underlying has been observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] [the 
Count Event Threshold] [CountThreshold].  
Or 
(b) 
An Underlying Count Event occurs in respect of each [applicable] Underlying, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if on at least one [Fixing] [Business Day] 
[Exchange Business Day] [Underlying Trading Day] during the Count Event 
Observation Period, ReferenceFormula_CountEventThreshold(T) in respect of the 
Underlying has been observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] [the Count 
Event Threshold] [CountThreshold].  
Or 
(c) 
An Underlying Count Event occurs in respect of each [applicable] Underlying, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if the [Intraday Price] [Closing Price] [Commodity 
Reference Price] of the Underlying has been observed [at or above] [above] [at or 
below] [below] the Count Event Threshold on [the Count Event Threshold] 
[CountThreshold].  
Or 
(d) 
An Underlying Count Event occurs in respect of each [applicable] Underlying, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, if ReferenceFormula_CountEventThreshold(T) in 
respect of the Underlying has been observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below]

--- Page 377 ---
377 
 
 
[the Count Event Threshold] [CountThreshold] on [the Count Event Threshold] 
[CountThreshold].  
Underlying Currency means, in respect of an Underlying, the currency specified as such in 
the Final Terms.  
16.11 
Simplification Convention 
For ease of reading, certain conditions and formulas relating to Product Formula(e) as defined 
herein may be simplified as follows: 
(a) 
Case 1: variable data can be removed if it will have no impact or does not change the 
result of the calculation, or is not applicable by implication of the value of other 
variables: 
For example, in respect of the following formula: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x { Coupon_1(i) + (LinearCoupon_1 x i) + 
Max(CouponFloor_1(i) + (LinearCouponFloor_1 x i) ; Min(CouponCap_1(i) + 
(LinearCouponCap_1 
x 
i); 
CouponLeverage_1(i) 
x 
((ReferenceFormula_CouponAmount_1 – CouponStrike_1(i)) + CouponSpread_1(i)))) 
– (MemoryFactor_Coupon_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1))} x (CouponAccrual_Factor_1 
x CouponAccrualRate(i)) x DayCountFraction(i)  
If the Coupon Leverage is 0 for each period (“i”), hence making the cap and floor 
variables redundant, and the Coupon_1 is a different value for each period (i), Coupon 
Memory and Coupon Accrual are both not applicable (thus MemoryFactor_Coupon_1 
and CouponAccrual_Factor_1 are both equal to zero) and the DayCountFraction is 
“1/1” in each period, the formula can be simplified in the applicable Final Terms to: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x Coupon_1(i) 
(b) 
Case 2: Variable suffixes can be removed if no distinction is needed to be made 
between variables relating to the same condition or formula component: 
In the example from Case 1, if the additional possible Coupon variables in the different 
scenario and amount formulas (Coupon_2, Coupon_3, Coupon_4) are equal to 0 or 
are not applicable for the chosen Coupon Option, the above formula can be written 
without the suffix “_1”, thus the following formula from Case 1: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x Coupon_1(i) 
Can instead be written in the applicable Final Terms as: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x Coupon(i) 
(c) 
Case 3: addition of Variable Data and values determined based on Reference 
Formulae when such values are known and the value is the same in each period (if the 
formula applies to multiple periods): 
Thus, as per the example in Case 2, the formula  
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x Coupon(i) 
Can be written in the applicable Final Terms as: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x 3.21% 
(d) 
Case 4: removal of conditions on individual scenario lines with no added value in the 
scenario conditions of the product formulas 
If we take the following set of Final Redemption conditions from “Final Redemption 
Option 3: Two Final Barriers”: 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
….. 
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 [and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] FinalBarrier_2, then:

--- Page 378 ---
378 
 
 
….. 
(iii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 [and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) is [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] FinalBarrier_2, then: 
….. 
(A) 
Example 1: ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is equal to 
WorstPerformance(1), 
ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) 
is 
equal to WorstPerformance(1), FinalBarrier_1 is equal to 100%, 
FinalBarrier_2 is equal to 60% and “at or above” takes priority in the 
scenarios for each barrier, thus replacing these values in the 
conditions, the conditions become: 
On the Final Valuation Date, if WorstPerformance(1) is at or above 
100%, then: 
….. 
On the Final Valuation Date, if WorstPerformance(1) is below 100% 
and WorstPerformance(1) is at or above 60%, then: 
….. 
On the Final Valuation Date, if WorstPerformance(1) is below 100% 
and WorstPerformance(1) is below 60%, then: 
In this case, the condition “if WorstPerformance(1) is below 100%” is 
not required in the third scenario, as WorstPerformance(1) must be 
below 100% if WorstPerformance(1) is below 60%. Thus, the above 
can be simplified to: 
On the Final Valuation Date, if WorstPerformance(1) is at or above 
100%, then: 
…. 
On the Final Valuation Date, if WorstPerformance(1) is below 100% 
and WorstPerformance(1) is at or above 60%, then: 
….. 
On the Final Valuation Date, if WorstPerformance(1) is below 60%, 
then: 
….. 
(B) 
Example 2: ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_1(T) is equal to 
BestPerformance(1), ReferenceFormula_FinalCondition_2(T) is equal 
to 
WorstPerformance(1), 
FinalBarrier_1 
is 
equal 
to 
100%, 
FinalBarrier_2 is equal to 60% and “at or above” takes priority in the 
scenarios for each barrier, thus replacing these values in the 
conditions, the conditions become: 
On the Final Valuation Date, if BestPerformance(1) is at or above 
100%, then: 
….. 
On the Final Valuation Date, if BestPerformance(1) is below 100% and 
WorstPerformance(1) is at or above 60%, then: 
….. 
On the Final Valuation Date, if BestPerformance(1) is below 100% and 
WorstPerformance(1) is below 60%, then: 
….. 
In this case, the condition “if BestPerformance(1) is below 100%” is 
required in the third scenario, as BestPerformance(1) is not

--- Page 379 ---
379 
 
 
necessarily below 100% if WorstPerformance(1) is below 60%. Thus, 
this scenario condition cannot be suppressed and must be written in 
the Final Terms as above. 
Please note that this simplification condition (“Case 4”) only applies to 
individual scenario condition lines. The scenario structure should 
remain the same for each Coupon, Automatic Early Redemption and 
Final Redemption option. Thus an option that has 3 final redemption 
individual condition and amount lines in this Programme, must 
maintain 3 individual condition and amount lines in the applicable Final 
Terms for a product. 
(e) 
Case 5: simplification of operators in formulas, whereby double operators (or 
equivalent) can be substituted by a single operator. 
For example, in respect to the following simplified formula 
Final Redemption Amount = Calculation Amount x { ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 + 
(FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_1(T) – FinalStrike_1)) } 
If 
it 
is 
in 
reference 
to 
product 
period 
5 
(valuation 
date(5)), 
ReferenceFormula_FinalAmount_1(T) is Return(i), ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 is 
100%, FinalParticipation_1 is 150% and FinalStrike_1 is -5%, then instead of writing 
the formula with a double negative “- -5%” as per the below 
Final Redemption Amount = Calculation Amount x { 100% + 150% x (Return(5) – –5%) 
} 
The formula can be written in the applicable Final Terms as: 
Final Redemption Amount = Calculation Amount x { 100% + 150% x (Return(5) + 5%) 
} 
17. 
Rate Linked Products 
This section (“Rate Linked Products”) applies if the Payout Style is specified as “Rate Linked 
Product” in the Final Terms.  
Description: Rate Linked Products comprise of Products which provide exposure to the value 
of an Underlying Reference Benchmark Rate or the difference between two different 
benchmark rates (a Reference Spread), where the product amount(s) can be a pre-determined 
fixed value, directly related to the value of the Reference Benchmark Rate or Reference 
Spread, and /or determined based on one or several conditions (which can categorized in 
multiple scenarios). In the latter case, a condition is satisfied (or not) if the value of the relevant 
reference rate or Reference Spread is higher than or equal to (or lower) a pre-defined value. 
The value of the Reference Benchmark Rate or Reference Spread used to determine the 
product amount(s) can be leveraged, floored, capped and/or adjusted with a spread. 
The product amounts may consist of one or more of the following forms, which are further 
described in the following sections of this Base Prospectus and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
o 
A Final Redemption Amount, which is an amount paid on the Redemption Date, unless 
the product has been previously redeemed. This amount is determined on the basis of 
an applicable Final Redemption Option. The applicable Final Terms will specify the 
applicable Final Redempttion Option, chosen from the options in section 17.3 used for 
determining and calculating the Redemption Amount. 
o 
If applicable, Coupon Amount(s), which is an amount paid on the Coupon Payment 
Date(s), unless the product has been previously redeemed. The amount paid on each 
Coupon Payment Date is determined on the basis of an applicable Coupon Type. The 
applicable Final Terms will specify the applicable Coupon Type, if any, chosen from the 
options in section 17.1 used for determining and calculating the Coupon Amount. 
o 
If applicable, an Autocall Redemption Amount, which is an amount determined 
according to one or multiple conditions linked to the performance of an Underlying or a 
basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a basket and paid on the corresponding 
Automatic Redemption Date if the product is automatically early redeemed according

--- Page 380 ---
380 
 
 
to the Autocall Provisions set out in the applicable Final Terms and this base 
prospectus.  
o 
If applicable, an Optional Redemption Amount, which is a pre-determined amount that 
can be paid on the relevant optional redemption date if the product is redeemed early 
at the option of the issuer according to the conditions set out in the applicable Final 
Terms.   
o 
If applicable, a Puttable Redemption Amount, which is a pre-determined amount that 
can be paid on the relevant puttable redemption date if the product is redeemed early 
at the option of the product holder(s) according to the conditions set out in the 
applicable Final Terms.     
For products that are specified as Rate Linked Products, the payout formula(e) and conditions 
linked to the above relevant product amount(s) (where applicable) according to the payout 
formula(e) and conditions in this section will be written in the applicable Final Terms of the 
Products, in a simplified format in accordance with the Simplification Conventions described in 
section 17.9. 
17.1 
Coupon 
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms no Coupon 
Amounts will be payable in respect of the Products.  
If 'Coupon Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms the Coupon Amount 
payable in respect of each Product on each Coupon Payment Date shall be the Coupon Amount 
(if any) pursuant to, the applicable Coupon Type below (as specified in the Final Terms). 
Any relevant Product Formula used to determine the Coupon Amount(s) of the Product will be 
replicated in the applicable Final Terms with the values taken by the Variable Data, the 
ReferenceFormula(e), the necessary Schedule(s), as well as the indication of the specific 
definitions. Furthermore, Product Formula or Product Formulas replicated in the applicable 
Final Terms may apply the Simplification Conventions and may substitute terminology as 
otherwise stated in the Payout Conditions. 
Any calculated Coupon Amount is paid on the corresponding payment date indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Fixed Coupon 
If the Coupon Type is specified as “Fixed Coupon” in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount relating to each period, i, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
On each Coupon Payment Date(i), the Productholder receives: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x Coupon Rate(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed,  the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is equal to a predetermined value 
(b) 
Floating Coupon 
If the Coupon Type is specified as “Floating Coupon” in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount relating to each period, i, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the applicable Coupon Valuation Date(i) in 
accordance with the following formula: 
On each Coupon Payment Date(i), the product holder receives: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor(i); Min(Coupon Cap(i); 
(Coupon Leverage(i) x ([Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + 
Coupon Spread(i))))] + Coupon Rate(i)) x Day Count Fraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date that is equal to a value of the considered Reference Benchmark Rate 
or Reference Spread, which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage 
Factor and/or spread. This amount may be further adjusted by a pre-determined value. 
This amount is subject to defined Day Count Fraction.

--- Page 381 ---
381 
 
 
(c) 
Switchable Coupon 
If the Coupon Type is specified as “Switchable Coupon” in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount relating to each period, i, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the applicable Coupon Valuation Date(i) in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if a Coupon Switch Event [has] [has not] 
occurred, then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_1(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_1(i); (Coupon Leverage_1(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_1(i))))] + Coupon Rate_1(i)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if a Coupon Switch Event [has] [has not] 
occurred, then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_2(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_2(i); (Coupon Leverage_2(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_2(i))))] + Coupon Rate_2(i)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst 
the 2 possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on whether the pre-
defined Coupon Switch Event occurs. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a 
predetermined value, which can be increased by the value of an applicable 
Reference Benchmark Rate or  Reference Spread considered, which may be 
subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or spread. This 
amount is subject to defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these components 
can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
(d) 
European Digital Coupon 
If the Coupon Type is specified as “European Digital Coupon” in the Final Terms, then 
unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount relating to each period, i, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the applicable Coupon Valuation Date(i) in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_1(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_1(i); (Coupon Leverage_1(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_1(i))))] + Coupon Rate_1(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_1 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_2(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_2(i); (Coupon Leverage_2(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_2(i))))] + Coupon Rate_2(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_2 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst 
the 2 possible:

--- Page 382 ---
382 
 
 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value of the 
relevant benchmark rate or Reference Spread considered and its position 
compared to the Coupon Barrier. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a 
predetermined value, which can be increased by the value of an applicable 
Reference Benchmark Rate or  Reference Spread considered, which may be 
subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or spread. This 
amount may be increased by a time accumulating component and/or 
decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid on previous Coupon Payment 
Dates. This amount is subject to defined daycount fraction. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
(e) 
European Double Knock-Out Coupon 
If the Coupon Type is specified as “European Double Knock-Out Coupon” in the Final 
Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount relating to each period, 
i, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the applicable Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] LowCouponBarrier(i) and [at or below] 
[below] HighCouponBarrier(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_1(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_1(i); (Coupon Leverage_1(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_1(i))))] + Coupon Rate_1(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_1 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or below] [below] LowCouponBarrier(i) and [at or above] 
[above] HighCouponBarrier(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_2(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_2(i); (Coupon Leverage_2(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_2(i))))] + Coupon Rate_2(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_2 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst 
the 2 possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value of the 
relevant benchmark rate or Reference Spread considered and whether it lies 
between the two separate Coupon Barriers (the Low Coupon Barrier and High 
Coupon Barrier). 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a 
predetermined value, which can be increased by the value of an applicable 
Reference Benchmark Rate or  Reference Spread considered, which may be 
subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or spread. This 
amount may be increased by a time accumulating component and/or 
decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid on previous Coupon Payment 
Dates. This amount is subject to defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs 
(f) 
Barrier Event Linked Coupon 
If the Coupon Type is specified as “Barrier Event Linked Coupon” in the Final Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount relating to each period, i, shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the applicable Coupon Valuation Date(i) 
in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if a Coupon Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred, then:

--- Page 383 ---
383 
 
 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_1(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_1(i); (Coupon Leverage_1(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_1(i))))] + Coupon Rate_1(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_1 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if a Coupon Barrier Event [has] [has not] 
occurred, then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_2(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_2(i); (Coupon Leverage_2(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_2(i))))] + Coupon Rate_2(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_2 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed,  the Product pays on each 
Coupon Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding 
Coupon Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs 
amongst the 2 possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on whether the pre-
defined Coupon Barrier Event occurs. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a 
predetermined value, which can be increased by the value of an applicable 
Reference Benchmark Rate or  Reference Spread considered, which may be 
subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or spread. This 
amount may be increased by a time accumulating component and/or 
decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid on previous Coupon Payment 
Dates. This amount is subject to defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs 
(g) 
Range Accrual Coupon 
If the Coupon Type is specified as “Range Accrual Coupon” in the Final Terms, then 
unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount relating to each period, i, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the applicable Coupon Valuation Date(i) in 
accordance with the following formula: 
On each Coupon Payment Date(i), the Product Holder receives: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x Coupon Rate(i) x (Observations In Range(i) 
/ Number of Range Observations(i)) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date that is equal to a predetermined value multiplied by the the proportion 
of observations that the value of the applicable Reference Benchmark Rate (or 
Reference Spread) is observed within a predefined range. 
(h) 
Tiered Range Accrual Coupon 
If the Coupon Type is specified as “Tiered Range Accrual Coupon” in the Final Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount relating to each period, i, shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the applicable Coupon Valuation Date(i) 
in accordance with the following formula: 
On each Coupon Payment Date(i), the Product Holder receives: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Coupon Rate_1(i) x (Observations In 
Range_1(i) / Number of Range Observations(i))] + [Coupon Rate_2(i) x (Observations 
In Range_2(i) / Number of Range Observations(i))] + [Coupon Rate_3(i) x 
(Observations In Range_3(i) / Number of Range Observations(i))] 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date that is equal to the sum of up three potential values. Each of these 
values consists of a separate predetermined value multiplied by the the proportion of 
observations that the value of the applicable Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference

--- Page 384 ---
384 
 
 
Spread) is observed within a predefined range, whereby this predefined range can be 
different for each of these three separate predetermined values, 
(i) 
Two Tier Digital Coupon 
If the Coupon Type is specified as “Two Tier Digital Coupon” in the Final Terms, then 
unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount relating to each period, i, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the applicable Coupon Valuation Date(i) in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] LowCouponBarrier_1(i) and [at or below] 
[below] HighCouponBarrier_1(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_1(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_1(i); (Coupon Leverage_1(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_1(i))))] + Coupon Rate_1(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_1 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or below] [below] LowCouponBarrier_1(i) and [at or above] 
[above] 
HighCouponBarrier_1(i), 
but 
[at 
or 
above] 
[above] 
LowCouponBarrier_2(i) and [at or below] [below] HighCouponBarrier_2(i), 
then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_2(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_2(i); (Coupon Leverage_2(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_2(i))))] + Coupon Rate_2(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_2 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
(iii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or below] [below] LowCouponBarrier_2(i) and [at or above] 
[above] HighCouponBarrier_2(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_3(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_3(i); (Coupon Leverage_3(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_3(i))))] + Coupon Rate_3(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_3 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst 
the 3 possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value of the 
relevant reference benchmark rate (or reference spread) and of its position 
compared to the different CouponBarriers. For the first scenario to be satisfied, 
the value of the applicable reference benchmark rate (or reference spread) 
must be between the LowCouponBarrier_1 and HighCouponBarrier_1. If the 
value of the applicable reference benchmark rate (or reference spread) is 
outside of this range, then scenario 2 will be satisfied if the value of the 
applicable reference benchmark rate (or reference spread) is  between the 
LowCouponBarrier_2 and HighCouponBarrier_2, which represents a wider 
range than LowCouponBarrier_1 and HighCouponBarrier_1. If  the value of the 
applicable reference benchmark rate (or reference spread) is not between the 
LowCouponBarrier_2 and HighCouponBarrier_2, then the final scenario 
(scenario 3) will apply. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a 
predetermined value, which can be increased by the value of an applicable 
Reference Benchmark Rate or Reference Spread considered, which may be 
subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or spread. This 
amount may be increased by a time accumulating component and/or 
decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid on previous Coupon Payment

--- Page 385 ---
385 
 
 
Dates. This amount is subject to defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs 
(j) 
Three Tier Digital Coupon 
If the Coupon Type is specified as “Three Tier Digital Coupon” in the Final Terms, then 
unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount relating to each period, i, shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the applicable Coupon Valuation Date(i) in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] LowCouponBarrier_1(i) and [at or below] 
[below] HighCouponBarrier_1(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_1(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_1(i); (Coupon Leverage_1(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_1(i))))] + Coupon Rate_1(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_1 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or below] [below] LowCouponBarrier_1(i) and [at or above] 
[above] 
HighCouponBarrier_1(i), 
but 
[at 
or 
above] 
[above] 
LowCouponBarrier_2(i) and [at or below] [below] HighCouponBarrier_2(i), 
then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_2(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_2(i); (Coupon Leverage_2(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_2(i))))] + Coupon Rate_2(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_2 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
(iii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or below] [below] LowCouponBarrier_2(i) and [at or above] 
[above] 
HighCouponBarrier_2(i), 
but 
[at 
or 
above] 
[above] 
LowCouponBarrier_3(i) and [at or below] [below] HighCouponBarrier_3(i), 
then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_3(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_3(i); (Coupon Leverage_3(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_3(i))))] + Coupon Rate_3(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_3 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
(iv) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or below] [below] LowCouponBarrier_3(i) and [at or above] 
[above] HighCouponBarrier_3(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_4(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_4(i); (Coupon Leverage_4(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_4(i))))] + Coupon Rate_4(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_4 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_4 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed,  the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon 
Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst 
the 4 possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value of the 
relevant Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference Spread) and of its position 
compared to the different Coupon Barriers. For the first scenario to be satisfied, 
the value of the applicable Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference Spread) 
must be between the LowCouponBarrier_1 and HighCouponBarrier_1. If the 
value of the applicable Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference Spread) is 
outside of this range, then scenario 2 will be satisfied if the value of the 
applicable Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference Spread) is  between the

--- Page 386 ---
386 
 
 
LowCouponBarrier_2 and HighCouponBarrier_2, which represents a wider 
range than LowCouponBarrier_1 and HighCouponBarrier_1. If the value of the 
applicable Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference Spread) is outside of the 
range of LowCouponBarrier_1 to HighCouponBarrier_1, then scenario 3 will 
be satisfied if the value of the applicable Reference Benchmark Rate (or 
Reference 
Spread) 
is 
 
between 
the 
LowCouponBarrier_3 
and 
HighCouponBarrier_3, 
which 
represents 
a 
wider 
range 
than 
LowCouponBarrier_2 and HighCouponBarrier_2. If  the value of the applicable 
Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference Spread) is not between the 
LowCouponBarrier_3 and HighCouponBarrier_3, then the final scenario 
(scenario 4) will apply. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a 
predetermined value, which can be increased by the value of an applicable 
Reference Benchmark Rate or  Reference Spread considered, which may be 
subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or spread. This 
amount may be increased by a time accumulating component and/or 
decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid on previous Coupon Payment 
Dates. This amount is subject to defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
(k) 
Two Step Down Digital Coupon 
If the Coupon Type is specified as “Two Step Down Digital Coupon” in the Final Terms, 
then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount relating to each period, i, shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the applicable Coupon Valuation Date(i) 
in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i), 
then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_1(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_1(i); (Coupon Leverage_1(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_1(i))))] + Coupon Rate_1(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_1 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i) 
and [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_2(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_2(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_2(i); (Coupon Leverage_2(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_2(i))))] + Coupon Rate_2(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_2 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
(iii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_2(i), 
then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_3(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_3(i); (Coupon Leverage_3(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_3(i))))] + Coupon Rate_3(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_3 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed,  the Product pays on each 
Coupon Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the 
corresponding Coupon Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon 
which scenario occurs amongst the 3 possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value of the 
relevant Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference Spread) and the respective 
position compared to the two Coupon Barriers.The occurrence of these 
scenarios first depends on the value of the considered Reference Benchmark

--- Page 387 ---
387 
 
 
Rate (or Reference Spread) and its  respective positions compared to the first 
Coupon Barrier. If the value of this Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference 
Spread) does not meet the condition relative to the Coupon Barrier in the first 
scenario, the determination of which scenario is applicable (either the second 
or the third) depends on the value of the relevant Reference Benchmark Rate 
(or Reference Spread) and of its position compared to the second Coupon 
Barrier. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a 
predetermined value, which can be increased by the value of an applicable 
Reference Benchmark Rate or  Reference Spread considered, which may be 
subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or spread. This 
amount may be increased by a time accumulating component and/or 
decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid on previous Coupon Payment 
Dates. This amount is subject to defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
(l) 
Three-Step Down Digital Coupon 
If the Coupon Type is specified as “Three Step Down Digital Coupon” in the Final 
Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Coupon Amount relating to each period, 
i, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of the applicable Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i), 
then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_1(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_1(i); (Coupon Leverage_1(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_1(i))))] + Coupon Rate_1(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_1 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
(ii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_1(i) 
and [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_2(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_2(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_2(i); (Coupon Leverage_2(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_2(i))))] + Coupon Rate_2(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_2 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
(iii) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_2(i) 
and [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_3(i), then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_2(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_2(i); (Coupon Leverage_2(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_2(i))))] + Coupon Rate_2(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_3 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
(iv) 
On Coupon Valuation Date(i), if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] CouponBarrier_3(i), 
then: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor_2(i); 
Min(Coupon Cap_2(i); (Coupon Leverage_2(i) x ([Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] + Coupon Spread_2(i))))] + Coupon Rate_2(i) 
+ (LinearCoupon_4 x i) - (MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
x Day Count Fraction(i) 
Coupon Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on each Coupon 
Payment Date a Coupon Amount that is determined on the corresponding Coupon

--- Page 388 ---
388 
 
 
Valuation Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst 
the 3 possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on the value of the 
considered Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference Spread) and its  
respective position compared to the first Coupon Barrier. If the value of this 
Reference Formula does not meet the condition relative to the Coupon Barrier 
in the first scenario, then the value of the Reference Benchmark Rate (or 
Reference Spread) is compared to the second Coupon Barrier for the second 
scenario. If the value of this Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference Spread) 
does not meet this second condition relative to the second Coupon Barrier for 
scenario 2, then the determination of which scenario is applicable (either the 
third or the fourth) depends on the value of the relevant Reference Benchmark 
Rate (or Reference Spread) compared to the third Coupon Barrier. 
o 
The Coupon Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to a 
predetermined value, which can be increased by the value of an applicable 
Reference Benchmark Rate or Reference Spread considered, which may be 
subject to a floor and/or cap and/or Leverage Factor and/or spread. This 
amount may be increased by a time accumulating component and/or 
decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid on previous Coupon Payment 
Dates. This amount is subject to defined Day Count Fraction. Each of these 
components can vary according to the scenario that occurs. 
17.2 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, the Autocall 
Provisions shall not apply to the Products. 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms and the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Autocall Event has occurred in respect of an Autocall Observation 
Date or an Autocall Observation Period (as applicable), then unless the Products have been 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer shall redeem each Product on the 
Autocall Redemption Date corresponding to the Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall 
Observation Period (as applicable) in respect of which the Autocall Event occurred at the 
Autocall Redemption Amount.  
Notwithstanding any other applicable provisions of the Payout Conditions, if the Conditions 
specify that the final Autocall Redemption Date is scheduled to fall on the same date as the 
Redemption Date, and an Autocall Event occurs in respect of the Autocall Observation Date or 
the Autocall Observation Period (as applicable) corresponding to such final Autocall 
Redemption Date, each Product shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date (which is also the 
final Autocall Redemption Date) at the Autocall Redemption Amount and no further amounts 
shall be payable in respect of such Products.  
(a) 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
If 'Autocall Provisions' are specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of each Product on each Autocall 
Redemption Date shall be the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any). 
Any relevant Product Formula used to determine the Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount(s) of the Product will be replicated in the applicable Final Terms with the values 
taken by the Variable Data, the ReferenceFormula(e), the necessary Schedule(s), as 
well as the indication of the specific Definitions. Furthermore, Product Formula or 
Product Formulas replicated in the applicable Final Terms may apply the Simplification 
Conventions and may substitute terminology as otherwise stated in the Payout 
Conditions. 
If an Autocall Event has occurred, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(i) 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantAutocallRedemptionLevel + AutocallCoupon(i) + (LinearAutocallCoupon x i) - 
(MemoryFactor_Autocall_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1))}

--- Page 389 ---
389 
 
 
Autocall Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product will be 
automatically redeemed early on the corresponding Automatic Redemption Date if an 
autocall event occurs. If the Product is automatically redeemed early, the on the 
Automatic Redemption Date the product will payout an Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount. This Automatic Early Redemption Amount is equal to a predetermined value, 
which may be in addition a flat predetermined amount and/or a time accumulating 
component. This amount may also be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
previously be the Product. 
(b) 
Autocall Event 
An Autocall Event means (and a Autocall Event shall be deemed to have occurred if), 
one of the following (as applicable): 
(i) 
Target Accumulation Condition 
On the Autocall Observation Date(i), an Autocall Event is deemed to have 
occurred, 
as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent, 
if 
SumOfCouponsAccumulated(i) is at or above the Autocall Target Threshold. 
(ii) 
Periodic Autocall Barrier 
On Autocall Observation Date(i), an Autocall Event is deemed to have 
occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if [Reference Benchmark 
Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] 
AutocallBarrier(i). 
(iii) 
Daily Autocall Barrier 
On each [Fixing] [Fixing Date] [Business Day] [Exchange Business Day] 
[Underlying Trading Day] during the Autocall Observation Period, an Autocall 
Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if 
the [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] is [at or above] 
[above] [at or below] [below] the Autocall Barrier. 
17.3 
Final Redemption 
Unless the Products have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Product on the Redemption Date. 
Any relevant Product Formula used to determine the [Final] Redemption Amount of the Product 
will be replicated in the applicable Final Terms with the values taken by the Variable Data, the 
necessary Schedule(s), as well as the indication of the specific definitions. Furthermore, 
Product Formula or Product Formulas replicated in the applicable Final Terms may apply the 
Simplification Conventions and may substitute terminology as otherwise stated in the Payout 
Conditions. 
(a) 
Final Redemption Option 1: Single Scenario 
If the Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 1: Single 
Scenario” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Final Redemption 
Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Final Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Calculation Amount x { ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 + 
FinalCoupon_1 - (MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) 
Final Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on the 
Redemption Date a Final Redemption Amount that is equal to a predetermined value 
and may include an additional predetermined fixed value. This amount may also be 
decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid previously be the Product. 
(b) 
Final Redemption Option 2: Single Final Barrier 
If the Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 2: Single Final 
Barrier” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Final Redemption 
Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Final Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 390 ---
390 
 
 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 
; 
Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x (( [Rate Performance(i)] [Spread 
Performance(i)] 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
FinalCoupon_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x ([Rate Performance(i)] [Spread 
Performance(i)] 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) 
– 
FinalStrike_2))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) } 
Final Redemption Description; Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on the 
Redemption Date a Final Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation 
Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 2 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value of the 
relevant Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference Spread) and its position 
compared to the Final Barrier. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a predetermined value, which may include an additional predetermined fixed 
value. This can be increased by the value of an applicable Reference 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Spread, which may be subject to a floor and / 
or cap and/or Leverage Factor and /or a pre-determined Adjustment Factor. 
This amount may also be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
previously be the product. Each of these components can vary according to 
the scenario that occurs.  
(c) 
Final Redemption Option 3: Single Barrier Event 
If the Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 3: Single Barrier 
Event” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Final Redemption 
Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Final Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, 
then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 
; 
Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x (( [Rate Performance(i)] [Spread 
Performance(i)] 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if a Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, 
then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
FinalCoupon_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x ([Rate Performance(i)] [Spread 
Performance(i)] 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) 
– 
FinalStrike_2))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) } 
Final Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on the 
Redemption Date a Final Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation 
Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 2 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on whether the predefined 
Final Barrier Event occurs.

--- Page 391 ---
391 
 
 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a predetermined value, which may include an additional predetermined fixed 
value. This can be increased by the value of an applicable Reference 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Spread, which may be subject to a floor and / 
or cap and/or Leverage Factor and /or a pre-determined Adjustment Factor. 
This amount may also be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
previously be the Product. Each of these components can vary according to 
the scenario that occurs.  
(d) 
Final Redemption Option 4: Two Final Barriers 
If the Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 4: Two Final 
Barriers” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Final Redemption 
Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Final Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula: 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 
; 
Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x (( [Rate Performance(i)] [Spread 
Performance(i)] 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 and [at 
or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_2, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
FinalCoupon_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x ([Rate Performance(i)] [Spread 
Performance(i)] 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) 
– 
FinalStrike_2))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_2, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_3 
+ 
FinalCoupon_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3 
; 
Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x (( [Rate Performance(i)] [Spread 
Performance(i)] 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_3) 
– 
FinalStrike_3))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Final_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
Final Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on the 
Redemption Date a Final Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation 
Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 3 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value of the 
relevant Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference Spread) and the respective 
position compared to the two Final Barriers.The occurrence of these scenarios 
first depends on the value of the considered Reference Benchmark Rate (or 
Reference Spread) applied and its  respective position compared to the first 
Final Barrier. If the value of this Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference 
Spread) does not meet the condition relative to the Final Barrier in the first 
scenario, the determination of which scenario is applicable (either the second 
or the third) depends on the value of the relevant Reference Benchmark Rate 
(or Reference Spread) compared to the second Final Barrier. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a predetermined value, which may include an additional predetermined fixed 
value. This can be increased by the value of an applicable Reference 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Spread, which may be subject to a floor and/or 
cap and/or Leverage Factor and /or a pre-determined Adjustment Factor. This 
amount may also be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid

--- Page 392 ---
392 
 
 
previously be the product. Each of these components can vary according to 
the scenario that occurs. 
(e) 
Final Redemption Option 5: One Final Barrier and a Barrier Event 
If the Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 5: One Final 
Barrier and a Barrier Event” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the 
Final Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Final Valuation Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 
; 
Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x (( [Rate Performance(i)] [Spread 
Performance(i)] 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 and a 
Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
FinalCoupon_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x ([Rate Performance(i)] [Spread 
Performance(i)] 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) 
– 
FinalStrike_2))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] is [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] FinalBarrier_1 and a 
Final Barrier Event [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_3 
+ 
FinalCoupon_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3 
; 
Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x (( [Rate Performance(i)] [Spread 
Performance(i)] 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_3) 
– 
FinalStrike_3))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Final_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
Final Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on the 
Redemption Date a Final Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation 
Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 3 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on the value of the 
relevant Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference Spread) compared to a 
FinalBarrier. If the value of this Reference Benchmark Rate (or Reference 
Spread) does not meet the condition relative to the Final Barrier in the first 
scenario, the determination of which scenario is applicable (either the second 
or the third) depends on whether the pre-defined Final Barrier Event occurs. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a predetermined value, which may include an additional predetermined fixed 
value. This can be increased by the value of an applicable Reference 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Spread, which may be subject to a floor and/or 
cap and/or Leverage Factor and /or a pre-determined Adjustment Factor. This 
amount may also be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
previously be the product. Each of these components can vary according to 
the scenario that occurs. 
(f) 
Final Redemption Option 6: Two Barrier Events 
If the Final Redemption Type is specified as “Final Redemption Option 6: Two Barrier 
Events” in the Final Terms, then unless previously redeemed, the Final Redemption 
Amount paid on the Maturity Date, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Final Valuation Date in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 393 ---
393 
 
 
(i) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if Final Barrier Event_1 [has] [has not] occurred, 
then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_1 
+ 
FinalCoupon_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 
; 
Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x (( [Rate Performance(i)] [Spread 
Performance(i)] 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_1) 
– 
FinalStrike_1))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Final_1 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(ii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if Final Barrier Event_1 [has] [has not] occurred 
and Final Barrier Event_2 [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_2 
+ 
FinalCoupon_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalParticipation_2 x ([Rate Performance(i)] [Spread 
Performance(i)] 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_2) 
– 
FinalStrike_2))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Final_2 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
(iii) 
On the Final Valuation Date, if Final Barrier Event_1 [has] [has not] occurred 
and Final Barrier Event_2 [has] [has not] occurred, then: 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantRedemptionLevel_3 
+ 
FinalCoupon_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3 
; 
Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalParticipation_3 x (( [Rate Performance(i)] [Spread 
Performance(i)] 
/ 
FinalAdjustmentFactor_3) 
– 
FinalStrike_3))) 
- 
(MemoryFactor_Final_3 x SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
Final Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, the Product pays on the 
Redemption Date a Final Redemption Amount that is determined on the Final Valuation 
Date, the calculation of which depends upon which scenario occurs amongst the 3 
possible: 
o 
The occurrence of these scenarios first depends on whether the first 
pre-defined Final Barrier Event occurs or not. If the condition relating to the the 
first Final Barrier Event does not satisfy the condition for the first scenario, the 
determination of which scenario is applicable (either the second or the third) 
depends on whether the second pre-defined Final Barrier Event occurs or not. 
o 
The Final Redemption Amount for each of these scenarios is equal to 
a predetermined value, which may include an additional predetermined fixed 
value. This can be increased by the value of an applicable Reference 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Spread, which may be subject to a floor and/or 
cap and/or Leverage Factor and /or a pre-determined Adjustment Factor. This 
amount may also be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid 
previously be the product. Each of these components can vary according to 
the scenario that occurs. 
Final Barrier Event(s), where applicable, will each be defined in the Final Terms as 
one of the following: 
(i) 
[A Final Barrier Event] [Final Barrier Event_1] [Final Barrier Event_2] is 
deemed to have occurred if the [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] [has] [has not] been observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] 
[below] [the Final Barrier Event Threshold] [Final Barrier Event Threshold_1] 
[Final Barrier Event Threshold_2] [starting from and [including] [excluding] the 
First Barrier Event Valuation Date up to and [including] [excluding] the Last 
Final Barrier Event Valuation Date] [the Final Barrier Event Valuation Date(i)]. 
(ii) 
[A Final Barrier Event] [Final Barrier Event_1] [Final Barrier Event_2] is 
deemed to have occurred if the [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] [has] [has not] been observed [at or above] [above] [the High Final 
Barrier Event Threshold] [High Final Barrier Event Threshold_1] [High Final 
Barrier Event Threshold_2] [and] [or] the [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] 
[Reference Spread(T)] [has] [has not] been observed [at or above] [above] 
[Low Final Barrier Event Threshold] [Low Final Barrier Event Threshold_1] 
[Low Final Barrier Event Threshold_2] [starting from and [including] [excluding]

--- Page 394 ---
394 
 
 
the First Barrier Event Valuation Date up to and [including] [excluding] the Last 
Final Barrier Event Valuation Date] [the Final Barrier Event Valuation Date(i)]. 
(iii) 
[A Final Barrier Event] [Final Barrier Event_1] [Final Barrier Event_2] is 
deemed to have occurred if SumOfCouponsAccumulated(i) is at or above the 
Final Target Threshold on the Final Valuation Date. 
Rate Performance(“i”), where applicable, will be defined in the Final Terms as either: 
(i) 
Fixing of the Reference Benchmark Rate as of the Last Benchmark 
Performance Rate Date / Fixing of the Reference Benchmark Rate as of the 
First Benchmark Performance Rate Date - 100% 
Or 
(ii) 
Fixing of the Reference Benchmark Rate as of the Last Benchmark 
Performance Rate Date minus Reference Benchmark Rate Strike Value 
Spread Performance(“i”), where applicable, will be defined in the Final Terms as 
either: 
(iii) 
Fixing of the Reference Benchmark Rate as of the Last Spread Performance 
Date / Fixing of the Reference Benchmark Rate as of the First Spread 
Performance Date - 100% 
Or 
(iv) 
Fixing of the Reference Benchmark Rate as of the Last Spread Performance 
Date minus the Spread Strike Value 
17.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If “Redemption at the Option of the Issuer” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (the details of which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Issuer may, in 
accordance with the Issuer Option Notice Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
redeem all on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Products shall be at 
their Optional Redemption Amount. 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Amount 
If, at the option of the Issuer, the Products may be redeemed on Optional Redemption 
Date(i) and the Optional Redemption Amount shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(i) 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
{ 
ConstantOptionalRedemptionLevel(i) 
+ 
OptionlRedemptionCoupon(i) 
+ 
(LinearOptionalRedemptionCoupon x i) - (MemoryFactor_OptionalRedemption x 
SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1)) }  
Optional Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, if at the option of 
the Issuer the Products are redeemed on the Optional Redemption Date(i) and will pay 
an Optional Redemption Amount. This Optional Redemption Amount is equal to a 
predetermined value that may be increased by an additional predetermined value 
and/or an amount that has accumulated according to the number of periods elapsed. 
This amount may also be decreased by the sum of Coupon Amounts paid previously 
by the Product.  
17.5 
Redemption at the Option of the Product Holder 
If “Redemption at the Option of the Product Holder” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms (the details of which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Product 
Holder may, in accordance with the Product Holder Option Notice Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, redeem the Products on any Puttable Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption of Products shall be at their Puttable Redemption Amount. If the applicable 
Products are Notes, the relevant Notes may not be redeemed at the option of of the Product 
Holder. 
(a) 
Puttable Redemption Amount

--- Page 395 ---
395 
 
 
If, at the option of the Product Holder, the Products may be redeemed on Puttable 
Redemption Date(i) and the Puttable Redemption Amount shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Puttable 
Redemption 
Amount(i) 
= 
Calculation 
Amount 
x 
ConstantPuttableRedemptionLevel(i)  
Puttable Redemption Description: Unless previously redeemed, if at the option of 
the Product Holder the products are redeemed on the Puttable Redemption Date(i) and 
will pay an Puttablle Redemption Amount. This Puttablle Redemption Amount  is equal 
to a predetermined value 
17.6 
Variable Data 
When applicable, the following Variable Data shall be specified when relevant in the applicable 
Final Terms. These Variable Data may be an amount, a percentage, the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product.  
Where relevant, in accordance with the Simplification Convention, these values may be defined 
and specified in the applicable Final Terms by replacing their values in the relevant Product 
Formulae. Likewise, , in accordance with the Simplification Convention, the value of the 
Variable Data does not need to be specified in the Final Terms or the applicable Product 
Formulae if its value has no impact or relevance to the solved value of the applicable formula.  
Furthermore, Variable Data schedule reference items that may be added to the Variable Data 
as a suffix in brackets in connect to product formulas, including “i”, “d” or “T”, may be substituted 
with other values if necessary to match the required defined schedule in the Final Terms. For 
example, “i” may be substituted for the numeric value relating to one specific period (e.g. 
Coupon(i) can be Coupon(2) in the applicable product formula). Alternatively, the items may be 
substituted if multiple schedules are required in the same product (e.g. Coupon(i) can be 
substituted by Coupon(m) if this is related to Valuation Date(m)). Such schedules will be defined 
in the Final Terms. 
AccrualThreshold refers to what is defined for " AccrualThreshold[_1/2/3]". This may be 
defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
AccrualThreshold[_1/2/3] refers to a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the Coupon 
Amount(s). 
Autocall Barrier means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Autocall Event. 
AutocallCoupon means the fixed or conditional payment paid upon an Early Automatic 
Redemption of the Products. This amount can be adjusted according to other elements in the 
applicable Product Formulas. 
Autocall Target Threshold means a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Autocall Event. 
ConstantAutocallRedemptionLevel means a constant amount, percentage or level that are 
applicable in the Product Formula used to determine the Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
ConstantOptionalRedemptionLevel means a constant amount, percentage or level that are 
applicable in the Product Formula used to determine the Optional Redemption Amount. 
ConstantPuttableRedemptionLevel means a constant amount, percentage or level that are 
applicable in the Product Formula used to determine the Optional Redemption Amount. 
ConstantRedemptionLevel refers to what is defined for "ConstantRedemptionLevel[_1/2]”.  
ConstantRedemptionLevel [_1/2] means a constant amount, percentage or level that are 
applicable in the Product Formula used to determine the Final Redemption Amount. 
Coupon Barrier means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the Coupon Amount(s) or the 
occurrence of an Event. 
Coupon Cap refers to what is defined for "CouponCap[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be defined for each 
applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary.

--- Page 396 ---
396 
 
 
Coupon Cap[_1/2/3/4] refers to the Averageimum level or percentage or amount that can be 
reached by the component of a Product Formula relating to the Coupon Amount to which it is 
applied. 
Coupon Floor refers to what is defined for "CouponFloor[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be defined for 
each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
Coupon Floor[_1/2/3/4] refers to the Minimum level or percentage or amount that can be 
realised by the component of a Product Formula relating to the Coupon Amount to which it is 
applied. 
Coupon Leverage refers to what is defined for "CouponLeverage[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be 
defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
Coupon Leverage[_1/2/3/4] means the multiplicative factor applied to one or several 
component(s) of a Product Formula in order to either increase or decrease the exposure to 
these component(s) of a Product Formula relating to the Coupon Amount to which it is applied. 
Coupon Spread refers to what is defined for "CouponStrike[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be defined for 
each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
Coupon Spread[_1/2/3/4] means the amount, value or percentage to be added to the relevant 
fixing, level, performance, rate or value 
Coupon Rate refers to what is defined for "Coupon[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be defined for each 
applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
Coupon Rate[_1/2/3/4] means the fixed or conditional payment paid periodically or upon an 
Early Automatic Redemption or Final Redemption of the Products. This amount can be adjusted 
according to other elements in the applicable Product Formulas. 
Coupon Threshold means a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the Coupon Amount(s) 
or the occurrence of an Event. 
DayCountFraction means the Day Count Fraction defined where applicable for the calculation 
of the Coupon Amount. 
FinalAdjustmentFactor refers to what is defined for "FinalAdjustmentFactor[_1/2/3/4]" .  
FinalAdjustmentFactor[_1/2/3/4] means the multiplicative inverse factor applied to the level, 
performance or value of the relevant Underlying(s) or components applicable to a Product 
Formula relating to the Final Redemption Amount to which it is applied. 
FinalBarrier refers to what is defined for "FinalBarrier[_1/2]”.  
FinalBarrier[_1/2] means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the Final Redemption 
Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
Final Barrier Event Threshold refers to what is defined for "Final Barrier Event 
Threshold[_1/2]”.  
Final Barrier Event Threshold[_1/2] means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the Final 
Redemption Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
FinalCoupon refers to what is defined for "FinalCoupon[_1/2/3].  
FinalCoupon[_1/2/3] means the fixed or conditional payment paid upon the Final Redemption 
Amount of the Products. This amount can be adjusted according to other elements in the 
applicable Product Formulas. 
FinalCap refers to what is defined for "FinalCap[_1/2/3]" .  
FinalCap[_1/2/3] refers to the Averageimum level or percentage or amount that can be reached 
by the component of a Product Formula relating to the Final Redemption Amount to which it is 
applied. 
FinalFloor refers to what is defined for "FinalFloor[_1/2/3]" 
FinalFloor[_1/2/3] refers to the Minimum level or percentage or amount that can be realised 
by the component of a Product Formula relating to the Final Redemption Amount to which it is 
applied. 
FinalParticipation refers to what is defined for "FinalParticipation[_1/2/3]”.

--- Page 397 ---
397 
 
 
FinalParticipation[_1/2/3] means the multiplicative factor applied to one or several 
component(s) of a Product Formula in order to either increase or decrease the exposure to 
these component(s) of a Product Formula relating to the Final Redemption Amount to which it 
is applied. 
FinalStrike refers to what is defined for "FinalStrike[_1/2/3]" .  
FinalStrike[_1/2/3] refers to the amount, level, performance or value of the relevant 
Underlying(s) that (are) used to adjust the exposure and / or entry point into the participation in 
the relevant, level, performance or value of the Underlying(s) for the calculation of the Final 
Redemption Amount. 
DayCountFraction means the DayCountFraction defined where applicable for the calculation 
of the Coupon Amount. 
HighAccrualThreshold refers to what is defined for " HighAccrualThreshold[_1/2/3]". This may 
be defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
HighAccrualThreshold[_1/2/3] refers to a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the Coupon 
Amount(s). 
High Coupon Threshold means a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the Coupon 
Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
HighCouponBarrier refers to what is defined for "HighCouponBarrier[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be 
defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
HighCouponBarrier[_1/2/3/4] means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the Coupon 
Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
High Final Barrier Event Threshold refers to what is defined for "High Final Barrier Event 
Threshold[_1/2]”.  
High Final Barrier Event Threshold[_1/2] means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the 
Final Redemption Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
LinearAutocallCoupon means the conditional payment paid upon an Early Automatic 
Redemption of the Products that is a direct function of the number of periods the Product has 
observed. This amount can be adjusted according to other elements in the applicable Product 
Formulas. 
LinearCoupon refers to what is defined for "LinearCoupon[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be defined for 
each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
LinearCoupon[_1/2/3/4] means the conditional payment paid periodically or upon an Early 
Automatic Redemption or Final Redemption of the Products that is a direct function of the 
number of periods the Product has observed. This amount can be adjusted according to other 
elements in the applicable Product Formulas. 
LinearOptionalRedemptionCoupon means the conditional payment paid upon an Optional 
Redemption of the Products that is a direct function of the number of periods the Product has 
observed. This amount can be adjusted according to other elements in the applicable Product 
Formulas. 
LowAccrualThreshold refers to what is defined for " HighAccrualThreshold[_1/2/3]". This may 
be defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
LowAccrualThreshold[_1/2/3] refers to a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the Coupon 
Amount(s). 
Low Coupon Threshold means a threshold that triggers an adjustment in the Coupon 
Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
LowCouponBarrier refers to what is defined for "LowCouponBarrier[_1/2/3/4]”. This may be 
defined for each applicable valuation, observation or payment date i where necessary. 
LowCouponBarrier[_1/2/3/4] means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the Coupon 
Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
Low Final Barrier Event Threshold refers to what is defined for "Low Final Barrier Event 
Threshold[_1/2]”.

--- Page 398 ---
398 
 
 
Low Final Barrier Event Threshold[_1/2] means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the 
Final Redemption Amount(s) or the occurrence of an Event. 
Memory Barrier means a barrier that triggers an adjustment in the Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount(s) or the Final Redemption Amount or the occurrence of an Event. 
MemoryFactor_Autocall refers to the portion of previously paid Coupons that are deducted 
from the automatic early redemption amount calculation in the Product Formula relating to the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount to which it is applied. 
MemoryFactor_Coupon refers to what is defined for "MemoryFactor_Coupon[_1/2/3/4]" 
MemoryFactor_Coupon[_1/2/3/4] refers to the portion of previously paid Coupons that are 
deducted from the coupon calculation in the Product Formula relating to the Coupon Amount 
to which it is applied. 
MemoryFactor_Final refers to what is defined for "MemoryFactor_Final[_1/2/3/4]" 
MemoryFactor_Final[_1/2/3/4] refers to the portion of previously paid Coupons that are 
deducted from the final redemption amount calculation in the Product Formula relating to the 
Final Redemption Amount to which it is applied. 
MemoryFactor_OptionalRedemption refers to the portion of previously paid Coupons that 
are deducted from the optional redemption amount calculation in the Product Formula relating 
to the Optional Redemption Amount to which it is applied. 
OptionalRedemptionCoupon means the conditional payment paid upon an Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer of the Products that is a direct function of the number of periods the 
Product has observed. This amount can be adjusted according to other elements in the 
applicable Product Formulas. 
Reference Benchmark Rate: The value of the Reference Benchmark Rate defined in the Final 
Terms on the relevant observation. 
Reference Benchmark Rate Strike Value refers to the amount, level, performance or value 
of the Reference Benchmark Rate used to adjust the exposure and / or entry point into the 
participation in the relevant, level, performance or value of the Reference Benchmark Rate for 
the calculation of the Final Redemption Amount. 
Reference Spread: The value of the Reference Spread defined in the Final Terms on the 
relevant observation. 
Reference Spread Strike Value refers to the amount, level, performance or value of the 
Reference Spread used to adjust the exposure and / or entry point into the participation in the 
relevant, level, performance or value of the Reference Spread for the calculation of the Final 
Redemption Amount. 
17.7 
Schedule and Dates 
Where applicable, the following dates and periods should be defined in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Where relevant, dates and schedules in the Final Terms that are related to each other should 
be linked by a suffix in brackets (For example, “(i)”, “(d)” or “(2)”). For instance, Coupon 
Amount(i) is calculated on Coupon Valuation Date(i), which is then paid on Coupon Payment 
Date(i).  
Furthermore, the suffix may be amended to provide clarification if relevant to the understanding 
of the Product. This may include the specific “Valuation Date(i)” being precised (for example, 
to “Coupon Valuation Date(i)” or “Final Valuation Date”). Moreover, schedule reference items 
“i”, “d” or “T” may be substituted with other values if necessary or relevant. For example, “i” may 
be substituted for the numeric value relating to one specific period. Alternatively, the items may 
be substituted if multiple schedules are required in the same product. Such schedules will be 
defined in the Final Terms. 
In addition, dates and schedules may be define in the Final Terms in terms of other dates and 
schedules. For example, the Coupon Payment Date(i) may be defined as “5 business days 
after Coupon Valuation Date(i)”. Alternatively, Autocall Observation Dates(i) may be defined in 
the Final Terms as “Each Valuation Date(i) from i=2 to i=5”, where each Valuation Date(i) is 
defined elsewhere in the Final Terms.

--- Page 399 ---
399 
 
 
Likewise, the components (such as Variables and Reference Formula) may reference another 
valuation date in the same schedule. For example, “i” can be replaced with “i-1” to reference 
the value of the component on the previous valuation date rather than the current valuation 
date. 
Autocall Observation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, each date 
so specified in the Final Terms.  
Autocall Observation Period means each period specified as such in the Final Terms. 
Autocall Redemption Date means, in respect of a Autocall Observation Date or the Autocall 
Observation Period, each date specified as such in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms.  
Coupon Barrier Event Observation Period means each period specified as such in the Final 
Terms. 
Coupon Barrier Event Valuation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as 
provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment 
Provisions, each date so specified in the Final Terms.  
Coupon Switch End Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms, subject as 
provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment 
Provisions. 
Coupon Switch Start Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms, subject as 
provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment 
Provisions. 
Coupon Valuation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, each date 
so specified in the Final Terms.  
Coupon Payment Date means, in respect of a Coupon Valuation Date, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms:  
(a) 
each date specified as such in the Final Terms; or  
(b) 
The Maturity Date. 
(c) 
The earlier between the Autocall Redemption Date and the Maturity Date. 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in 
the Final Terms.  
Exchange Business Day means Underlying Trading Day 
Final Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms, subject as provided 
in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions. 
First Benchmark Performance Rate Date, means, in respect to the Reference Benchmark 
Rate, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date 
Adjustment Provisions, each date so specified in the Final Terms.  
First Coupon Barrier Event Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the Final 
Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date 
Adjustment Provisions. 
First Final Barrier Event Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms, 
subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date 
Adjustment Provisions. 
First Spread Performance Rate Date, means, in respect to the Reference Spread, subject as 
provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment 
Provisions, each date so specified in the Final Terms.  
Last Benchmark Performance Rate Date, means, in respect to the Reference Benchmark 
Rate, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date 
Adjustment Provisions, each date so specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 400 ---
400 
 
 
Last Final Barrier Event Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms, 
subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date 
Adjustment Provisions. 
Last Spread Performance Rate Date, means, in respect to the Reference Spread, subject as 
provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment 
Provisions, each date so specified in the Final Terms.  
Maturity Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms.  
Issuer Option Notice Period, means the amount of notice specified in the Final Terms, where 
applicable, that the Issuer must provide to the holders of the Products prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date to redeem the Products at the Optional Redemption Amount on the 
Optional Redemption Date. This may be expressed in the Final Terms in as a maximum and 
minimum period, a fixed period, or a specific date, which in the event that the Products are 
cleared by Euroclear, the period shall be of a minimum of 5 Businesss Days. 
Observation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, each date so 
specified in the Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption Date means, in respect of a Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, 
each date specified as such in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms.  
Puttable Redemption Date means, in respect of a Redemption at the Option of the Product 
Holder, each date specified as such in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms. If the applicable 
Products are Notes, the relevant Notes may not be redeemed at the option of of the Product 
Holder. 
Payment Date means, in respect of an Observation Date or Valuation Date, each date 
specified as such in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable 
Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms.  
Product Holder Option Notice Period means the amount of notice specified in the Final 
Terms, where applicable, that the holders of the Products must provide the Issuer prior to the 
relevant Puttable Redemption Date to redeem the Products at the Puttable Redemption Amount 
on the Puttable Redemption Date. This may be expressed in the Final Terms in as a maximum 
and minimum period, a fixed period, or a specific date, which in the event that the Products are 
cleared by Euroclear, the period shall be of a minimum of 5 Businesss Days. 
Redemption Date means the date specified as such in the Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
in accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Final Terms.  
Reference Rate Valuation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in 
the Underlying Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, each 
date so specified in the Final Terms. 
Underlying Trading Day means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions. 
Valuation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, as well as the Valuation Date Adjustment Provisions, each date so 
specified in the Final Terms. 
17.8 
Other Definitions 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms of the relevant Products.  
Coupon Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the 
relevant Products.  
Coupon Barrier Event, where applicable, will be defined in the Final Terms as one of the 
following: 
(a) 
A Coupon Barrier Event occurs if the [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] [has] [has not] been observed [at or above] [above] [at or below] [below] the

--- Page 401 ---
401 
 
 
Coupon Threshold [starting from and [including] [excluding] the First Coupon Barrier 
Event Valuation Date up to and [including] [excluding] Coupon Valuation Date(i)] 
[starting from and [including] [excluding] the First Coupon Barrier Event Valuation Date 
up to and [including] [excluding] Reference Rate Valuation Date(i)] [starting from and 
[including] [excluding] the Coupon Valuation Date(i-1) up to and [including] [excluding] 
Coupon Valuation Date(i)] [starting from and [including] [excluding] the Reference Rate 
Valuation Date(i-1) up to and [including] [excluding] Reference Rate Valuation Date(i)] 
[during the Coupon Barrier Event Period] [on any Coupon Barrier Event Valuation Date] 
[on Coupon Valuation Date(i)] [on Reference Rate Valuation Date(i)]. 
(b) 
A Coupon Barrier Event occurs if the [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference 
Spread(T)] [has] [has not] been observed [at or above] [above] the High Coupon 
Threshold [and] [or] the [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] [has] 
[has not] been observed [at or above] [above] the Low Coupon Threshold [starting from 
and [including] [excluding] the First Coupon Barrier Event Valuation Date up to and 
[including] [excluding] Coupon Valuation Date(i)] [starting from and [including] 
[excluding] the First Coupon Barrier Event Valuation Date up to and [including] 
[excluding] Reference Rate Valuation Date(i)] [starting from and [including] [excluding] 
the Coupon Valuation Date(i-1) up to and [including] [excluding] Coupon Valuation 
Date(i)] [starting from and [including] [excluding] the Reference Rate Valuation Date(i-
1) up to and [including] [excluding] Reference Rate Valuation Date(i)] [during the 
Coupon Barrier Event Period] [on any Coupon Barrier Event Valuation Date] [on 
Coupon Valuation Date(i)] [on Reference Rate Valuation Date(i)]. 
Coupon Switch Event means the Coupon Switch Option has been activated at any time, up 
to and including, Coupon Valuation Date(i). 
Coupon Switch Option means the right, but not the obligation, the Issuer has to activate a 
Coupon Switch Event at their discretion. [This right can be exercised on the Coupon Switch 
Date.] [This right can be exercised on any Coupon Valuation Date, starting from the Coupon 
Switch Start Date.] [This right can be exercised at any time, starting from the Coupon Switch 
Start Date.] [This right can be exercised on any Coupon Valuation Date, starting from the 
Coupon Switch Start Date, up to and including the Coupon Switch End Date.] [This right can 
be exercised at any time, starting from the Coupon Switch Start Date up to and including the 
Coupon Switch End Date.] 
Coupon Type means, where applicable, the relevant coupon type defined in the programme 
and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time , 
such day count fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 402 ---
402 
 
 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction= [360 × (Y2 - Y1) + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)] / 360 
Where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls;  
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day of the Calculation Period falls;  
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and  
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period, unless 
(f) 
if the DayCountFraction is equal to "1/1", "1", “N/A”, or “Not Applicable”, it means that 
the DayCountFraction used in the applicable formula will be equal to “1”. Consequently, 
there is no reason to reference the DayCountFraction in the applicable product 
formulas specified in the Final Terms (in accordance with the Simplification 
Convention) and consequently no need to define the DayCountFraction in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
Final Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
of the relevant Products.  
Final Redemption Type means, where applicable, the relevant final redemption option defined 
in the programme and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Number Of Range Observations(i) means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange 
Business Days] [Underlying Trading Days] between [Coupon] Valuation Date(i-1) and [Coupon] 
Valuation Date(i) 
Observations In Range(i), where applicable, will be defined in the Final Terms as one of the 
following: 
(a) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] is [at or 
above] [above] [at or below] [below] the AccrualTheshold(i). 
Or  
(b) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] is [at or 
above] 
[above] 
the 
LowAccrualThreshold(i) 
and 
[at 
or 
below] 
[below] 
HighAccrualTheshold(i). 
Observations In Range_1(i), where applicable, will be defined in the Final Terms as one of 
the following: 
(a) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] is [at or 
above] [above] [at or below] [below] AccrualTheshold_1(i). 
Or

--- Page 403 ---
403 
 
 
(b) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] is [at or 
above] [above] the LowAccrualThreshold_1(i) and [at or below] [below] the 
HighAccrualThreshold_1(i). 
Observations In Range_2(i), where applicable, will be defined in the Final Terms as one of 
the following: 
(a) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] is [at or 
above] [above] [at or below] [below] AccrualTheshold_2(i). 
Or  
(b) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] is [at or 
above] [above] the LowAccrualThreshold_2(i) and [at or below] [below] the 
HighAccrualThreshold_2(i). 
Or  
(c) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] is [at or 
above] [above] the AccrualThreshold_2(i) and [at or below] [below] the 
AccrualThreshold_1(i). 
Or  
(d) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] is [at or 
above] [above] the LowAccrualThreshold_2(i) and [at or below] [below] the 
LowAccrualThreshold_1(i) and [at or below] [below] the HighAccrualThreshold_2(i) and 
[at or above] [above] the HighAccrualThreshold_1(i). 
Observations In Range_3 (i), where applicable, will be defined in the Final Terms as one of 
the following: 
(a) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] is [at or 
above] [above] [at or below] [below] AccrualTheshold_3(i). 
Or  
(b) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] is [at or 
above] [above] the LowAccrualThreshold_3(i) and [at or below] [below] the 
HighAccrualThreshold_3(i). 
Or  
(c) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] is [at or 
above] [above] the AccrualThreshold_3(i) and [at or below] [below] the 
AccrualThreshold_2(i). 
Or  
(d) 
means the number of [Fixings] [Business Days] [Exchange Business Days] [Underlying 
Trading Days] where [Reference Benchmark Rate(T)] [Reference Spread(T)] is [at or 
above] [above] the LowAccrualThreshold_3(i) and [at or below] [below] the 
LowAccrualThreshold_2(i) and [at or below] [below] the HighAccrualThreshold_3(i) and 
[at or above] [above] the HighAccrualThreshold_2(i). 
Optional Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms of the relevant Products.  
Puttable Redemption Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms of the relevant Products.

--- Page 404 ---
404 
 
 
SumOfCouponsAccumulated(i) means the sum of Coupon Amounts calculated on each 
[Coupon] Valuation Date up to and including the current Coupon Valuation Date, expressed as 
a percentage of the Calculation Amount. 
SumOfCouponsAccumulated(i-1) means the sum of Coupon Amounts calculated on each 
[Coupon] Valuation Date up to and including the previous Coupon Valuation Date, expressed 
as a percentage of the Calculation Amount. On the first Coupon Valuation Date, the 
SumOfCouponsAccumulated(i-1) will be equal to 0. 
SumOfCouponsPaid(i) means the sum of Coupon Amounts calculated on each [Coupon] 
Valuation Date up to and including the current Coupon Valuation Date, expressed as a 
percentage of the Calculation Amount.  
SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1) means the sum of Coupon Amounts calculated on each [Coupon] 
Valuation Date up to and including the previous Coupon Valuation Date, expressed as a 
percentage of the Calculation Amount. On the first Coupon Valuation Date, the 
SumOfCouponsPaid(i-1) will be equal to 0. 
17.9 
Simplification Convention 
For ease of reading, certain conditions and formulas relating to Product Formula(e) as defined 
herein may be simplified as follows: 
(a) 
Case 1: variable data can be removed if it will have no impact or does not change the 
result of the calculation, or is not applicable by implication of the value of other 
variables: 
For example, in respect of the following formula: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor(i); Min(Coupon Cap(i); 
(Coupon Leverage(i) x ([Reference Benchmark Rate(i)] [Reference Spread(i)] + 
Coupon Spread(i))))] + Coupon Rate(i)) x Day Count Fraction(i) 
If the Coupon Leverage is 100% for each period (“i”) and the Coupon Rate is 0% for 
each period (i) and is linked to a Reference Benchmark Rate, the formula can be 
simplified in the Final Terms to: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x [Max(Coupon Floor(i); Min(Coupon Cap(i); 
(Reference Benchmark Rate(i) + Coupon Spread(i)))] x Day Count Fraction(i) 
Alternatively, If the Coupon Leverage is 0% for each period (“i”) and the Coupon Rate 
is greater than 0%, the formula can be simplified in the Final Terms to: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x Coupon Rate(i) x Day Count Fraction(i) 
(b) 
Case 2: addition of Variable Data and values determined based on Reference 
Formulae when such values are known and the value is the same in each period (if the 
formula applies to multiple periods): 
For example, in respect of the following formula: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x ([Max(Coupon Floor(i); Min(Coupon Cap(i); 
(Coupon Leverage(i) x ([Reference Benchmark Rate(i)] [Reference Spread(i)] + 
Coupon Spread(i))))] + Coupon Rate(i)) x Day Count Fraction(i) 
If the Coupon Leverage is 100% for each period (“i”) and the Coupon Rate is 0% for 
each period (i) and is linked to a Reference Benchmark Rate, while the Coupon Cap is 
2.00%, Coupon Floor is 0.75% and the Coupon Spread is 0 for each period, the formula 
can be simplified in the Final Terms to: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x [Max(0.75% ; Min(2.00%; Reference 
Benchmark Rate(i))] x Day Count Fraction(i) 
Alternatively, If the Coupon Leverage is 0% for each period (“i”) and the Coupon Rate 
is 3.21% for each period, the formula can be simplified in the Final Terms to: 
Coupon Amount(i) = Calculation Amount x 3.21% x Day Count Fraction(i) 
18. 
General Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of all 
Products:

--- Page 405 ---
405 
 
 
"Autocall Provisions" means the provisions of these Payout Conditions that provide for the 
potential early redemption of Products at the Autocall Amount upon the occurrence of an 
Autocall Event and will be specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Average" means, in respect of an Underlying and either: 
(a) 
the Initial Lookback Observation Dates, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as being equal to (i) the aggregate of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all 
Initial Lookback Observation Dates for such Underlying divided by (ii) the number of 
Initial Lookback Observation Dates for such Underlying; 
(b) 
the Initial Lookback Observation Period, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
as being equal to (i) the aggregate of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Dates for such Underlying falling in the Initial 
Lookback Observation Period divided by (ii) the number of Initial Lookback Period 
Observation Dates for such Underlying falling in the Initial Lookback Observation 
Period; or 
(c) 
the Final Fixing Averaging Dates, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
being equal to (i) the aggregate of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all Final 
Fixing Averaging Dates for such Underlying divided by (ii) the number of Final Fixing 
Averaging Dates for such Underlying. 
"Conversion Ratio" means, in respect of the Delivery Underlying, either (a), (b) or (c) below 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'Conversion Ratio' is specified to be 'Specified Amount' in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as such in respect of such Underlying in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if 'Conversion Ratio' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount – Bullish Products' in the 
Final Terms, a number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with either 
paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, a 
number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Calculation Amount
Settlement Initial Level ; or 
(ii) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
൬
Calculation Amount
Settlement Initial Level × Settlement FX Rate൰; or 
(c) 
if 'Conversion Ratio' is specified to be 'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Final Terms, a number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with either 
paragraph (i) or (ii) below (as applicable): 
(i) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, a 
number determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Corresponding Redemption Amount
Settlement Fixing Level
; or 
(ii) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Corresponding Redemption Amount
Settlement Fixing Level × Settlement FX Rate 
"Conversion Ratio (Rounded)" means a number determined by the Calculation Agent as 
being equal to the Conversion Ratio rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Delivery 
Underlying. 
"Coupon Amount" means, in respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the coupon amount payable 
on such Coupon Payment Date as determined in accordance with the relevant paragraph of 
these Payout Conditions.

--- Page 406 ---
406 
 
 
"Coupon Provisions" means the provisions of these Payout Conditions that provide for the 
potential payment of Coupon Amount(s) on the relevant Coupon Payment Dates and will be 
specified as either 'Applicable' or 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Corresponding Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Product for which 'Settlement 
Type' is specified to be 'Delivery and Residual Cash Settlement' or 'Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement or Cash Settlement', an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal 
to the amount that would have been paid as the Redemption Amount for such Product if 
'Settlement Type' had been specified as 'Cash Settlement' in the Final Terms. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in the Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (a) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (b) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period 
falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(e) 
if "30/360" is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1) + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)]
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 407 ---
407 
 
 
(f) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified means, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1) + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)]
360
 
Where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"Delivery Date" means the Redemption Date, subject to the provisions of General Condition 5. 
"Delivery Underlying" means either paragraph (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if the Products are linked to one Underlying, such Underlying; or 
(b) 
if the Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: (a) each Underlying (b) the 
Worst Performing Underlying or (c) the Best Performing Underlying. 
"Entitlement" means, in respect of each Product, a number equal to the Conversion Ratio 
(Rounded) of the Delivery Underlying. The Entitlement will be determined per Product without 
first aggregating the entire holding of Products held by an Investor. 
"Final Fixing Averaging Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing Averaging 
Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day 
that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Final Fixing 
Averaging Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Final Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products which are not Tracker Products, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(i) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Final Terms, 
or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day; or

--- Page 408 ---
408 
 
 
(ii) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(A) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days' is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the 
Final Fixing Date in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Final 
Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(B) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days' is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of 
the Final Fixing Date in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Final 
Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Underlying; or  
(iii) 
in respect of Products linked to a Spread Underlying or Steepener Products, 
either: 
(A) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the 
Final Fixing Date in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final 
Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for either 
Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following day that is a 
Scheduled Trading Day for both Underlying 1 and Underlying 2; or 
(B) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled 
Trading Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the 
Final Fixing Date in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final 
Terms in respect of an Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, or if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying 1 or 
Underlying 2; or  
(b) 
in respect of Tracker Products, as defined in paragraph 8.3 of these Payout Conditions.  
"Final Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying one of the following as specified in the 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
the Level of such Underlying in respect of the Final Fixing Date; 
(b) 
the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Final Fixing Averaging Date; or 
(c) 
the Average of the Levels of such Underling in respect of all Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates. 
"Initial Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing Date in 
the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, the 
date specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following day that is a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing Date in 
the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, the 
date specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of an Underlying, or if such

--- Page 409 ---
409 
 
 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, PROVIDED THAT, in respect of 
any relevant variable that is specified in the Final Terms to be 'indicative' and 
to be determined by the Calculation Agent on the Initial Fixing Date, if the Initial 
Fixing Date falls on different dates for different Underlyings, such variable shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent by the latest of such dates; or  
(c) 
in respect of Products linked to a Spread Underlying or Steepener Products, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing Date in the 
Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each 
date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading 
Day for either Underlying 1 or Underlying 2, the next following day that is a 
Scheduled Trading Day for both Underlying 1 and Underlying 2; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Fixing Date in the 
Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific Conditions, each 
date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an Underlying 1 or Underlying 
2, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying 1 or 
Underlying 2, the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying 1 
or Underlying 2, PROVIDED THAT, in respect of any relevant variable that is 
specified in the Final Terms to be 'indicative' and to be determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Initial Fixing Date, if the Initial Fixing Date falls on 
different dates for different Underlyings, such variable shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent by the latest of such dates.  
"Initial Fixing Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of following as specified in the 
Final Terms (and, if the amount determined in accordance with either (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), 
(g) or (h) (as applicable) is known at the time of producing the Final Terms, such amount shall 
also be specified in the Final Terms): 
(a) 
the Level of such Underlying in respect of the Initial Fixing Date; or 
(b) 
the Level of such Underlying in respect of the Underlying Initial Fixing Date; or 
(c) 
the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date; 
(d) 
the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Period 
Observation Date falling in the Initial Lookback Observation Period; 
(e) 
the highest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date; 
(f) 
the highest Level of such Underlying in respect of each Initial Lookback Period 
Observation Date falling in the Initial Lookback Observation Period; 
(g) 
the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of all Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates; or 
(h) 
the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in respect of the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period, 
PROVIDED THAT each reference to 'Level' in respect of an Underlying in this definition of Initial 
Fixing Level shall be deemed to refer to the specific type of Level specified in the Final Terms 
for such Underlying in respect of the Initial Fixing Level. 
"Initial Lookback Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following 
(as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Lookback

--- Page 410 ---
410 
 
 
Observation Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms, or if such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next 
following day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; 
or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Initial Lookback 
Observation Date(s) in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying 
Specific Conditions, each date so specified in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Initial Lookback Observation Period" means, in respect of an Underlying, the period 
specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Lookback Period Observation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, each 
Underlying Trading Day falling in the relevant Initial Lookback Observation Period. 
"Level" has the meaning given to such term in the Underlying Specific Conditions. 
"Max" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the greater of the 
amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Min" followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, means whichever is the lesser of the 
amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
"Payout Style" means, in respect of the Products, one of the following as specified in the Final 
Terms: 'Yield Enhancement Products', 'Twin Win Products', 'Fixed Redemption Products', 
'Protection Products', 'Bonus Products', 'Reverse Convertible', 'Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products', 'Dual Currency Product', 'Tracker Product', 'Discount Product', 'Leverage Product', 
'Outperformance Product', 'Long/Short Product', 'Dispersion Product', 'Steepener Product', 
‘Flexible Barrier Product’ or ‘Rate Linked Product’. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Settlement FX Rate, the price source, providing the 
relevant price of the Settlement FX Rate for the Products, specified as such in the Final Terms.  
"Redemption Amount" means, in respect of a Product, the amount payable on the 
Redemption Date as determined in accordance with the relevant sub-paragraph of these 
Payout Conditions that is applicable to the Product. 
"Redemption Date" means one of the following (as applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products which are not Tracker Products, one of the following as specified 
in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
the date specified as such in the Final Terms (subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the applicable Business Day Convention specified in the Final 
Terms, the next following Business Day); or 
(ii) 
the number of Business Days following either (A) the Final Fixing Date or (B) 
the later of (I) the Final Fixing Date and (II) the Settlement FX Fixing Date, as 
specified in the Final Terms and in each case, if the Final Fixing Dates and/or 
Settlement FX Dates fall on different dates for different Underlyings, the 
number of Business Days following the latest of such dates to occur; or 
(b) 
in respect of Tracker Products, as defined in paragraph 8.3 of these Payout Conditions. 
"Residual Cash Amount" means, in respect the Delivery Underlying, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance (a) or (b) below (as applicable): 
(a) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Not Applicable' in the Final Terms, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Residual Fraction × Settlement Fixing Level 
(b) 
if 'FX Conversion' is specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms, a number 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Residual Fraction × (Settlement Fixing Level × Settlement FX Rate)

--- Page 411 ---
411 
 
 
"Residual Fraction" means, in respect of a Product and the Delivery Underlying, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the Conversion Ratio minus the 
Conversion Ratio (Rounded). 
"Settlement Fixing Level" means the Final Fixing Level of the Delivery Underlying. 
"Settlement FX Exchange Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Settlement FX Rate, 
the time specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Settlement FX Fixing Date" means the Final Fixing Date in respect of the Delivery Underlying, 
provided that the Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions will apply to such date as if such 
date was an Underlying Valuation Date.  
"Settlement FX Rate" means, in respect of the Delivery Underlying and a Settlement FX Fixing 
Date, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Settlement Currency (or 
fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the Underlying Currency which appears on the Price 
Source at approximately the Settlement FX Exchange Rate Valuation Time, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED THAT if the Underlying Currency is the same as the 
Settlement Currency the Settlement FX Rate in respect of such Underlying shall be deemed to 
be 1 (one). 
"Settlement Initial Level" means, in respect of the Delivery Underlying, either (a) the Initial 
Fixing Level or (b) the Strike Level, as specified in the Final Terms.  
"Strike Level" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of following as specified in the Final 
Terms (and, if the amount determined in accordance with either (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) or 
(h) (as applicable) is known at the time of producing the Final Terms, such amount shall also 
be specified in the Final Terms): 
(a) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Initial Fixing Level of such Underlying and if 
such percentage is specified to be indicative, such percentage as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its discretion, taking into account prevailing market conditions, on 
the Initial Fixing Date, subject to the minimum percentage and, if applicable, the 
maximum percentage specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Level of such Underlying in respect of the 
Underlying Initial Fixing Date; or 
(c) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect 
of each Initial Lookback Observation Date; 
(d) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the lowest Level of such Underlying in respect 
of each Initial Lookback Period Observation Date falling in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period; or 
(e) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the highest Level of such Underlying in respect 
of each Initial Lookback Observation Date; or 
(f) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the highest Level of such Underlying in respect 
of each Initial Lookback Period Observation Date falling in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period; or 
(g) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in 
respect of all Initial Lookback Observation Dates; or 
(h) 
an amount equal to the percentage of the Average of the Levels of such Underlying in 
respect of the Initial Lookback Observation Period, 
PROVIDED THAT each reference to 'Level' in respect of an Underlying in this definition of Strike 
Level shall be deemed to refer to the specific type of Level specified in the Final Terms for such 
Underlying in respect of the Strike Level AND PROVIDED THAT if 'Predetermined Strike Level' 
is specified to be 'Applicable' in respect of the Strike Level in the Final Terms, notwithstanding 
that the Strike Level is expressed as a percentage of the Initial Fixing Level in the Final Terms, 
the Strike Level was determined on a date prior to the date on which the Initial Fixing Level is 
determined. 
"Tracker Products" means each Product in respect of which the Payout Style is specified to 
be 'Tracker Product' in the Final Terms.

--- Page 412 ---
412 
 
 
"Underlying Currency" means, in respect of an Underlying, the currency specified as such in 
the Final Terms. 
"Underlying Initial Fixing Date" means, in respect of an Underlying, one of the following (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
in respect of Products linked to a single Underlying, subject as provided in the 
Underlying Specific Conditions, the date specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in respect of Products linked to a basket of Underlyings, either: 
(i) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, the date specified as such in the Final Terms, or if such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket, the next following 
day that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Underlyings in the basket; or 
(ii) 
where 'Underlying Valuation Dates - Adjustments for Scheduled Trading Days' 
is specified to be 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date in the Final Terms, subject as provided in the Underlying Specific 
Conditions, the date specified as such in the Final Terms in respect of an 
Underlying, or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Underlying, as specified in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions.

--- Page 413 ---
413 
 
 
UNDERLYING SPECIFIC CONDITIONS 
SHARE LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Share Linked Conditions shall apply to Share Linked Products in 
respect of each Underlying which is a Share. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Share and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Share (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision 
shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply 
to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Share on 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Share in accordance with 
General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with 
paragraph 1.1(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled 
Trading Day following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates - Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be

--- Page 414 ---
414 
 
 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.2(a) above(or 
if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates - Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates  
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Shares in the basket (each such Share 
an "Affected Share" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Share in the basket that is not an Affected Share, the relevant Level 
shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate 
of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances 
prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the 
determined level of such Affected Share(s) in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Share may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in 
respect of such Affected Share or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled 
Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred in relation 
to a Share, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has 
a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such Share and, if so, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to): 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect; and  
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such 
adjustments shall be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may (but need not) perform the appropriate 
adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by the Related Exchange(s); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in (a) above (or in 
paragraph 2.3) would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by

--- Page 415 ---
415 
 
 
giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice 
in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall 
redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product 
held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The 
termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General 
Condition 17 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred 
in respect of a Share, the following will apply: 
(a) 
(i) 
in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Merger 
Date or Tender Offer Date (or such other date as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant), the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment 
to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account 
for the economic effect on the Products of such Merger Event or Tender Offer 
(including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, 
stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Share), which may, but need not, be 
determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger 
Event or Tender Offer by the Related Exchange(s) to options on the Share 
traded thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, on or after the date of 
the occurrence of the Nationalisation, Insolvency and/or Delisting, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may 
(A) make such adjustment to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of 
the relevant event, (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Share), which 
may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in 
respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting by the Related 
Exchange(s) to options on the Share traded thereon and (B) determine the 
effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described 
in paragraph (a) above (or in paragraph 2.3) would be possible or would achieve a 
commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer 
shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) 
Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), 
in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each 
Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices).  
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an 
adjustment (as described in Share Linked Condition 2.1 or 2.2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Share Linked 
Conditions in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) 
be entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement, as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket

--- Page 416 ---
416 
 
 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Share Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect 
of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Share). Upon making any such 
adjustment, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and 
giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was made, 
provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant 
event or any action taken; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the 
next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in 
respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, 
which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, 
and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and 
the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Share 
Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Share: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law, 
a Hedging Disruption, an Insolvency Filing, a Failure to Deliver and/or a Reduced Number of 
Shares, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms.  
"Basket Component" means each Share composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority

--- Page 417 ---
417 
 
 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to 
hold, acquire or dispose of a Share, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased 
cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due to 
any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Share Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, the official closing price of 
such Share on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Share Linked Conditions. 
"Delisting" means, in respect of a Share, that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant 
to the rules of such Exchange, the Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in 
the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in 
any Member State of the European Union). 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant 
Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session 
or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Share, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to such Share or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for 
the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business 
Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, the exchange or the quotation system as specified 
in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Share has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable discretion that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation 
system as on the original exchange or quotation system).  
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, such Share on 
the Exchange, or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation, an Insolvency 
or a Delisting. 
"Failure to Deliver" means, in respect of a Share, the failure of the Share Issuer to deliver, 
when due, the relevant Shares, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market 
for such Shares. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the 
risk of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products.

--- Page 418 ---
418 
 
 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Share in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in 
part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the 
Shares. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Share, that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any analogous proceeding 
affecting a Share Issuer (a) all the Shares of such Share Issuer are required to be transferred 
to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the Shares of such Share Issuer 
become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means, in respect of a Share, that the Share Issuer institutes or has 
instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its principal or registered office, or it consents to a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to 
such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not 
consented to by the Share Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant time on any relevant day, the 
price at which such Share trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Share and any relevant day, one of the following as specified in 
the Final Terms in respect of such Share and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Share Price; 
(b) 
Opening Share Price;  
(c) 
Intraday Price; or  
(d) 
Volume Weighted Average Price.  
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) 
an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent regards as material, at any 
time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (c) an Early Closure, 
or (d) an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.  
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such 
Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of a Share, any (a) reclassification or change of such Share 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange of the Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Share Issuer is 
the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares 
outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), 
or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or

--- Page 419 ---
419 
 
 
its affiliates with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results 
in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger") in each case if the 
Merger Date is on or before the Final Fixing Date or, if and to the extent the applicable Final 
Terms provide for settlement by delivery, the Delivery Date. 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Share, that all the Shares of a Share Issuer or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of such Share Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
"Opening Share Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, the official opening share 
price of such Share on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent subject as provided in the Share Linked Conditions.  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Shares (unless resulting 
in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing 
holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such 
Shares or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or a share in the proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares or (iii) share capital or 
other securities of another share issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the 
Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (iv) any other type 
of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;  
(c) 
an amount per Share which the Calculation Agent determines should be characterised 
as an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its affiliates of relevant Shares whether out 
of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise;  
(f) 
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the 
capital stock of the Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or similar 
arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock 
rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted 
upon any exercise of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
"Reduced Number of Shares" means that at any time following an Extraordinary Event there 
remain a number of Shares of the Share Issuer less than the Relevant Number of Shares for 
the purposes of determining the redemption of the Products in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such 
Share. 
"Relevant Number of Shares" means the number of Shares of the Share Issuer as specified 
in the Final Terms.

--- Page 420 ---
420 
 
 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Share, a price for such Share, as 
determined and published by the Exchange, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Share, and in respect of an Exchange or 
Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours 
or any other trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which each Exchange 
and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular 
trading sessions.  
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Final Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Share" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Share Linked Conditions, each 
share specified as such in the Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Share Issuer" means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Share, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, 
more than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the 
Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon filings made to 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in 
the amount of the applicable percentage threshold (which shall be more than 10 per cent. and 
less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer) are actually 
purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to such Share on such Exchange or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, an Exchange Business Day for such 
Share. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Share, in each case, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Share Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Share, the time at which the official closing price of 
such Share is calculated on and published by the Exchange. If the Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, on any day in respect of a Share, an amount equal 
to the volume weighted average price for such Share as displayed on the Exchange as of the 
Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided 
in the Share Linked Conditions.

--- Page 421 ---
421 
 
 
PARTICIPATION CERTIFICATE (GENUSSSCHEINE) LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions shall apply to 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Products in respect of each Underlying which is a 
Participation Certificate. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Participation Certificate and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Participation Certificate (and if the Final Terms specify 
that this provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this 
condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation 
Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the 
Participation Certificate on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its 
reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such 
day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the 
Participation Certificate in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event

--- Page 422 ---
422 
 
 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above (or if 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Participation Certificates in the basket 
(each such Participation Certificates an "Affected Participation Certificate" in respect 
of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Participation Certificates in the basket that is not an Affected 
Participation Certificate, the relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the 
definition of Level on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Participation Certificate, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine its estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account 
the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
shall publish the determined level of such Affected Participation Certificate(s) in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Participation Certificate may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Affected Participation Certificate or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day). 
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred in relation 
to a Participation Certificate, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such 
Participation Certificate and if so, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged 
to): 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect; and 
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such 
adjustments shall be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may (but need not) perform the appropriate 
adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by the Related Exchange(s); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above (or in paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially

--- Page 423 ---
423 
 
 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), in which case 
the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect 
of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred in respect of a 
Participation Certificate, the following will apply: 
(a) 
(i) 
in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Merger 
Date or Tender Offer Date (or such other date as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant), the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment 
to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account 
for the economic effect on the Products of such Merger Event or Tender Offer 
(including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, 
stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Participation Certificate), which may, 
but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect 
of such Merger Event or Tender Offer by the Related Exchange(s) to options 
on the Participation Certificate traded thereon and (B) determine the effective 
date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, on or after the date of 
the occurrence of the Nationalisation, Insolvency and/or Delisting, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may 
(A) make such adjustment to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of 
the relevant event, (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Participation 
Certificate), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the 
adjustment(s) made in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting by 
the Related Exchange(s) to options on the Participation Certificate traded 
thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above (or in paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), in which case 
the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect 
of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an 
adjustment (as described in Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Condition 2.1 or 
2.2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments 
pursuant to such Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions in relation to each 
such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged to, 
either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket

--- Page 424 ---
424 
 
 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving 
brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that 
any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action 
taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Participation Certificate); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the 
next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in 
respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, 
which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, 
and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and 
the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following tserms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Products and each Underlying which is a 
Participation Certificate: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law, 
a Hedging Disruption and/or an Insolvency Filing, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in 
the Final Terms. 
"Basket Component" means each Participation Certificate composed within a basket of 
Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the

--- Page 425 ---
425 
 
 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to 
hold, acquire or dispose of a Participation Certificate, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of a Participation Certificate, the official closing 
price of such Participation Certificate on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant 
day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Participation Certificate 
(Genussscheine) Linked Conditions. 
"Delisting" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that the relevant Exchange 
announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Participation Certificate ceases (or 
will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a 
Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an 
exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the 
Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union). 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its 
regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the closure on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to such Participation Certificate or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to 
be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the exchange or the quotation 
system as specified in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Participation Certificate 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable 
discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Participation Certificate on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation 
system). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during 
their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any event (other than 
an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, such 
Participation Certificate on the Exchange, or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, futures or options contracts relating to such Participation Certificate on any relevant 
Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event" means a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation, an Insolvency 
or a Delisting. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the 
risk of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products.

--- Page 426 ---
426 
 
 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Participation Certificate in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery 
obligations (in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the 
insufficient liquidity of the Participation Certificates. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any analogous 
proceeding affecting the Participation Certificate Issuer (a) all the shares of such Participation 
Certificate Issuer are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or 
(b) holders of shares of such Participation Certificate Issuer become legally prohibited from 
transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that the Participation 
Certificate Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or similar official 
with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its principal or registered office, or it consents 
to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or 
it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by 
creditors and not consented to by the Participation Certificate Issuer shall not be deemed an 
Insolvency Filing. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate and any relevant time on any 
relevant day, the price at which such Participation Certificate trades on the relevant Exchange 
at such time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate and any relevant day, one of the 
following as specified in the Final Terms in respect of such Participation Certificate and such 
day: 
(a) 
Closing Price; 
(b) 
Opening Price; 
(c) 
Intraday Price; or 
(d) 
Volume Weighted Average Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the occurrence or 
existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent regards as material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the 
relevant Valuation Time, (c) an Early Closure, or (d) an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such 
Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any (a) reclassification or 
change of any share of the Participation Certificate Issuer that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer 
outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
exchange of the shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer with or into another entity or 
person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which 
such Participation Certificate Issuer is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all such shares outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer,

--- Page 427 ---
427 
 
 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or 
otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such shares (other than 
such shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (d) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Participation Certificate Issuer or its 
affiliates with or into another entity in which the Participation Certificate Issuer is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such shares outstanding 
but results in the outstanding shares (other than shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding shares immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger") in each case if the 
Merger Date is on or before the Final Fixing Date or, if and to the extent the applicable Final 
Terms provide for settlement by delivery, the Delivery Date. 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, that all the shares of the 
Participation Certificate Issuer or all the assets or substantially all the assets of such 
Participation Certificate Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be 
transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of a Participation Certificate, the official opening 
price of such Participation Certificate on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Conditions. 
"Participation Certificate (Genussscheine)" or "Participation Certificate" means, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked Conditions, 
each participation certificate (Genussscheine) specified as such in the Final Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Participation Certificate Issuer" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the issuer of 
such Participation Certificate. 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant shares of the participation 
Ssare Issuer (unless resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of 
any such shares of the preference share Issuer to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Participation 
Certificates and/or shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer ("Ordinary Shares") of 
(i) such Participation Certificate and/or Ordinary Shares or (ii) other share capital or 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or a share in the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Participation Certificate Issuer equally or proportionately or (iii) share 
capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by 
the Participation Certificate Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, 
or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an amount per share which the Calculation Agent determines should be characterised 
as an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Participation Certificate Issuer in respect of relevant shares that are not 
fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the respective Participation Certificate Issuer or any of its affiliates of 
relevant shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of the Participation Certificate Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder 
rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other 
shares of the capital stock of the Participation Certificate Issuer pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or similar arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, 
warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result 
of such an event shall be readjusted upon any exercise of such rights;

--- Page 428 ---
428 
 
 
(g) 
an amendment or adjustment of the conditions of the Participation Certificate; or 
(h) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Participation Certificates. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, each exchange or 
quotation system, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such Participation Certificate. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, a price for such 
Participation Certificate, as determined and published by the Exchange, which is relevant for 
the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, an Exchange or 
Related Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours 
or any other trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Final Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, a takeover offer, tender offer, 
exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such 
entity or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion 
or other means, more than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting 
shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based 
upon filings made to governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in 
the amount of the applicable percentage threshold (which shall be more than 10 per cent. and 
less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Participation Certificate Issuer) 
are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, any suspension of or 
limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to such Participation Certificate on such 
Exchange or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Participation Certificate on any 
relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, an Exchange 
Business Day for such Participation Certificate. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Participation Certificate, in each 
case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Participation Certificate, the time at which the official 
closing price of such Participation Certificate is calculated on and published by the Exchange. 
If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the 
actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual 
closing time. 
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, on any day in respect of a Participation Certificate, 
an amount equal to the volume weighted average price for such Participation Certificate as

--- Page 429 ---
429 
 
 
displayed on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) Linked 
Conditions.

--- Page 430 ---
430 
 
 
INDEX LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Index Linked Conditions shall apply to Index Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is an Index. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Index and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Index (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision 
shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply 
to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Index on 
that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Index in accordance with 
General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days

--- Page 431 ---
431 
 
 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above (or if 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Indices in the basket (each such Index an 
"Affected Index" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Index in the basket that is not an Affected Index, the relevant Level 
shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of 
the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances 
prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the 
determined level of such Affected Index(ices) in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Index may be postponed until 
the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence in 
respect of such Affected Index or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the Scheduled 
Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above (or if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Successor Index Sponsor, Successor Index and Index Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Successor Index Sponsor and Successor Index 
(a) 
If an Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor to the Index Sponsor (a "Successor Index Sponsor") 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for, 
and method of, calculation as used in the calculation of such Index, then in each case 
that index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
If either of the events described in paragraph (a) above have occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be 
appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, settlement, 
payment terms or any other terms of the Products to account for such Successor Index. 
Upon making any such adjustment the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice 
to the Investors, giving details of the adjustment, in accordance with General Condition 
17 (Notices). 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (b) 
above (or in paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), in which case 
the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect

--- Page 432 ---
432 
 
 
of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
2.2 
Index Adjustment Events 
(a) 
If, in respect of an Index, the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Adjustment 
Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material 
effect on the Products and, if so, shall calculate the relevant amount using, in lieu of a 
published level for the Index, the level for the Index as at the relevant date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the Index last in effect prior to that change, failure or cancellation, but using 
only those securities that comprised the Index immediately prior to that event and shall 
notify the Investors thereof (in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices)). None 
of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or the Paying Agent shall have any responsibility 
in respect of any error or omission or subsequent correction made in the calculation or 
publication of an index, whether caused by negligence or otherwise. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above (or in paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), in which case 
the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect 
of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an 
adjustment (as described in Index Linked Condition 2.1 or 2.2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Index Linked Conditions 
in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, 
but not obliged to either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Index Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect 
of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken.

--- Page 433 ---
433 
 
 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Levels 
In the event that a Relevant Level is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected 
Level") is published by the Index Sponsor on or before the Business Day prior to the next date 
on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of 
which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in 
each case, would require the Relevant Level, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in 
connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Level, and, to the extent 
necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products 
to account for such Corrected Level. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its 
first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
5. 
Proprietary Index Provisions 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that the relevant Index is a Proprietary Index, the following 
terms shall apply and Index Linked Condition 2.2 (Index Adjustment Events) shall not apply to 
such Index. 
If, in respect of a Proprietary Index, the Calculation Agent determines that (a) the relevant Index 
Sponsor or Successor Index Sponsor, if applicable, permanently cancels such Proprietary 
Index and no Successor Index exists as at the date of such cancellation (an "Index 
Cancellation"), or (b) the Issuer has ceased to be the Index Sponsor of the Index and has 
generally exited or has ceased to engage in the business of being the index sponsor for 
proprietary strategies and indices similar to such Proprietary Index (an "Index Sponsor Exit 
Event") upon the Calculation Agent giving notice to Investors in accordance with General 
Condition 17 (Notices), the Issuer shall (or, in respect of an Index Sponsor Exit Event, may (but 
is not obliged to)) redeem the Index Linked Products in whole but not in part, each Index Linked 
Product being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount of such Index Linked Product, as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Investors in accordance with General 
Condition 17 (Notices). 
No Products linked to a Proprietary index will be issued hereunder until such time as the Issuer 
(or any legal entity belonging to the same group as the Issuer) is included on the ESMA 
Register. 
6. 
Definitions 
The following terms and conditions shall have the following meanings in respect of Index Linked 
Products and each Underlying which is an Index: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Basket Component" means each Index composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority

--- Page 434 ---
434 
 
 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to 
hold, acquire or dispose of the components contained an Index, (ii) the use of an Index or one 
of the components contained in an Index has become illegal, or (iii) the Hedging Entity will incur 
a materially increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Closing Index Level" means, on any day in respect of an Index, the official closing level of 
such Index as of the Valuation Time on or in respect of the relevant day as calculated and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent 
subject as provided in the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the 
Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index, (b) a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (c) on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of an Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level 
of the relevant Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, unless 
such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least 
one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution 
at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of an Index, any exchange or quotation system, any successor 
to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the components contained in such Index has relocated or temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable discretion that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the components underlying such Index on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Delivery Settlement Price" or "EDSP" means, in respect of an Index and any 
relevant time on any relevant day, the official exchange delivery settlement price of such Index 
at such time on or in respect of such day, as published by the Index Sponsor and as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of an Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values on, any relevant 
Exchange for securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Index, or (b) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Hedging Disruption" means  
(a) in respect of an Index other than any Proprietary Index, that the Hedging Entity is unable, 
after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary to hedge the risk of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from 
the Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s); 
and 
(b) in respect of a Proprietary Index, the meaning given such term in the relevant Index Rules. 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of their affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products.

--- Page 435 ---
435 
 
 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Index (or components thereof) in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery 
obligations (in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the 
insufficient liquidity of the Index or its components. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to an adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked 
Conditions, each index specified as such in the Final Terms and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
"Index Adjustment Event" means (a) for any Index other than Proprietary Index, each of an 
Index Cancellation, an Index Disruption or an Index Modification and (b). 
"Index Cancellation" means, in respect of an Index, on or before any Underlying Valuation 
Date the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Spons and (b) in respect of 
Proprietary Indices, each of an Index Cancellation and an Index Sponsor Exit Event.or 
permanently cancels the Index or the Index may no longer be used as a consequence of new 
regulatory provisions and no Successor Index exists. 
"Index Disruption" means, in respect of an Index, on any Underlying Valuation Date the Index 
Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the 
level of the Index. 
"Index Modification" means, in respect of an Index, on or before any Underlying Valuation 
Date the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor announces that it will 
make a material change in the formula for or method of calculating that Index or in any other 
way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or 
method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent securities and capitalisation 
and other routine events). 
“Index Rules” means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, the index rules setting out the rules, 
methodology and other information applicable to such Proprietary Index, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time, a copy of which may be provided to an Investor by the 
Calculation Agent upon request by such Investor and/or made available on the website 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Index Sponsor" means, (a) for any Index other than a Proprietary Index, the entity specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, and, if not specified, the corporation or other entity that, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and 
procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Index, and 
(ii) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis during 
each Scheduled Trading Day; and (b) for a Proprietary Index, the Issuer. 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant time on any relevant day, the 
official level of such Index at such time on or in respect of such day, as published by the Index 
Sponsor and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of an Index and any relevant day, one of the following as specified 
in the Final Terms in respect of such Index and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Index Level; 
(b) 
Intraday Level; 
(c) 
Opening Index Level; or 
(d) 
Exchange Delivery Settlement Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an Index, the occurrence or existence of (a) 
a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
regards as material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation

--- Page 436 ---
436 
 
 
Time, (c) an Early Closure, or (d) an Illiquidity Event. For the purpose of determining whether a 
Market Disruption Event in respect of an Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event 
occurs in respect of a security included in the Index at any time, then the relevant percentage 
contribution of that security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (i) the 
portion of the level of the Index attributable to that security and (ii) the overall level of the Index, 
in each case immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Opening Index Level" means, on any day in respect of an Index, the official opening level of 
such Index on or in respect of the relevant day as calculated and published by the relevant 
Index Sponsor or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the 
Index Linked Conditions. 
"Other Disruption" in respect of a Proprietary Index, shall have the meaning given to such 
term in the relevant Index Rules. 
"Proprietary Index" means any Index specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, or, if not 
specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of an Index, each exchange or quotation system, 
any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index. 
"Relevant Level" means, in respect of an Index, a level for such Index, as determined and 
published by the Index Sponsor, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Index, an Exchange or Related Exchange 
and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or 
Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other 
trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index, any day on which the Index Sponsor 
is scheduled to calculate and publish the level of such Index. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Final Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of an Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level 
of such Index on any relevant Exchange or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Index, an Exchange Business Day for such 
Index. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of an Index, in each case, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Index Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an Index other than any Proprietary Index, the time at 
which the official closing level of such Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor 
(or Index Calculation Agent).

--- Page 437 ---
437 
 
 
DEPOSITARY RECEIPT LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions shall apply to Depositary Receipt Linked 
Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Depositary Receipt. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Depositary Receipt and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Depositary Receipt (and if the Final Terms specify that 
this provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this 
condition shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation 
Date shall be the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Depositary 
Receipt on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, 
taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Depositary Receipt in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days

--- Page 438 ---
438 
 
 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above (or if 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Depositary Receipts in the basket (each 
such Depositary Receipt an "Affected Depositary Receipt" in respect of such 
Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Depositary Receipt in the basket that is not an Affected Depositary 
Receipt, the relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of 
Level on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
its estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of such Affected Depositary Receipt(s) in accordance with 
General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Depositary Receipt may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Affected Depositary Receipt or (b) the day that is 60 calendar 
days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day). 
2. 
Adjustments 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the terms of the Deposit Agreement are amended or supplemented following a Potential 
Adjustment Event (as determined by the Calculation Agent) in relation to the relevant 
Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent will determine whether such Potential Adjustment 
Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such Depositary Receipt 
and, if so, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to): 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect; and 
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such 
adjustments shall be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may (but need not) perform the appropriate 
adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by the Related Exchange(s); or  
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above (or in paragraph 2.4) would be possible or would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem

--- Page 439 ---
439 
 
 
the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), in which case 
the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect 
of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred in respect of a 
Depositary Receipt, the following will apply: 
(a) 
(i) 
in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, on or after the relevant Merger 
Date or Tender Offer Date (or such other date as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant), the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (A) make such adjustment 
to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account 
for the economic effect on the Products of such Merger Event or Tender Offer 
(including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, 
stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Underlying Share or to the Depositary 
Receipt), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the 
adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event or Tender Offer by the 
Related Exchange(s) to options on the relevant Underlying Share or on the 
Depositary Receipt traded thereon and (B) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or  
(ii) 
in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency or Delisting, on or after the date of 
the occurrence of the Nationalisation, Insolvency and/or Delisting, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may 
(A) make such adjustment to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of 
the relevant event, (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Underlying Share 
or the Depositary Receipt), which may, but need not, be determined by 
reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of a Nationalisation, Insolvency 
or Delisting by the Related Exchange(s) to options on the Underlying Share or 
on the Depositary Receipt traded thereon and (B) determine the effective date 
of that adjustment; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above (or in paragraph 2.4) would be possible or would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), in which case 
the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect 
of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
2.3 
Consequences of a termination of the Deposit Agreement 
If the Deposit Agreement is terminated, then on or after the date of such termination: 
(a) 
both: 
(i) 
references to the Depositary Receipt shall be replaced by references to the 
Underlying Shares; and 
(ii) 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms and will 
determine the effective date of such replacement and adjustments; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above (or in paragraph 2.4 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), in which case 
the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect 
of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption

--- Page 440 ---
440 
 
 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
2.4 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an 
adjustment (as described in Depositary Receipt Linked Condition 2.1 to 2.3) is necessary, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such 
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions in relation to each such Basket Component (an 
"Affected Depositary Receipt")) be entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.5 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Depositary Receipt Linked Condition 2, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General 
Condition 17 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant 
event in respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such 
notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Underlying Share or Depositary 
Receipt); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the 
next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in 
respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, 
which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent

--- Page 441 ---
441 
 
 
shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, 
and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and 
the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Depositary 
Receipt Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Depositary Receipt: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, each of Increased Cost of 
Hedging, a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, an Insolvency Filing, a Failure to Deliver 
and/or a Reduced Number of Shares, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final 
Terms. 
"Basket Component" means each Depositary Receipt composed within a basket of 
Underlyings. 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the official closing price 
of such Depositary Receipt on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Depositary Receipt Linked 
Conditions. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to 
hold, acquire or dispose of a Depositary Receipt, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
"Delisting" means, in respect of a Share, that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant 
to the rules of such Exchange, the Share ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly 
quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in 
the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in 
any Member State of the European Union).  
"Deposit Agreement" means the agreement or other instrument constituting the Depositary 
Receipts, as amended from time to time. 
"Depositary Receipt" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Depositary Receipt 
Linked Conditions, each security representing shares specified as such in the Final Terms and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which a relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular 
trading session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of a Share, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
any relevant Exchange(s) relating to such Share or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for 
the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business 
Day. 
"Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the exchange or the quotation system as specified 
in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Depositary Receipt 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its

--- Page 442 ---
442 
 
 
reasonable discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Depositary 
Receipt on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
exchange or quotation system); and 
(b) 
in respect of the Underlying Share, the exchange on which the Underlying Share is 
principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (a) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, such Share on 
the Exchange, or (b) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary Event" means, in respect of a Share, a Merger Event, a Tender Offer, a 
Nationalisation, an Insolvency or a Delisting. 
"Failure to Deliver" means, in respect of a Share, the failure of the Share Issuer to deliver, 
when due, the relevant Shares, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market 
for such Shares. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the 
risk of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Depositary Receipts in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations 
(in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient 
liquidity of the Depositary Receipts. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a Share, that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or any analogous proceeding 
affecting a Share Issuer (a) all the Shares of such Share Issuer are required to be transferred 
to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the Shares of such Share Issuer 
become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Insolvency Filing" means, in respect of a Share, that the Share Issuer institutes or has 
instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its principal or registered office, or it consents to a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to 
such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not 
consented to by the Share Issuer shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing.

--- Page 443 ---
443 
 
 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and any relevant time on any 
relevant day, the price at which such Depositary Receipt trades on the relevant Exchange at 
such time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and any relevant day, one of the following 
as specified in the Final Terms in respect of such Depositary Receipt and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Price; 
(b) 
Opening Price; 
(c) 
Intraday Price; or 
(d) 
Volume Weighted Average Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
in respect of the Depositary Receipt, (i) the occurrence or existence of (A) a Trading 
Disruption, (B) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
regards as material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time, (C) an Early Closure, in each case in relation to the Depositary Receipt, 
(D) an Illiquidity Event, or (ii) the existence of a Market Disruption Event in relation to 
the relevant Underlying Share; and 
(b) 
in respect of an Underlying Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
regards as material, at any time during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such Underlying 
Share. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such 
Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of a Share, any (a) reclassification or change of such Share 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange of the Share Issuer with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Share Issuer is 
the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares 
outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Shares of the Share Issuer that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), 
or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Share Issuer or 
its affiliates with or into another entity in which the Share Issuer is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results 
in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding Shares immediately following such event (a "Reverse Merger") in each case if the 
Merger Date is on or before the Final Fixing Date or, if and to the extent the applicable Final 
Terms provide for settlement by delivery, the Delivery Date. 
"Nationalisation" means, in respect of a Share, that all the Shares of a Share Issuer or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of such Share Issuer are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the official opening 
price of such Depositary Receipt on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions.

--- Page 444 ---
444 
 
 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Shares (unless resulting 
in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing 
holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such 
Shares or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or a share in the proceeds of liquidation of the Share Issuer equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares or (iii) share capital or 
other securities of another share issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the 
Share Issuer as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (iv) any other type 
of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(c) 
an amount per Share which the Calculation Agent determines should be characterised 
as an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Share Issuer in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Share Issuer or any of its affiliates of relevant Shares whether out 
of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of the Share Issuer, an event that results in any shareholder rights being 
distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the 
capital stock of the Share Issuer pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or similar 
arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock 
rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted 
upon any exercise of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Share. 
"Reduced Number of Shares" means that at any time following an Extraordinary Event there 
remain a number of Shares of the Share Issuer less than the Relevant Number of Shares for 
the purposes of determining the redemption of the Products in accordance with the Conditions. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such 
Share. 
"Relevant Number of Shares" means the number of Shares of the Share Issuer as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, a price for such 
Depositary Receipt, as determined and published by the Exchange, which is relevant for the 
Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Share, an Exchange or Related Exchange 
and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or 
Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other 
trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Share, any day on which each Exchange 
and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular 
trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Final Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date.

--- Page 445 ---
445 
 
 
"Share" means (a) for the determination whether a Potential Adjustment Event, a Merger Event, 
a Tender Offer, a Nationalisation or an Insolvency has occurred, the Underlying Share and (b) 
for all other purposes, the Underlying Share and the Depositary Receipt. 
"Share Issuer" means the company that has issued the Underlying Share. 
"Tender Offer" means, in respect of a Share, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, 
more than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the 
Share Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon filings made to 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which voting shares in 
the amount of the applicable percentage threshold (which shall be more than 10 per cent. and 
less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Share Issuer) are actually 
purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to such Share on such Exchange or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Shares on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Share" means the relevant share represented by the Depositary Receipt, as 
issued by the relevant Share Issuer. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an Exchange Business 
Day for such Depositary Receipt. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Depositary Receipt, in each case, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Share, the time at which the official closing price of 
such Share is calculated on and published by the Exchange. If the Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
"Volume Weighted Average Price" means, on any day in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an 
amount equal to the volume weighted average price for such Depositary Receipt as displayed 
on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent subject as provided in the Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions.

--- Page 446 ---
446 
 
 
COMMODITY LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Commodity Linked Conditions shall apply to Commodity Linked Products in 
respect of each Underlying which is a Commodity. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Commodity and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Commodity (and if the Final Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition 
shall apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that 
an Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation 
Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the 
Commodity on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Commodity in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days

--- Page 447 ---
447 
 
 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above (or if 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Commodities in the basket (each such 
Commodity an "Affected Commodity" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Commodity in the basket that is not an Affected Commodity, the 
relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Commodity, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of such Affected Commodity(ies) in accordance with 
General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Commodity may be postponed 
until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence 
in respect of such Affected Commodity or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the 
Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above (or if such day is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Adjustments 
2.1 
Substitution of Reference Market and/or Price Source 
(a) 
If the quotation of or trading in the Commodity on the Reference Market or the 
publication of the relevant price of the Commodity by the Price Source is permanently 
discontinued while concurrently the quotation or trading is maintained or is commenced 
on another reference market (the "Substitute Reference Market") or if the relevant 
price of the Commodity is published by another price source (the "Substitute Price 
Source"), the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to stipulate the Substitute Reference 
Market as the new Reference Market and/or the Substitute Price Source as the Price 
Source through publication in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
In the case of such a substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Reference 
Market and/or Price Source thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute 
Reference Market and/or Substitute Price Source. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no substitution as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving 
not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by 
it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination

--- Page 448 ---
448 
 
 
shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices). 
2.2 
Changes in the Commodity 
(a) 
If at any time the Commodity is terminated and/or replaced by another value or if the 
Commodity is traded in a different quality, in a different consistency (e.g., with a 
different degree of purity or a different point of origin) or in a different standard 
measuring unit, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent are entitled to make an adjustment 
to the Conditions, which in the assessment of the Calculation Agent is appropriate to 
reflect the amendments and/or to replace the Commodity with a successor commodity 
(the "Successor Commodity") which is economically equivalent to the original 
relevant concept of the Commodity. 
The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent will multiply the relevant price of the Commodity 
by an adjustment factor [in order to ensure the continuity of the development of the 
reference value(s) underlying the Products. The Successor Commodity and the date 
of its initial application shall be published in accordance General Condition 17 
(Notices). Any reference in the Conditions to the Commodity shall, to the extent 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Commodity. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving 
not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by 
it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination 
shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices). 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if in relation to a Basket Component an 
adjustment (as described in Commodity Linked Condition 2.1 and 2.2) is necessary, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Commodity 
Linked Conditions in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Commodity")) be 
entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Commodity Linked Condition 2, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 
17 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in

--- Page 449 ---
449 
 
 
respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall 
not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is displayed on the relevant Price Source and/or published by the 
Reference Market on or before the Business Day prior to the next date on which any relevant 
payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect of which any relevant 
determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in each case, would 
require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine 
the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in connection 
with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, and, to the extent necessary, 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products to account 
for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its first 
application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of 
Commodity Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Commodity: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Permanent Market Disruption Event, an Increased 
Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 
'Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Basket Component" means each Commodity composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to 
hold, acquire or dispose of a Commodity, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
"Commodity" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity Linked 
Conditions, each commodity or commodity futures contract specified as such in the Final Terms 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Commodity Reference Price" means, on any day in respect of a Commodity, the relevant 
price per unit of such Commodity displayed on the relevant Price Source and/or published by 
the Reference Market on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as 
provided in the Commodity Linked Conditions. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
relevant Reference Market fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which

--- Page 450 ---
450 
 
 
a Market Disruption Event, except for a Permanent Market Disruption Event (to the extent 
applicable), has occurred. 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of their affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the 
risk of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Commodity in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole 
or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of 
the Commodity. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Commodity and any date, the Commodity Reference Price in 
respect of such Commodity and such date. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence or existence of 
any of the following: 
(a) 
(i) the failure of a Reference Market or Price Source to announce or publish a price 
relevant for the Products, or the temporary or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of such Price Source, (iii) the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of a price relevant for the Products (notwithstanding 
the availability of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the Commodity); 
(b) 
the material suspension or limitation of trading in the Commodity on the relevant 
Reference Market or in futures or options contracts relating to the Commodity on a 
futures exchange where such contracts are usually traded; 
(c) 
the failure of trading to commence, or the permanent discontinuation of trading, (i) in 
the Commodity on the Reference Market, or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating 
to the Commodity on a futures exchange where such contracts are usually traded; 
(d) 
the occurrence since the Initial Fixing Date of a material change (i) in the formula for or 
method of calculating the price relevant for the Products, or (ii) in the content, 
composition or constitution of the Commodity or of futures or options contracts relating 
to the Commodity; 
(e) 
the imposition of, change in, or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-
added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by 
reference to, the Commodity or futures or options contracts relating to the Commodity 
(other than a tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income) by any 
government or tax authority, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal 
is to raise or lower a relevant price on a Underlying Valuation Date from what it would 
have been without such imposition, change or removal; or 
(f) 
an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Permanent Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Commodity, any Market 
Disruption Event, if such event is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, permanent.

--- Page 451 ---
451 
 
 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Commodity, the price source specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
"Reference Market" means, in respect of a Commodity, the reference market or the quotation 
system specified as such in the Final Terms, any successor to such reference market or 
quotation system or any substitute reference market or quotation system to which trading in the 
Commodity has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in 
its reasonable discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to the Commodity on such 
temporary substitute reference market or quotation system as on the original reference market). 
"Reference Market Business Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the Reference Market calculates and publishes a Relevant Underlying Price or, 
as the case may be, the Price Source publishes a Relevant Underlying Price. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Commodity, a price for such Commodity, 
as determined and published by the Price Source, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, any day on which the Reference 
Market is scheduled to calculate and publish a Relevant Underlying Price or, as the case may 
be, the Price Source is scheduled to publish a Relevant Underlying Price. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Final Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Commodity, a Reference Market Business 
Day for such Commodity. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Commodity, in each case, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with the Commodity Linked Conditions.

--- Page 452 ---
452 
 
 
CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions shall apply to Currency Exchange 
Rate Linked Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Currency Exchange Rate. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Currency Exchange Rate and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Currency Exchange Rate (and if the Final Terms specify 
that this provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall 
apply to such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if Calculation Agent determines that an 
Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Currency 
Exchange Rate on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Currency 
Exchange Rate in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days

--- Page 453 ---
453 
 
 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above (or if 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Currency Exchange Rates in the basket 
(each such Currency Exchange Rate an "Affected Currency Exchange Rate" in 
respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Currency Exchange Rate in the basket that is not an Affected 
Currency Exchange Rate, the relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with 
the definition of Level on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Currency Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine its estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account 
the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
shall publish the determined level of such Affected Currency Exchange Rate(s) in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Currency Exchange Rate may 
be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Affected Currency Exchange Rate or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day). 
2. 
Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Adjustments for changes in the market conditions on the Reference Market 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a material change in the market conditions has 
occurred on the Reference Market, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect 
adjustments to the Conditions to account for these changed market conditions. 
2.2 
Adjustments for changes in the calculation of the Currency Exchange Rate 
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of the Currency Exchange Rate or in the 
composition or weighting of the price or other reference parameters upon which the Currency 
Exchange Rate is based on (as compared to the Issue Date) shall not lead to an adjustment 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that, as a result of the changes (including corrections), 
the underlying concept and calculation of the Currency Exchange Rate are no longer 
comparable to the underlying concept or calculation of the Currency Exchange Rate applicable 
prior to such change. Adjustments may also be made as a result of the removal of the Currency 
Exchange Rate and/or its substitution by another underlying. 
For the purpose of making any adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall determine an adjusted 
value per unit of the Currency Exchange Rate which shall be used for the determination of the 
relevant price of the Currency Exchange Rate for the Products and which in its economic result 
shall correspond to the provisions prior to this change. The Calculation Agent shall also

--- Page 454 ---
454 
 
 
determine the day on which the adjusted value per unit of the Currency Exchange Rate shall 
apply for the first time, taking into account the time the change occurred. The adjusted value 
per unit of the Currency Exchange Rate and the date of its first application shall be published 
pursuant to General Condition 17 (Notices). 
2.3 
Adjustments for changes in the currency used in connection with the Currency 
Exchange Rate 
If any Relevant Currency (the "Affected Currency") in its function as legal tender in the 
country(ies) or jurisdiction(s) maintaining the authority, institution or other body which issues 
such currency is replaced by another currency or merged with another currency to become a 
common currency (in each case, the "Successor Currency"), the Affected Currency shall be 
replaced, for the purposes of these Conditions, by the Successor Currency provided that, if 
applicable, the appropriate adjustments according to paragraph 2.2 above have been made. 
The Successor Currency and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
In this case, any reference in these Conditions to the Affected Currency shall, to the extent 
appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Currency. 
2.4 
Adjustments for replacement of the Reference Market 
If the quotation of or trading in any Relevant Currency on the Reference Market is permanently 
discontinued while a quotation or trading is concurrently started up or maintained on another 
market (the "Substitute Reference Market"), the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to stipulate 
the Substitute Reference Market as the relevant Reference Market via publication in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), provided that the Issuer has not terminated 
the Products in accordance with these Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions. 
In the case of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Reference Market 
thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market. 
The adjustment described above shall be published in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices) within the three-month period following the permanent discontinuation of the quotation 
of or trading in such Relevant Currency on the Reference Market. 
2.5 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an 
adjustment (as described in this Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition 2) is necessary, 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition in relation to each such Basket Component (an 
"Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component.

--- Page 455 ---
455 
 
 
2.6 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition 
2 (Adjustment Events), the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving 
brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that 
any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action 
taken. 
2.7 
Early Termination due to an Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph 2.1 to 2.5 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 17 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be 
paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility relevant to 
the Currency Exchange Rate); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Rates 
In the event that a Relevant Rate is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected 
Rate") is displayed on the relevant Price Source on or before the Business Day prior to the next 
date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect 
of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in 
each case, would require the Relevant Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in 
connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Rate, and, to the extent 
necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products 
to account for such Corrected Rate. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its 
first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Currency 
Exchange Rate Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Currency Exchange Rate: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Adjustment Event" means each of the events described in paragraphs 2.1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4 and 
2.5 of these Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions. 
"Base Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the currency specified as 
such in the Final Terms. 
"Base Currency/Cross Currency Price" means, on any day in respect of a Currency 
Exchange Rate, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Cross Currency (or 
fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the Base Currency, which appears on the Price

--- Page 456 ---
456 
 
 
Source at approximately the Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time in respect of such day, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Currency Exchange Rate 
Linked Conditions. 
"Basket Component" means each Currency Exchange Rate composed within a basket of 
Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (x) it has become illegal 
to hold, acquire or dispose of any Relevant Currency, or (y) the Hedging Entity will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse 
effect on its tax position). 
"Cross Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the currency specified as 
such in the Final Terms. 
"Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price" means, on any day in respect of a Currency 
Exchange Rate, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency 
(or fractional amounts thereof) per one unit of the Cross Currency, which appears on the Price 
Source at approximately the Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time in respect of such day, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Currency Exchange Rate 
Linked Conditions. 
"Currency Exchange Rate" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Currency 
Exchange Rate Linked Conditions, in respect of any day, an exchange rate of one currency for 
another currency specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Currency Exchange Rate Business Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, 
any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Reference Market is open for trading during its regular 
trading sessions, notwithstanding the Reference Market closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time. 
"Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, 
Base Currency/Cross Currency Price or Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, the time 
specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Currency Exchange Reference Rate" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange 
Rate, an exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional 
amounts thereof) per one unit of the Base Currency, which appears on the Price Source at 
approximately the Currency Exchange Rate Valuation Time in respect of such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Currency Exchange Rate Linked 
Conditions, PROVIDED THAT, if 'Derived Exchange Rate' is specified as 'Applicable' in the 
Final Terms, the Currency Exchange Reference Rate shall be the Derived Exchange Rate. 
"Derived Exchange Rate" means, on any day in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, an 
exchange rate expressed as a number of units of the Reference Currency (or fractional 
amounts thereof) per one unit of the Base Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
as the quotient of the (i) Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price; and (ii) the Base 
Currency/Cross Currency Price, in each case in respect of such day. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the Reference Market fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on 
which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure of the Reference Market" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, 
the closure on any Currency Exchange Rate Business Day of the Reference Market prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Reference 
Market at least one hour prior to the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the 
Reference Market on such Currency Exchange Rate Business Day. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the

--- Page 457 ---
457 
 
 
risk of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of its affiliate(s) or any entity 
(or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying 
or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to [liquidate 
the relevant currency/ies] in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations 
(in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient 
liquidity of the relevant currency/ies. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate and any relevant day, the Currency 
Exchange Reference Rate in respect of such Currency Exchange Rate and such day. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the occurrence 
or existence of any of the following: 
(a) 
the suspension or absence of the announcement of a price of a Currency Exchange 
Rate relevant for the Products on the Reference Market or by the relevant Price Source; 
(b) 
the suspension or limitation of banking activities in the Relevant Country, the latter of 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material in respect of the Products; 
(c) 
the suspension or limitation of trading, the latter of which the Calculation Agent 
determines material in respect of the Products in either: 
(i) 
a Relevant Currency on the Reference Market; or 
(ii) 
in futures or options contracts relating to a Relevant Currency on a futures 
exchange where such contracts are usually traded, 
due to a directive of an authority or the Reference Market or due to a moratorium on 
banking activities in the country where the Reference Market is located, or due to any 
other reasons; 
(d) 
the Early Closure of the Reference Market; 
(e) 
a Relevant Country either: 
(i) 
imposes any controls or announces its intention to impose any controls on any 
relevant currency; or 
(ii) 
implements or announces its intention to implement any laws or regulations; or 
(iii) 
changes or announces its intention to change the interpretation or 
administration of any laws or regulations, 
where in each case, the Calculation Agent determines that such event mentioned in 
paragraph (e)(i), (e)(ii) and (e)(iii) of this definition of Market Disruption Event is likely 
to affect the ability of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliates to 
acquire, hold, transfer or realise any Relevant Currency or otherwise to effect 
transactions in relation to such Relevant Currency; 
(f) 
an event which the Calculation Agent determines would make it impossible for the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of its affiliates to perform, impair or delay the 
performance of the following activities: 
(i) 
converting a Relevant Currency into the Settlement Currency or any other 
currency through customary legal channels or transferring within or from any 
Relevant Country a Relevant Currency due to the imposition by such Relevant

--- Page 458 ---
458 
 
 
Country of any controls restricting or prohibiting such conversion or transfer, 
as the case may be; 
(ii) 
converting a Relevant Currency into another Relevant Currency or into the 
Settlement Currency or any other currency at a rate at least as favourable as 
the rate for domestic financial institutions located in the Relevant Country; 
(iii) 
transferring a Relevant Currency from accounts inside the Relevant Country to 
accounts outside such Relevant Country; or 
(iv) 
transferring a Relevant Currency between accounts inside the Relevant 
Country or to a party that is a non-resident of such Relevant Country; 
(g) 
an event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
market participants in general to: 
(i) 
obtain market values for a Relevant Currency; or 
(ii) 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts 
relating to a Relevant Currency on a futures exchange where such contracts 
are usually traded; or 
(h) 
an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross 
Currency Price or Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, the price source, providing the 
relevant price of the Currency Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross Currency Price or Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price, specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Market" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, Base Currency/Cross 
Currency Price or Cross Currency/Reference Currency Price, the reference market specified 
as such in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the currency specified 
as such in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant Country" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any country (or political 
or regulatory authority thereof) which: 
(a) 
has a Relevant Currency as its legal tender or official currency; and 
(b) 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has a material connection with a Relevant 
Currency. 
"Relevant Currency" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any currency used to 
determine the level of such Currency Exchange Rate. 
"Relevant Rate" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, a rate for such Currency 
Exchange Rate, as displayed on the Price Source, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Settlement Currency" means the settlement currency specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, the Reference 
Market and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Reference 
Market on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to any trading outside the regular 
trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, any day on which 
the Reference Market is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading sessions.  
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Final Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Currency Exchange Rate, a Currency 
Exchange Rate Business Day for such Currency Exchange Rate. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation

--- Page 459 ---
459 
 
 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Currency Exchange Rate, in each 
case, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Currency Exchange Rate Linked Conditions.

--- Page 460 ---
460 
 
 
FUTURES CONTRACT LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Futures Contract Linked Conditions shall apply to Futures Contract Linked 
Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Futures Contract. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Futures Contract and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Futures Contract (and if the Final Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to 
such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Futures 
Contract on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, 
taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Futures Contract in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days

--- Page 461 ---
461 
 
 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above (or if 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Futures Contracts in the basket (each 
such Futures Contract an "Affected Futures Contract" in respect of such Underlying 
Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Futures Contract in the basket that is not an Affected Futures 
Contract, the relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of 
Level on such last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Futures Contract, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of such Affected Futures Contract(s) in accordance with 
General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Futures Contract may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Affected Futures Contract or (b) the day that is 60 calendar 
days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above 
(or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
day). 
2. 
Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Substitution of Reference Market and/or Price Source 
If the quotation of or trading in a Futures Contract on the Reference Market or the publication 
of the relevant price of such Futures Contract by the Price Source is permanently discontinued 
while the quotation or trading is concurrently maintained or is commenced on another reference 
market (the "Substitute Reference Market") or if the relevant price of such Futures Contract 
is published by another price source (the "Substitute Price Source"), the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to stipulate such Substitute Reference Market as the new Reference Market 
and/or such Substitute Price Source as the new Price Source through publication in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). In the case of such a substitution, any reference in the 
Conditions to the Reference Market and/or Price Source thereafter shall be deemed to refer to 
the Substitute Reference Market and/or Substitute Price Source. 
2.2 
Changes in the Futures Contract 
If at any time (a) a Futures Contract is terminated and/or replaced by another value or (b) the 
relevant contract characteristics and/or conditions of such Futures Contract or the value 
underlying such Futures Contract are changed, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may, but 
are not obliged to, make an adjustment to the Conditions, which in the assessment of the 
Calculation Agent is appropriate to reflect the events described in (a) and (b) of this paragraph 
2.2 and/or to replace such Futures Contract with a successor futures contract (the "Successor

--- Page 462 ---
462 
 
 
Futures Contract") which is economically equivalent to the original concept of such Futures 
Contract. 
As the case may be, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent will multiply the relevant price of the 
Futures Contract by an adjustment factor in order to ensure the continuity of the development 
of the reference value(s) underlying the Products. 
The Successor Futures Contract and the date of its initial application shall be published in 
accordance with General Condition 17. Any reference in the Conditions to the Futures Contract 
shall, to the extent appropriate, be deemed to refer to the Successor Futures Contract. 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an 
adjustment (as described in this Futures Contract Linked Condition 2) is necessary, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Futures Contract 
Linked Condition in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket 
Component")) be entitled, but not obliged to, either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Futures Contract Linked Condition 2, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General 
Condition 17 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant 
event in respect of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such 
notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
2.5 
Early Termination due to an Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph 2.1 or 2.2 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 17 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be 
paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or

--- Page 463 ---
463 
 
 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is displayed on the relevant Price Source on or before the Business Day 
prior to the next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the 
Issuer or in respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to 
be made, which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the 
Calculation Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable 
or make any such determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such 
Corrected Price, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust 
any relevant terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination 
or adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance with General 
Condition 17 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Futures 
Contract Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Futures Contract: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law, 
a Hedging Disruption and/or a Permanent Market Disruption Event, in each case, if specified 
to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Adjustment Event" means each of the events described in paragraphs 2.1 and 2.2 of these 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions. 
"Basket Component" means each Futures Contract composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to 
hold, acquire or dispose of a Futures Contract, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
a relevant Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a 
Market Disruption Event (other than a Permanent Market Disruption Event (to the extent 
applicable)) has occurred. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the exchange or the quotation system as 
specified in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Futures Contract has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable 
discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Futures Contract on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which each Exchange is open for trading during its respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Futures Contract" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Futures Contract 
Linked Conditions, each futures contract specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or

--- Page 464 ---
464 
 
 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the 
risk of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of their affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Futures Contract in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in 
whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity 
of the Futures Contract. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Futures Contract and any relevant time on any relevant 
day, the price at which such Futures Contract trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on 
such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of a Futures Contract and any relevant day, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms in respect of such Futures Contract and such day: 
(a) 
Intraday Price. 
(b) 
Settlement Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the occurrence or 
existence of any of the following: 
(a) 
either (i) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish a price of such Futures 
Contract relevant for the Products, (ii) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or 
unavailability of such Price Source, or (iii) the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of a price of such Futures Contract relevant for the 
Products (notwithstanding the availability of the related Price Source or the status of 
trading in the relevant Futures Contract); 
(b) 
the material suspension or limitation of trading (i) in such Futures Contract on the 
Exchange, or (ii) on the Exchange in general; 
(c) 
the failure of trading to commence, or the permanent discontinuation of trading (i) in 
such Futures Contract on the Exchange, or (ii) on the Exchange in general; 
(d) 
a material change (as compared to the circumstances as at the Initial Fixing Date) in 
(i) the formula for or method of calculating a price of such Futures Contract relevant for 
the Products, or (ii) the content, composition or constitution of such Futures Contract 
or of the underlying on which such Futures Contract is based; 
(e) 
the imposition of, change in, or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, value-
added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by 
reference to, such Futures Contract or the underlying on which such Futures Contract 
is based (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income) 
by any government or tax authority, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or 
removal is to raise or lower a relevant price on an Underlying Valuation Date from what 
it would have been without such imposition, change or removal; or 
(f) 
an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days.

--- Page 465 ---
465 
 
 
"Permanent Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any one or 
more of the events set out in the definition of Market Disruption Event in these Futures Contract 
Linked Conditions, if such event is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, considered to 
be permanent. 
"Price Source" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the price source specified as such in 
the Final Terms. 
"Reference Market" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the reference market specified 
as such in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, a price for such Futures 
Contract, as displayed on the Price Source, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, an Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the regular 
trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, any day on which the 
Exchange is scheduled to calculate and publish a Relevant Underlying Price of such Futures 
Contract or, as the case may be, the Price Source is scheduled to publish the a Relevant 
Underlying Price. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Final Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Price" means, on any day in respect of a Futures Contract, the official settlement 
price of such Futures Contract on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Futures Contract Linked 
Conditions. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, an Exchange Business 
Day for such Futures Contract. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Futures Contract, in each case, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the Futures Contract Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of a Futures Contract, the time at which the official closing 
price of such Futures Contract is calculated on and published by the Exchange. If the Exchange 
closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the actual closing 
time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time.

--- Page 466 ---
466 
 
 
FIXED RATE INSTRUMENT AND DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENT LINKED 
CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions shall apply 
to Fixed Rate Instrument Linked Products and Derivative Instrument Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is a Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Instrument and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Instrument (and if the Final Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to 
such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Instrument 
on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Instrument in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be

--- Page 467 ---
467 
 
 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above (or if 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common in respect of the basket of 
Underlyings' in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply to 
one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Instruments in the basket (each such 
Instrument an "Affected Instrument" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Instrument in the basket that is not an Affected Instrument, the 
relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Instrument, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of such Affected Instrument(s) in accordance with General 
Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Instrument may be postponed 
until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence 
in respect of such Affected Instrument or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the 
Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above (or if such day is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Adjustment Events 
2.1 
Changes in the market conditions on the Reference Market 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a material change in the market conditions has 
occurred on the Reference Market, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall be entitled to effect 
adjustments to the Conditions to account for these changed market conditions. 
2.2 
Changes in the calculation of the Instrument  
Any changes in the calculation (including corrections) of an Instrument shall not lead to an 
adjustment unless the Calculation Agent determines that as a result of the changes (including 
corrections) the underlying concept and calculation of such Instrument is no longer comparable 
to the underlying concept or calculation applicable to such Instrument prior to such change. 
Adjustments may also be made as a result of the removal of such Instrument and/or its 
substitution by another underlying or the Delisting of such Instrument. 
For the purposes of making any adjustments, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
adjusted value of such Instrument which shall be used for the determination of the relevant 
price of such Instrument for the Products that, in its economic result, shall correspond to the 
provisions prior to this change, and shall determine the day on which the adjusted value of such 
Instrument shall apply for the first time taking into account the time the change occurred. The

--- Page 468 ---
468 
 
 
adjusted value of the Instrument and the date of its first application shall be published pursuant 
to General Condition 17 (Notices). 
2.3 
Termination, early redemption, replacement or adjustment to the terms and conditions 
of the Instrument 
In the event that an Instrument is terminated and/or redeemed early or replaced by another 
Instrument, provided that such circumstance does not occur in connection with any insolvency 
or general settlement proceedings or other similar proceedings of the issuer of the 
Instrument(s), or in the event of changes to the terms and conditions of the Instrument(s), the 
Instrument(s) may be replaced for the purposes of these Conditions by another financial 
instrument (the "Successor Instrument"), if necessary, after the appropriate adjustments (if 
any) according to paragraph 2.2 have been made. The Successor Instrument and the date of 
its first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
In this case, any reference in these Conditions to the Instrument shall, to the extent permitted 
by the context, be deemed to refer to the Successor Instrument. 
2.4 
Replacement of the Reference Market 
If the quotation of or trading in the Instrument(s) on the Reference Market is permanently 
discontinued while a quotation or trading is started up or maintained concurrently on another 
market (the "Substitute Reference Market"), the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to stipulate 
the Substitute Reference Market as the relevant Reference Market via publication in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
In the case of such a substitution, any reference in these Conditions to the Reference Market 
thereafter shall be deemed to refer to the Substitute Reference Market. 
The adjustment described above shall be published in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices) within the three-month period following the permanent discontinuation of the quotation 
of or trading in the Instrument on the Reference Market. 
2.5 
Additional adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an 
adjustment (as described in Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument Linked Condition 
2.1 to 2.4) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments 
pursuant to such Fixed Rate or Derivative Instrument Linked Condition in relation to each of 
such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not obliged, to 
either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.6 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative 
Instrument Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall give notice to the 
Investors in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), stating the relevant adjustment

--- Page 469 ---
469 
 
 
and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect of which such adjustment was made, 
provided that any failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of the relevant event or 
any action taken. 
2.7 
Early Termination due to an Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph 2.1 to 2.5 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 17 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be 
paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in 
accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
3. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Reference Market on or before the Business Day prior 
to the next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer 
or in respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be 
made, which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation 
Agent shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any 
such determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected 
Price, and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant 
terms of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or 
adjustment and the date of its first application shall be published in accordance General 
Condition 17 (Notices). 
4. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Fixed Rate 
Instrument Linked Products and Derivative Instrument Linked Products and each Underlying 
which is a Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Adjustment Event" means each of the events described in paragraphs 2.1, 2.2, 2.3 and 2.4 
of these Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions. 
"Basket Component" means each Instrument composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to 
hold, acquire or dispose of an Instrument, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without

--- Page 470 ---
470 
 
 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of an Instrument, the official closing price of such 
Instrument on the Reference Market as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Fixed Rate Instrument and 
Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions. 
"Delisting" means, in respect of an Instrument, that the relevant Reference Market announces 
that pursuant to the rules of such Reference Market, such Instrument ceases (or will cease) to 
be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Reference Market for any reason and is not 
immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on a market or quotation system located in the 
same country as the Reference Market (or, where the Reference Market is within the European 
Union, in any Member State of the European Union). 
"Derivative Instrument" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fixed Rate 
Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions, each instrument specified as such in 
the Final Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, any Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
relevant Reference Market fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which 
a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure of the Reference Market" means, in respect of an Instrument, the closure on 
any Trading Day of the Reference Market prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Reference Market at least one hour prior to the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on the Reference Market on such Trading Day. 
"Fixed Rate Instrument" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Fixed Rate 
Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked Conditions, each fixed rate instrument specified 
as such in the Final Terms. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the 
risk of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of its affiliate(s) or any entity 
(or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying 
or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Fixed Rate Instruments and/or Derivative Instruments in a sufficient amount to meet its 
payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment 
date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the Fixed Rate Instruments and/or Derivative 
Instruments. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Instrument" means a Fixed Rate Instrument or Derivative Instrument, as the case may be. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an Instrument and any relevant time on any relevant day, 
the price at which such Instrument trades on the relevant Reference Market at such time on 
such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of an Instrument and any relevant day, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms in respect of such Instrument and such day: 
(a) 
Opening Price; 
(b) 
Closing Price; or

--- Page 471 ---
471 
 
 
(c) 
Intraday Price. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an Instrument, the occurrence or existence of 
any of the following: 
(a) 
the suspension or absence of the announcement of a price of an Instrument relevant 
for the Products on the Reference Market; 
(b) 
the suspension or limitation of trading (the latter of which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material in respect of the Products) (i) of such Instrument on the 
Reference Market, (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Instrument on a 
futures exchange where such contracts are usually traded or (iii) due to a directive of 
an authority or the Reference Market or due to a moratorium on banking activities in 
the country where the Reference Market is located, or due to any other reasons; 
(c) 
the Early Closure of the Reference Market; 
(d) 
at any time, an event that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
the ability of market participants in general (i) to obtain market values for such 
Instrument, (ii) to sell or transfer such Instrument or to exercise the rights conveyed by 
such Instrument or (iii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or 
options contracts relating to such Instrument on a futures exchange where such 
contracts are usually traded; 
(e) 
any event other than those listed at paragraphs (a) to (d) of this definition of Market 
Disruption Event which, in its consequences, is commercially comparable to those 
events; 
(f) 
the suspension or limitation of banking activities in the country where the Reference 
Market is located and which the Calculation Agent determines is material in respect of 
the Products; or 
(g) 
an Illiquidity Event. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of an Instrument, the official opening price of 
such Instrument on the Reference Market on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent subject as provided in the Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked 
Conditions. 
"Reference Market" means the reference market specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of an Instrument, a price for such Instrument, 
as determined and published by the Reference Market, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Instrument, a Reference Market and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Reference Market on 
such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside the 
regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, any day on which the Reference 
Market is scheduled to open for trading during its regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Final Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Trading Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
Reference Market is open for trading during its regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any 
such Reference Market closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an Instrument, a Trading Day for such 
Instrument. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the

--- Page 472 ---
472 
 
 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of an Instrument, in each case, subject 
to adjustment in accordance with these Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative Instrument Linked 
Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an Instrument, the time at which the official closing price 
of such Instrument is calculated on and published by the Reference Market. If the Reference 
Market closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time is after the actual 
closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing 
time.

--- Page 473 ---
473 
 
 
ETF LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these ETF Linked Conditions shall apply to ETF Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is an ETF Share. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Fund and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single ETF Share (and if the Final Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to 
such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the ETF Share 
on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the ETF Share in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days

--- Page 474 ---
474 
 
 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above (or if 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of the 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more ETF Shares in the basket (each such ETF 
Share an "Affected ETF Share" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each ETF Share in the basket that is not an Affected ETF Share, the 
relevant Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such 
last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected ETF Share, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of such Affected ETF Share(s) in accordance with General 
Condition 17. 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected ETF Share may be postponed 
until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence 
in respect of such Affected ETF Share or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the 
Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 1.3(a) above (or if such day 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred or is likely 
to occur and such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of an ETF Share, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged 
to): 
(a) 
(i) 
make the corresponding adjustment(s), if appropriate, to the Conditions as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect; and 
(ii) 
determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s). In such case, such 
adjustments shall be deemed to be so made from such date(s). The Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may (but need not) perform the appropriate 
adjustment(s) by reference to the adjustment(s) in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event and exchange contracts on the ETF Shares that are traded 
on such Related Exchange; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above (or in paragraph 2.3) would be possible or would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), in which case

--- Page 475 ---
475 
 
 
the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect 
of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this ETF Linked 
Condition 2.1 shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective 
date of such adjustment, in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
2.2 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Event 
(a) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Event has occurred, the 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to): 
(i) 
undertake those adjustments to variables that it considers to be appropriate, 
as the case may be, regarding the calculation methods, the settlement or 
payment or other terms in respect of the Products to account for the effects of 
such Extraordinary Event in respect of the Products and (B) determine the 
effective date of these adjustments; or 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make 
pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above leads to a commercially reasonable result, 
then the Calculation Agent may select: 
(A) 
another fund that is in the same currency and has the same investment 
objective as the relevant Fund (the "Replacement Fund"); and 
(B) 
the applicable day (the "Fund Replacement Date") for the 
replacement of the relevant Fund with the Replacement Fund (for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent may set the Fund 
Replacement Date as any date, including any date before the 
occurrence of the relevant Extraordinary Event or the Issue Date), 
in which case, (I) the Replacement Fund replaces the relevant Fund on the Fund 
Replacement Date, (II) references herein to the Fund are deemed, from the Fund 
Replacement Date, to be references to the Replacement Fund and (III) the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion undertakes the appropriate 
adjustments to variables that it considers to be appropriate, as the case may be, 
regarding the calculation methods, the valuation, settlement or payment terms in 
respect of the Products to account for such substitution; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above (or in paragraph 2.3 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), in which case 
the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect 
of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this ETF Linked 
Condition 2.2 shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective 
date of such adjustment, in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
2.3 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an 
adjustment (as described in ETF Linked Condition 2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation 
Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such ETF Linked Condition in relation to 
each of such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, but not 
obliged to either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or

--- Page 476 ---
476 
 
 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.4 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this ETF Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect 
of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken. 
3. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such 
Additional Disruption Event (including adjustments to account for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends or liquidity relevant to the Fund); or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this ETF Linked 
Condition 3 shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective date 
of such adjustment, in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
4. 
Correction of Prices 
In the event that a Relevant Underlying Price is subsequently corrected and the correction (the 
"Corrected Price") is published by the Exchange on or before the Business Day prior to the 
next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in 
respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, 
which, in each case, would require the Relevant Underlying Price, then the Calculation Agent 
shall be entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Price, 
and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
of the Products to account for such Corrected Price. Any such determination or adjustment and 
the date of its first application shall be published in accordance General Condition 17 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of ETF 
Linked Products and each Underlying which is an ETF Share: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Basket Component" means each ETF Share composed within a basket of Underlyings.

--- Page 477 ---
477 
 
 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to 
hold, acquire or dispose of an ETF Share, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially 
increased cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on 
its tax position). 
"Closing Price" means, on any day in respect of an ETF, the official closing price of such ETF 
on the Exchange as of the Valuation Time on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent subject as provided in the ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Constitutional Document(s)" means, in respect of a Fund, the document(s) constituting the 
Trust. 
"Delisting" means, in respect an ETF Share, that such ETF Shares cease or have ceased to 
be admitted to trade on the Exchange and that such ETF Shares have not been admitted to 
trade on another Exchange that the Calculation Agent considers to be a suitable substitute 
Exchange. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day on which a 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session or on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the closure on any Exchange Trading Day 
of one or more relevant Exchange(s) or one or more Related Exchange(s) prior to the 
Scheduled Closing Time, unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for 
the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Trading Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Trading Day. 
"ETF" means an exchange traded fund. 
"ETF Share" mean, in respect of a Fund, the shares or units of such Fund specified as such in 
the Final Terms, subject to replacement in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the exchange or the quotation system 
specified as such in the Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or 
any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such ETF Share has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined in its reasonable 
discretion that there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF Share on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Disruption" means, in respect of an ETF Share, an event (other than an Early 
Exchange Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general to (a) effect transactions in such ETF Shares or obtain market 
values on the Exchange for such ETF Shares or (b) effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, futures or options contracts on such ETF Share on a relevant Related Exchange. 
"Exchange Trading Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Extraordinary Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, each of (a) an Insolvency in respect 
of the Fund, its Management Company or a depository or another of the Fund's service 
providers, (b) a Merger Event, (c) a Delisting, (d) a Termination of the Trust in respect of the 
related Fund, (e) a nationalisation, (f) a change in fund objectives or (g) a fund licence / 
authorisation revocation.  
"Fund" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the issuer of such ETF Share as specified in the 
Final Terms, subject to replacement in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Fund Reference Index" means the index specified as such in the Final Terms.

--- Page 478 ---
478 
 
 
"Fund Reference Index Sponsor" means the sponsor of the Fund Reference Index, as 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the 
risk of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products or (b) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of their affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the ETF Shares in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole 
or in part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of 
the ETF Shares. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Insolvency" means, in respect of a relevant entity, that such entity: 
(a) 
is wound up (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or takeover); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent, is unable or fails to pay its debts or admits in writing its inability 
generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors; 
(d) 
either: 
(i) 
institutes or has instituted against it a petition by a regulator, regulatory body 
or other body with primary responsibility for insolvency, restructuring or 
supervision in the country in which its head office is registered or established, 
whereby a judgment is sought for insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
affecting creditors' rights or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by itself or such regulator, regulatory body or such similar body; or 
(ii) 
has brought a petition against itself seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
applicable relief affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its 
winding-up or liquidation, and the petition or other application is instituted or 
made by a person or agent that is not named under (d)(i) of this definition of 
Insolvency and either: 
(A) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or 
liquidation; or 
(B) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 
fifteen calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has passed a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, Trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets;

--- Page 479 ---
479 
 
 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced 
or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in 
each case within fifteen calendar days thereafter; 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs 
(a) to (g) of this definition; or 
(i) 
takes actions that promote any of the foregoing processes or agrees to, consents to or 
permits the same. 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an ETF and any relevant time on any relevant day, the 
price at which such ETF trades on the relevant Exchange at such time on such day, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Level" means, in respect of an ETF Share and any relevant day, one of the following as 
specified in the Final Terms in respect of such ETF Share and such day: 
(a) 
Closing Price; 
(b) 
Intraday Price; or 
(c) 
Opening Price. 
"Management Company" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the 
management company specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the occurrence or existence 
of: 
(a) 
a Trading Disruption or an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation 
Agent regards as material in respect of the Products, at any time during the one-hour 
period immediately before the relevant Valuation Time; 
(b) 
an Early Exchange Closure; or 
(c) 
an Illiquidity Event, 
PROVIDED THAT, if in respect of an event that would otherwise be a Market Disruption Event 
occurs only two hours prior to the time of the actual closing time for the regular trading session 
on the relevant Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on the relevant Exchange Trading Day, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that such event is not considered material in respect of 
the relevant ETF Share. In such case such event shall not be a Market Disruption Event in 
respect of such ETF Share and, in respect of the relevant day, the Calculation Agent shall use 
the corresponding level of such ETF Share and the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such 
Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share, any of: 
(a) 
reclassification or other change to the Fund that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or person; 
(b) 
a consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit exchange of the Fund with or into another 
entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit exchange in 
which such Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification 
or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding); 
(c) 
takeover offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or 
person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETF 
Shares (other than such ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or 
person); or

--- Page 480 ---
480 
 
 
(d) 
consolidation, amalgamation or binding unit exchange of the Fund or its affiliates with 
or into another entity in which the Fund is the continuing entity and which does not 
result in a reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding but results in 
the outstanding ETF Shares (other than ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. 
of the outstanding ETF Shares immediately following such event in each case if the 
Merger Date is on or before the Final Fixing Date. 
"Opening Price" means, on any day in respect of an ETF, the official opening price of such 
ETF on the Exchange on the relevant day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as 
provided in the ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the 
occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of ETF Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of such ETF Shares to existing holders 
by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of ETF Shares of: 
(i) 
such ETF Shares; 
(ii) 
other participation rights or securities granting the right to payment of dividends 
and/or a share in the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such ETF Shares; 
(iii) 
participation rights or securities of another unit issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction; or 
(iv) 
any other type of securities, rights or options or other assets, in any case for 
payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
a distribution per ETF Share which the Calculation Agent determines to be 
characterised as an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a call by the Fund in respect of ETF Shares that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Fund or any of its affiliates of ETF Shares whether out of profits or 
capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; 
(f) 
an event occurs that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming 
separated from shares of common stock other units of the Fund pursuant to a 
shareholder rights plan or similar arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, 
warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result 
of such an event shall be readjusted upon any exercise of such rights; 
(g) 
any other circumstances that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such ETF Shares; or 
(h) 
an adjustment to the calculation terms of exchange contracts in respect of such ETF 
Shares that are traded on a Related Exchange. 
"Related Exchange(s)" means, in respect of an ETF Share, those options or futures 
exchanges on which options or futures contracts are regularly traded on the units of the Fund, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, and (in each case) any successor to such exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system where trading is 
temporarily carried out in futures or options contracts on such ETF Shares (to the extent as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
the liquidity for the futures and options contracts on ETF Shares is comparable with the liquidity 
of the original Related Exchange). 
"Relevant Underlying Price" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a price for such ETF Share, 
as determined and published by the Exchange, which is relevant for the Products.

--- Page 481 ---
481 
 
 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Exchange or Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange on the Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours 
or any other trading outside the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a day on which each Exchange 
and each Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading 
sessions. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Final Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Termination of the Trust" means, in respect of a Fund, where pursuant to the Constitutional 
Document(s) the Trust has been terminated or amended in another way, including (but not 
limited to): 
(a) 
the rescission of the Constitutional Document(s) by the Management Company or the 
Trustee or the termination of the calculation and publication of the Fund Reference 
Index by the Fund Reference Index Sponsor; 
(b) 
a decision of a competent authority on the rescission or cancellation of the 
Constitutional Document(s) or the Trust; and/or 
(c) 
a decision of a competent authority on the (i) rescission or suspension of the applicable 
licence of the Management Company that is necessary for the administration of the 
Fund or (ii) unwinding of the Management Company. 
Throughout the life of a Fund the replacement of the Management Company or the substitution 
of the Trustee by a substitute Trustee shall not lead to the Termination of the Trust and any 
such replacement investment Management Company and any such substitute Trustee shall be 
regarded as the Management Company or Trustee as from the date on which such replacement 
or substitution takes effect. 
"Trading Disruption" means, in respect of an ETF Share, a suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange 
or otherwise (a) relating to ETF Shares on the Exchange, (b) in futures or options contracts on 
the ETF Shares on a relevant Related Exchange or (c) in ETF Shares or other securities of an 
ETF in respect of the relevant Funds Reference Index on the Exchange or a Related Exchange, 
if in any of these cases the Calculation Agent determines in its reasonable discretion that such 
suspension or limitation is material. 
"Trust" means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the trust which constitutes 
the Fund or the company or another vehicle under which the ETF Shares are issued by the 
Fund. 
"Trustee(s)" means the trustees for the beneficial owners of the Fund. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Exchange Trading Day for 
such ETF Share. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Fund, in each case, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with these ETF Linked Conditions. 
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of an ETF Share, the time at which the Exchange 
calculates and publishes the official closing price of such ETF Share. If the Exchange closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the Valuation Time falls after the actual closing time for 
the regular trading session, the Valuation Time means the time of the actual close of trading.

--- Page 482 ---
482 
 
 
FUND LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of these Fund Linked Conditions shall apply to Fund Linked Products in respect of each 
Underlying which is a Fund Unit. 
1. 
Consequences of Disrupted Days 
1.1 
Single Fund and Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a single Fund Unit (and if the Final Terms specify that this 
provision shall apply to particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to 
such Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Valuation Date shall be the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless the Calculation Agent 
determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; 
and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the Fund Unit 
on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into 
account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the Fund Unit in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.1 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date may be postponed until the earlier of (a) the first 
Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence or (b) the day that is 60 
calendar days following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) above (or if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day 
following such day). 
1.2 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Individual Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Individual Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Basket Component shall be the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component, unless the Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal in number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of the relevant Basket 
Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day; and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the relevant level of the relevant 
Basket Component on that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable 
discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such day. The 
Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall publish the determined level of the relevant 
Basket Component in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.2 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for the relevant Basket Component may be 
postponed until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event 
is in existence in respect of such Basket Component or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days

--- Page 483 ---
483 
 
 
following the Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above (or if 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
1.3 
Basket of Underlyings and Underlying Valuation Dates – Common Postponement of 
Underlying Valuation Dates 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings and where 'Underlying Valuation Dates – 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days' is specified as 'Common Adjustment' in respect of the basket 
of Underlyings in the Final Terms (and if the Final Terms specify that this provision shall apply 
to one or more particular Underlying Valuation Dates, then this condition shall apply to such 
Underlying Valuation Dates only), if the Calculation Agent determines that an Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, then the Underlying 
Valuation Date in respect of all Basket Components shall be the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component, unless the 
Calculation Agent determines that each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Underlying 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day in respect of any Basket Component. In that case: 
(a) 
the last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying Valuation Date for all Basket Components, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day for one or more Fund Units in the basket (each such Fund 
Unit an "Affected Fund Unit" in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date); 
(b) 
in respect of each Fund Unit in the basket that is not an Affected Fund Unit, the relevant 
Level shall be determined in accordance with the definition of Level on such last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
(c) 
in respect of each Affected Fund Unit, the Calculation Agent shall determine its 
estimate of the relevant level of such Basket Component(s) on that last consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in its reasonable discretion, taking into account the market 
circumstances prevailing on such day. The Issuer and/or Calculation Agent shall 
publish the determined level of such Affected Fund Unit(s) in accordance with General 
Condition 17 (Notices). 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Underlying Valuation Date is postponed in accordance with this 
paragraph 1.3 due to the occurrence of an Illiquidity Event, notwithstanding the Maximum Days 
of Disruption, the Underlying Valuation Date for each Affected Fund Unit may be postponed 
until the earlier of (a) the first Scheduled Trading Day on which no Illiquidity Event is in existence 
in respect of such Affected Fund Unit or (b) the day that is 60 calendar days following the 
Scheduled Trading Day determined in accordance with paragraph (a) above (or if such day is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the first Scheduled Trading Day following such day). 
2. 
Adjustments 
2.1 
Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event  
(a) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Adjustment Event has occurred or 
is likely to occur, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to), if the 
Calculation Agent determines in its reasonable discretion, that such event is material 
and adversely affects the relevant Fund Unit or the calculation of the NAV of such Fund 
Unit: 
(i) 
make any adjustments to any calculation methods, values or terms in respect 
of the Products that they determine at their reasonable discretion to be 
necessary to account for such Potential Adjustment Event; and/or  
(ii) 
select, by using reasonable efforts for a period of no longer than five (5) 
Business Days, one or more suitable alternative funds with reasonably similar 
investment mandates (each a "Replacement Fund") and replace the Fund by 
such Replacement Fund, subject to the satisfaction of all of the following 
suitability criteria: 
(A) 
the relevant fund management company(ies) and fund manager(s) are 
willing to allow the fund to be referenced in the Products; 
(B) 
the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent can trade at net asset value or at 
bid price in the fund with no direct or indirect fee, levy or other charge 
whatsoever, including subscription or redemption penalties applicable,

--- Page 484 ---
484 
 
 
or potentially applicable, to any such trading or any interest so 
acquired; 
(C) 
the fund (or a relevant manager) publishes the fund's net asset value 
or bid price on a daily basis; and 
(D) 
the Hedging Entity is able to fully hedge its position with respect to the 
Replacement Fund as at the date on which the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent elects to replace the Fund with the Replacement 
Fund; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above (and paragraph 2.2 below) would be possible or would achieve a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem 
the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), in which case 
the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect 
of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
If the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent elects to replace a Fund with a Replacement Fund, any 
reference to such Fund in these Fund Linked Conditions shall, to the extent appropriate, be 
deemed to refer to such Replacement Fund. 
Any adjustment made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this Fund Linked 
Condition 2 shall be notified to Investors, stating the relevant adjustment and the effective date 
of such adjustment, in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
2.2 
Additional Adjustments in respect of a Basket of Underlyings 
Where the Products relate to a basket of Underlyings, if, in relation to a Basket Component, an 
adjustment (as described in Fund Linked Condition 2) is necessary, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall (in addition to the adjustments pursuant to such Fund Linked Condition 
in relation to each such Basket Component (an "Affected Basket Component")) be entitled, 
but not obliged to either: 
(a) 
remove the Affected Basket Component(s) from the basket of Underlyings without 
replacement (and in such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
removal of the Affected Basket Component(s) and the economic effect thereof on the 
Products); or 
(b) 
replace the Affected Basket Component(s) in whole or in part by a new Basket 
Component (which may be a cash amount in the Underlying Currency representing the 
value of the Affected Basket Component at the time of such replacement as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion) (the "Successor Basket 
Component"). In such case, the Calculation Agent may make such amendments to 
the Conditions as it reasonably determines are appropriate to take into account the 
replacement of the Affected Basket Component(s) with the Successor Basket 
Component. The Successor Basket Component(s) will be selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its reasonable discretion and the relevant characteristics thereof shall be as 
similar to the Affected Basket Component being replaced as far as reasonably 
practicable. Upon such replacement, the Successor Basket Component will be deemed 
to be the Basket Component and any reference in the Conditions to the Affected Basket 
Component, to the extent permitted by the context, shall be deemed to refer to the 
Successor Basket Component. 
2.3 
Notice of Adjustments 
Upon making any such adjustment pursuant to this Fund Linked Condition 2, the Issuer and/or 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Investors in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices), stating the relevant adjustment and giving brief details of the relevant event in respect 
of which such adjustment was made, provided that any failure to give such notice shall not 
affect the validity of the relevant event or any action taken.

--- Page 485 ---
485 
 
 
3. 
Correction of Values 
In the event that a Relevant Value is subsequently corrected and such correction (the 
"Corrected Value") is published on behalf of such Fund on or before the Business Day prior to 
the next date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have been made by the Issuer or 
in respect of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, 
which, in each case, would require the Relevant Value, then the Calculation Agent shall be 
entitled to determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such 
determination in connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Value, 
and, to the extent necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms 
of the Products to account for such Corrected Value. The adjustment and the date of its first 
application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
4. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment as described in paragraph (a) 
above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, determine 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than 
thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to 
each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled 
Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice 
in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
5. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in respect of Fund 
Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Fund Unit: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Basket Component" means each Fund Unit composed within a basket of Underlyings. 
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to 
hold, acquire or dispose of a Fund Unit, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased 
cost in performing its obligations arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due to 
any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Denomination Currency" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, the currency in which the NAV of 
such Fund Unit or the related Fund is published. 
"Disrupted Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, a Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Fund" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, the issuer of such Fund Unit as specified in the Final 
Terms, subject to replacement in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Fund Unit" means, in respect of a Fund, a share or unit in such Fund, as specified in the Final 
Terms, subject to replacement in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the 
risk of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s).

--- Page 486 ---
486 
 
 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent or any of their affiliate(s) or any 
entity (or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any 
underlying or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the 
Products. 
"Illiquidity Event" means that the Calculation Agent determines that it is, or becomes (or is 
likely to become) impossible or impracticable for the Issuer and/or Hedging Entity to liquidate 
the Fund in a sufficient amount to meet its payment and/or delivery obligations (in whole or in 
part) in respect of the forthcoming payment date as a result of the insufficient liquidity of the 
Fund. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Fund Unit and any relevant day, the NAV in respect of such 
Fund Unit and such day. 
"Manager" means, in respect of a Fund, each of its manager, investment manager or any of its 
investment advisors. 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, any one of the following events: 
(a) 
a suspension or a failure of the announcement of the price of such Fund Unit or NAV; 
(b) 
an Illiquidity Event; or 
(c) 
the occurrence of any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent in its 
reasonable discretion, disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general 
to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for such Fund Unit. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, unless specified otherwise in the Final Terms, eight 
Scheduled Trading Days. 
"NAV" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, the net asset value calculated in accordance with the 
terms of the prospectus or other documents prepared in connection with the marketing of such 
Fund. 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means, in respect of a Fund Unit and the related Fund, any one 
of the following events: 
(a) 
a violation or change of any material terms of the offer documents or other documents 
prepared in connection with the marketing of the Fund or each of its constitutional 
documents, which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at its reasonable discretion, 
is material; 
(b) 
the main investment objective of the Fund changes; 
(c) 
the Denomination Currency is changed and now differs from the Denomination 
Currency as at the Initial Fixing Date; 
(d) 
the NAV, as calculated by or on behalf of the Fund is not calculated or announced in 
respect of any Scheduled Trading Day within the time period that the Calculation Agent 
would ordinarily expect such NAV to be available in respect of such day; 
(e) 
the total value of the assets managed by the Fund adviser (including the Fund), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, has decreased by 50 per cent. (either due to 
redemptions or decrease in value of such assets), over a period of twelve months; 
(f) 
the reduction of the Fund’s aggregate net asset value under an amount that, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a significant effect 
on the management conditions of the Fund or its operating expenses or would increase 
the proportion of Fund Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Investor to such 
extent that the full redemption in one single valid and timely redemption order of the 
Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Investor or funds managed by the same, is likely to 
be impaired;

--- Page 487 ---
487 
 
 
(g) 
any restriction or limitation or suspension or deferral of trading of, or redemptions of or 
subscription for Fund Units affecting the Hedging Entity's ability to conduct its activities 
it deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the 
Issuer's obligations under the relevant Products (including, but not limited to, the 
introduction or increase of any associated fee, cost or expense, or any restructure, 
reorganisation or action that has a similar impact to a gate or side pocket), or any 
mandatory redemption of Fund Units; 
(h) 
the regulatory or tax treatment applicable with respect to the Issuer, the Fund or any 
Manager is changed; 
(i) 
any review or investigation of the activities of the Fund or its Managers, by a relevant 
regulator, in connection with suspected or alleged wrongdoing or breach of any rule or 
regulation, or other similar reason, or any disciplinary action taken by such regulator in 
consequence thereof; 
(j) 
any winding-up, liquidation of, or any termination or any loss of regulatory approval, 
licence or registration of, a Manager, or any merger, de-merger, winding-up or 
liquidation of or affecting the Fund; 
(k) 
any arrangement between the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent and the Fund and/or a 
Manager, including arrangements relating to subscriptions in and redemptions of Fund 
Units, being changed or terminated; 
(l) 
the occurrence of any event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent at their 
reasonable discretion, prevents, hinders or materially impairs the Hedging Entity's 
ability to conduct activities it deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering 
into and performing the Issuer's obligations under the relevant Products; 
(m) 
the notice period for subscriptions/redemption in the Fund Unit is modified in a 
significant manner and/or the subscriptions and/or redemptions in Fund Units are 
suspended, postponed or reduced (either in whole or in part), and/or the payments of 
redemption proceeds to be paid in respect of a redemption order are suspended, 
postponed, reduced (either in whole or in part) or paid by instalments, and/or the 
dividend and/or redemption payments are made (either in whole or in part) in kind 
rather than in cash and/or the non-execution or partial execution by the Fund for any 
reason of a subscription or redemption order on the Fund Units; or 
(n) 
any other circumstances that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Fund Units or on the NAV. 
These events could include, but are not necessarily limited to: (i) changes in key fund 
personal/fund adviser or managers, (ii) NAV dropping by a certain amount or to certain 
level, (iii) fees/charges being imposed on subscriptions/redemptions, (iv) breach of 
reporting obligations, as well as (v) “potential adjustment events” similar to those in the 
Share Linked Conditions.  
"Relevant Value" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, a value for such Fund Unit, as determined 
and published by or on behalf of the related Fund, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, any day on which the NAV is 
scheduled to be calculated and announced in accordance with the terms of the prospectus or 
other documents prepared in connection with the marketing of the Fund. 
"Scheduled Underlying Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, 
the original date specified as such in the Final Terms that, but for the occurrence of an event 
causing a Disrupted Day, would have been such Underlying Valuation Date. 
"Trading Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, any Scheduled Trading Day on which the NAV 
is calculated and announced in accordance with the terms of the prospectus or other 
documents prepared in connection with the marketing of the Fund. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Fund Unit, a Trading Day for such Fund Unit. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent

--- Page 488 ---
488 
 
 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Fund Unit, in each case, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with these Fund Linked Conditions.

--- Page 489 ---
489 
 
 
REFERENCE RATE LINKED CONDITIONS 
The provisions of theses Reference Rate Linked Conditions shall apply to Reference Rate Linked 
Products in respect of each Underlying which is a Reference Rate. 
1. 
Determination of the Reference Rate 
The relevant level of the Reference Rate in respect of any Underlying Valuation Date will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion on the following basis: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent will, in its reasonable discretion, determine the relevant level of 
the respective Reference Rate which appears on the relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Underlying Valuation Date; 
(b) 
if, in respect of an Underlying Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent determines that 
the relevant level of the Reference Rate does not appear on the relevant Screen Page 
or the relevant Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(i) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of such Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on such Underlying Valuation Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative 
for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(ii) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations (rounded upward or 
downwards, if necessary, to the Quotation Rounding), 
provided that if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested under 
paragraph (a) above, then the Calculation Agent shall determine its estimate of the 
relevant level of the Reference Rate in respect of such Underlying Valuation Date in its 
reasonable discretion, taking into account the market circumstances prevailing on such 
day (any such determination made pursuant to this Reference Rate Linked Condition 
1 shall be notified to Investors in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices)); this 
Successor Reference Rate may include the application of an Adjustment Spread as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(c) 
if the Calculation Agent has determined, in its reasonable discretion, that an Underlying 
Event has occurred, notwithstanding the provisions above in paragraphs (a) above and 
(b) above, it is entitled: 
(i) 
if a successor reference rate has been determined for the respective 
Reference Rate by a public announcement issued by the administrator of the 
respective Reference Rate, the competent central bank or a regulatory and/or 
supervisory authority or a successor administrator, to set such rate as the 
successor reference rate (the "Successor Reference Rate") and to use it 
instead of the respective Reference Rate on the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date and on any subsequent Underlying Valuation Date for the Products; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Reference Rate has not been determined by such 
announcement, to set as the successor reference rate a rate which is 
comparable to the respective Reference Rate at its reasonable discretion and 
taking into account market practices (the "Successor Reference Rate") and 
to use such Successor Reference Rate on the relevant Underlying Valuation 
Date and any subsequent Underlying Valuation Date for the Products, where, 
if the Calculation Agent determines that an appropriate rate exists which is 
generally accepted in the financial sector as the Successor Reference Rate for 
the respective Underlying and/or Basket Component, it will set such rate as the 
Successor Reference Rate for the Products and will use that Successor 
Reference Rate for the Products on the relevant Underlying Valuation Date 
and any subsequent Underlying Valuation Date, 
provided that, in the event that a Successor Reference Rate is determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
be entitled to determine in its reasonable discretion the method for periodically 
determining the amount of the Successor Reference Rate and, if necessary, to make 
adjustments to the provisions of the Conditions on which the Products are based with 
respect to the calculation of the Successor Reference Rate and the Coupon and the

--- Page 490 ---
490 
 
 
redemption of the Products in general, provided that only such adjustments are made 
that do not result in an economic disadvantage to the Investor. The determination of a 
Successor Reference Rate and any adjustments to the Conditions on which the 
Products are based pursuant to the preceding paragraphs as well as the respective 
effective dates thereof shall be announced by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
General Condition 17 (Notices). 
(d) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) no determination as described in paragraph 
(a) above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result; or (b) 
in the case of an Underlying Event, it is not possible to determine a Successor 
Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Issuer shall redeem the 
Products by giving not less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' 
irrevocable notice in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices), in which case 
the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause to be paid to each Investor in respect 
of each Product held by it an amount equal to the Unscheduled Early Redemption 
Amount. The termination shall become valid on the day of the notice in accordance 
with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
2. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer 
and/or Calculation Agent may: 
(a) 
make such adjustment(s) to the Conditions as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate to account for the economic effect on the Products of such Additional 
Disruption Event; or 
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that no determination as described in paragraph 
(a) above would be possible or would achieve a commercially reasonable result, 
determine that the Issuer shall redeem the Products by giving not less than ten (10) 
nor more than thirty (30) Business Days' irrevocable notice in accordance with General 
Condition 17 (Notices), in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Products and cause 
to be paid to each Investor in respect of each Product held by it an amount equal to the 
Unscheduled Early Redemption Amount. The termination shall become valid on the 
day of the notice in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
3. 
Correction of Rates 
In the event that a Relevant Rate is subsequently corrected and the correction (the "Corrected 
Rate") is displayed on the relevant Screen Page on or before the Business Day prior to the next 
date on which any relevant payment or delivery may have to be made by the Issuer or in respect 
of which any relevant determination in respect of the Products may have to be made, which, in 
each case, would require the Relevant Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall be entitled to 
determine the amount payable or Entitlement deliverable or make any such determination in 
connection with the Products after taking into account such Corrected Rate, and, to the extent 
necessary, the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Products 
to account for such Corrected Rate. Any such determination or adjustment and the date of its 
first application shall be published in accordance with General Condition 17 (Notices). 
4. 
Definitions 
The following terms and expressions shall have the following meanings in relation to Reference 
Rate Linked Products and each Underlying which is a Reference Rate: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law 
and/or a Hedging Disruption, in each case, if specified to be 'Applicable' in the Final Terms. 
"Adjustment Spread" means that if the Calculation Agent determines that (i) an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Reference Rate and (ii) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Reference Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a Relevant Rate (or relevant component thereof) by reference to 
such Successor Reference Rate (as applicable).  
"Change in Law" means that on or after the Issue Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority

--- Page 491 ---
491 
 
 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (i) it has become illegal to 
hold, acquire or dispose of positions, contracts, instruments or arrangements in relation to a 
Reference Rate, or (ii) the Hedging Entity will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations arising from the Products (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Hedging Entity is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the 
risk of entering into and performing the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products, or (b) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Entity" means the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent, any of its affiliates or any entity 
(or entities) acting on behalf of the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent engaged in any underlying 
or hedging transactions in respect of the Issuer's obligations arising from the Products. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Hedging Entity would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee 
or other cost (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) the Hedging Entity 
deems necessary to hedge the risk in respect of entering into and performing the Issuer´s 
obligations under the relevant Products, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Level" means, in respect of a Reference Rate and any relevant day, the Screen Rate in respect 
of such Reference Rate and such day. 
"Quotation Rounding" means the rounding specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the major banks selected by the Calculation Agent, in its 
reasonable discretion, in the Relevant Financial Centre. 
"Reference Rate" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Reference Rate 
Linked Conditions, each interest rate or reference rate specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means the city specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant Rate" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, a rate for such Reference Rate, as 
displayed on the Screen Page, which is relevant for the Products. 
"Relevant Time" means the time specified as such in the Final Terms. "Screen Page" means 
the screen page specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Screen Rate" means, on any day in respect of a Reference Rate, the relevant rate of such 
Reference Rate displayed on the relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant 
day, as determined by the Calculation Agent subject as provided in the Reference Rate Linked 
Conditions. 
"Underlying Event" means (a) any permanent and final termination of the determination, 
provision or publication of the relevant Reference Rate by any administrator in circumstances 
where no successor administrator exists, or any other permanent and final discontinuation of 
the existence of the respective Underlying and/or Basket Component or (b) a material change 
in the methodology of determining or calculating the relevant rate of the respective Reference 
Rate as compared to the methodology used at the Issue Date if such change results in the 
respective rate, calculated in accordance with the new methodology, no longer representing, 
or being apt to represent adequately, the (original) rate or in terms of economic substance no 
longer being comparable to the (original) rate determined or calculated in accordance with the 
methodology used at the Issue Date or (c) the applicability of any law or any other legal 
provision, or of any administrative or judicial order, decree or other binding measure, pursuant 
to which the relevant rate may no longer be used to determine the payment obligations under 
the Products, or pursuant to which any such use is subject to not only immaterial restrictions or 
adverse consequences or (d) the payment obligations under the Products, or pursuant to which 
any such use is subject to not only immaterial restrictions or adverse consequences; or (e) a 
public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date 
within the following six months, cease publishing the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue

--- Page 492 ---
492 
 
 
publication of the Reference Rate); or (f) a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, that the Reference Rate has been or will be permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued; or (g) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of 
the Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or that its use will be subject to restrictions which would not allow 
its further use in respect of the Products; or (h) that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or 
registration pursuant to Article 35 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”) of any administrator previously authorised to publish the Reference Rate has 
been adopted. 
"Underlying Trading Day" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, a Business Day. 
"Underlying Valuation Date" means each of the following (a) each Coupon Observation Date, 
the Initial Fixing Date, the Underlying Initial Fixing Date, each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date, each Autocall Observation Date, each Lock-In Observation Date, each Optimal Tracker 
Observation Date, each Tracker Observation Date, each Final Fixing Averaging Date and the 
Final Fixing Date and (b) each other relevant date on which the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent 
is required under the Conditions to determine the level of a Reference Rate, in each case, 
subject to adjustment in accordance with these Reference Rate Linked Conditions.

--- Page 493 ---
493 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES (BEING 
EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM SECURITIES) WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Form of the Notes 
1. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a 
"temporary Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global 
note (a "permanent Global Note" and, together with a temporary Global Note, each a "Bearer 
Note").  
2. 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes, specified as Exchangeable Bearer Notes in the applicable Final Terms, may 
become exchangeable for Registered Notes (as described below). 
3. 
Registered Notes – Regulation S Global Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold to persons other than U.S. persons in 
offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act will initially be 
represented by a global note in registered form (a "Regulation S Global Note").  
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Registered Note Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final 
Terms to be issued in respect of Notes and issued in NGN form or to be held under the NSS (as the 
case may be), the Global Notes or the Registered Note Global Certificates will be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes or the 
Registered Note Global Certificates with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Registered Note Global Certificates which are 
not held under the NSS may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary") or registration of Registered 
Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the 
relative Registered Note Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount 
thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the 
Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the 
nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing 
system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that 
time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary or the Common Safekeeper, as 
the case may be, may also be credited to the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with 
any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other 
permitted clearing system (an "Alternative Clearing System") as the holder of a Note represented by 
a Global Note or a Registered Note Global Certificate, as the case may be, (each an “Accountholder”) 
must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the 
case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or 
the holder of the Registered Note Global Certificate, as the case may be, and in relation to all other 
rights arising under the Global Note or the Registered Note Global Certificate, subject to and in 
accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such 
Alternative Clearing System. Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of

--- Page 494 ---
494 
 
 
payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Registered 
Note Global Certificate, as the case may be, and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the Registered Note Global Certificate, as 
the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.  
Exchange 
1. 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the applicable 
Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
Each temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable 
for Registered Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any permanent Global 
Note or Definitive Notes for which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will 
also be exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Notes only. 
2. 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided below, in part for Definitive Notes or, in 
the case of paragraph (iii) below, Registered Notes: 
(i) 
unless principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the Issuer giving 
notice to the Noteholders and the Fiscal Agent of its intention to effect such exchange; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that such Global Note is exchangeable at the 
request of the holder, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for 
such exchange; 
(iii) 
if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving 
notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global 
Note for Registered Notes; and 
(iv) 
otherwise, (1) if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact does so, (2) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid, or assets 
in respect of any Notes are not delivered, when due by the holder giving notice to the 
Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange or (3) in such circumstances as are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The exchange of a permanent bearer Global Note for definitive Bearer Notes upon notice from 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder) or at any 
time at the request of the Issuer should not be expressed to be applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms if the Bearer Notes are issued with a minimum Specified Denomination such as 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) plus one or more higher integral multiples of 
another smaller amount such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). Furthermore, 
such Specified Denomination construction is not permitted in relation to any issue of Bearer 
Notes which is to be represented on issue by a temporary bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for definitive Notes. 
3. 
Registered Note Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Registered Note 
Global Certificate on issue, transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Registered 
Note Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2(b) (Transfer of Registered Notes) may only be 
made in part: 
(i) 
if the Notes represented by the Registered Note Global Certificate are held on behalf 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any 
such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid, or assets in respect of any Notes are not 
delivered, when due; or

--- Page 495 ---
495 
 
 
(iii) 
in such circumstances as are specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iv) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii) 
above, the registered holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days' notice at its specified 
office of the registered holder's intention to effect such transfer. 
4. 
Partial Exchange of permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of 
that clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one 
or more occasions (1) for Registered Notes if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable 
Bearer Note and the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes, or 
(2) for Definitive Notes (i) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid, or assets in respect of 
any Notes are not delivered, when due or (ii) if so provided in, and in accordance with, the 
Conditions (which will be set out in the applicable Final Terms) relating to partly-Paid Notes. 
5. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note 
may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for 
endorsement to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part 
thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an 
aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note 
that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the 
endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes and/or 
Registered Note Certificates, as the case may be, or if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer 
will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant 
clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Notes" means, in relation to any Global 
Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, 
having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or instalment amounts 
that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be 
security printed and Registered Note Certificates will be printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the 
Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the 
Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder 
together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
6. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry 
of 40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less 
than 60 days, or in the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of 
failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days after that on which the notice 
requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing 
system is located. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Registered Note Global Certificates 
contain provisions that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the 
terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain 
of those provisions: 
7. 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless 
exchange for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes 
is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in 
compliance with the D Rulesbefore the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation 
of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. 
All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN form, will be made

--- Page 496 ---
496 
 
 
against presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of 
the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other 
Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global 
Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, which 
endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the 
Notes. For so long as Notes are represented by a Global Certificate, notwithstanding the 
provisions of Condition 7(b)(ii), each payment will be made to, or to the order of, the person 
whose name is entered in the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System 
Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment (the "Record Date"), where "Clearing 
System Business Day" means Monday to Friday inclusive except 1 January and 25 
December. If the Global Note is a NGN or if the Registered Note Global Certificate is held under 
the NSS, the Issuer shall procure the details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in 
the records of the relevant clearing system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal 
amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented 
by the Global Note or the Registered Note Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. 
Payments under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the 
Issuer's obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the 
relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For so long as Notes are represented 
by a Global Note, relevant Conditons are modified with the effect that "business day" means 
a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for business in the relevant additional financial centre and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than EUR) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in EUR) on a day on which the TARGET System is operating. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note 
will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
9. 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Registered Note Global 
Certificate shall (unless such permanent Global Note or Registered Note Global Certificate 
represents only one Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum 
requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a permanent 
Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect of each minimum Specified 
Denomination of Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged. (All holders of 
Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each Note comprising such Noteholder's 
holding, whether or not represented by a Registered Note Global Certificate). 
10. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
nominal amount of the relevant permanent Global Note. 
11. 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of 
its subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of 
interest and Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon. 
12. 
Issuer's Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the 
Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes 
drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall 
be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not

--- Page 497 ---
497 
 
 
all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of 
the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
Euroclear France (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
Euroclear, France as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion 
or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
13. 
Noteholders' Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent 
Global Note giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of 
Notes with a Paying Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice 
available from any Paying Agent, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the 
serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been exercised, and stating the 
nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same time, 
where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the permanent Global Note to the Fiscal 
Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the Global 
Note is a NGN or where the Registered Note Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the 
relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will 
be reduced accordingly.  
14. 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition 
to the circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing 
systems and upon any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal 
amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
15. 
Direct Rights 
In the event that (a) repayment or delivery under a Global Note (or any part of it) has become 
due in accordance with the Conditions or that the maturity date of the Notes has occurred and, 
in either case, payment in full of the amount or delivery of the assets has not been made to the 
bearer or registered holder, as applicable, or (b) following an Exchange Event, the Global Note 
is not duly exchanged for definitive Notes by the day provided in the Global Note, then from 
8.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such day each Accountholder will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer and the bearer or registered holder, as applicable will have no further 
rights under the Global Note.  
16. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf 
of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in 
substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to 
the holder of the Global Note except that so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also 
be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or shall be 
published with the general terms and conditions of Deutsche Börse AG (in case of the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange) or as otherwise required by the rules of that exchange.

--- Page 498 ---
498 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE WARRANTS (BEING 
EUROCLEAR/CLEARSTREAM SECURITIES) WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Warrants 
Global Warrants (being, for the avoidance of doubt, Warrants governed by the Separate 
Warrant Conditions) will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a 
Common Depositary. 
Upon the initial deposit of a Global Warrant with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Warrants equal to the nominal amount thereof for which 
it has subscribed and paid. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the 
nominal amount of Warrants represented by the Global Warrant and a statement issued by such 
clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system 
at that time. 
Warrants that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable Final Terms) other clearing systems through 
direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing 
systems. Conversely, Warrants that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly 
be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing 
systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other 
permitted clearing system (an "Alternative Clearing System") as the holder of a Warrant represented 
by a Global Warrant must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer 
of such Global Warrant. Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments due on the Warrants for so long as the Warrants are represented by such Global Warrant 
and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Warrant 
in respect of each amount so paid.  
Exchange 
1. 
Global Warrants 
Warrants initially represented by a Global Warrant will be represented by a permanent Global 
Warrant. Each permanent Global Warrant will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, 
on or after its Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided below, in part for Definitive 
Warrants: 
(i) 
unless principal in respect of any Warrants is not paid when due, by the Issuer giving 
notice to the Warrantholders and the Fiscal Agent of its intention to effect such 
exchange; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, (1) if the permanent Global Warrant is held on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact does so or (2) if principal in respect of any Warrants is not paid when 
due by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange.  
2. 
Delivery of Warrants 
On or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Warrant may surrender such 
Global Warrant. In exchange for any Global Warrant, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the 
delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive 
Warrants. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Warrants" means, in relation to any Global 
Warrant, the definitive Bearer Warrants for which such Global Warrant may be exchanged. 
Definitive Warrants will be security printed in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules 
to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Warrant, the Issuer 
will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together 
with the relevant Definitive Warrants.

--- Page 499 ---
499 
 
 
3. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means a day falling not less than 60 days, or in the case of failure to pay 
principal in respect of any Warrants when due 30 days after that on which the notice requiring 
exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified 
office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is 
located. 
Amendment to the Separate Warrant Conditions 
The Global Warrants contain provisions that apply to the Warrants that they represent, some 
of which modify the effect of the Separate Warrant Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus. The 
following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
4. 
Exercise procedures 
Subject to the Separate Warrant Conditions and to prior termination of the Warrants as provided 
in the Separate Warrant Conditions, Warrants may be exercised by a Warrantholder (at his own 
expense) at such time and on such day(s) as provided in the Separate Warrant Conditions by 
delivery of a duly completed and signed Exercise Notice to (i) the relevant Clearance System 
and (ii) the Issuer. 
The bearer of the Global Warrant must, within the period specified therein for the deposit of the 
relevant Warrant and exercise notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Issuer and/or 
such other person as is specified in the applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms specifying 
the nominal amount or number of Warrants being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable 
and may not be withdrawn. 
Subject to the Separate Warrant Conditions, any Exercise Notice delivered after 10.00 a.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on the relevant Exercise Date or the relevant Business Day during the 
Exercise Period, as the case may be, shall: (a) in the case of “European Style Warrants”, be 
void and (b) in the case of “American Style Warrants”, be deemed to have been delivered on 
the next following day on which such Warrants are exercisable (unless no such day occurs on 
or prior to the Final Exercise Date, in which case that Exercise Notice shall be void). 
Form of Exercise Notice: Each Exercise Notice shall be in the form (for the time being current) 
available from the Issuer and must: 
(i) 
specify the name, address, telephone and facsimile details of the Warrantholder in 
respect of the Warrants being exercised; 
(ii) 
specify the number of Warrants being exercised (which must not be less than the 
Minimum Exercise Number);  
(iii) 
include an irrevocable undertaking to pay any applicable stamp duty, stamp duty 
reserve tax and/or other similar taxes or duties due by reason of the exercise of 
Warrants by such Warrantholder and an authorisation to the Issuer to deduct any such 
taxes or duties from the Cash Settlement Amount or Early Cancellation Amount, as the 
case may be, or any other amount payable by the Issuer to the Warrantholder in 
connection with the exercise of such Warrants (such taxes, duties or other amount 
payable, the "Warrantholder Expenses") and/or to debit a specified account of the 
Warrantholder at the relevant Clearance System in respect of such Warrantholder 
Expenses; 
(iv) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's account at the relevant Clearance System 
to be debited with the Warrants being exercised and irrevocably instruct, or, as the 
case may be, confirm that the Warrantholder has irrevocably instructed, the relevant 
Clearance System to debit the Warrantholder's account with the Warrants being 
exercised and credit the same to the account of the Issuer; 
(v) 
in the case of Physical Settlement, specify the number of the Warrantholder's account 
at the relevant Clearance System to be debited on the Exercise Date with the 
aggregate amount of the Exercise Prices in respect of the Warrants being exercised 
(together with any other amounts payable);  
(vi) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's account at the relevant Clearance System 
to be credited with any Cash Settlement Amount and any Early Cancellation Amount 
and any dividends payable pursuant to the Separate Warrant Conditions;

--- Page 500 ---
500 
 
 
(vii) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's account at the relevant Clearance System 
to be credited with the Share Amount deliverable pursuant to the Separate Warrant 
Conditions;  
(viii) 
certify that such Warrants are not being exercised by or on behalf of any U.S. persons 
(as defined in such Exercise Notice), that payment or delivery with respect to duly 
exercised Warrants will not be made to, or for the account of, a U.S. person (as defined 
in such Exercise Notice) and that none of such Warrants, or interests therein, was 
purchased or obtained, directly or indirectly, by the holder in the United States; and  
(ix) 
authorise the production of such certification in applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings.  
Verification of Warrantholder 
To exercise Warrants, the Warrantholder thereof must duly complete an Exercise Notice. The 
relevant Clearance System shall, in accordance with its normal operating procedures, verify that each 
person exercising Warrants is the Warrantholder thereof according to the records of such Clearance 
System and that such Warrantholder has an account at the relevant Clearance System which contains 
Warrants in an amount being exercised and funds equal to any applicable Warrantholder Expenses in 
respect of the Warrants being exercised. 
If, in the determination of the relevant Clearance System or the Issuer: 
(i) 
the Exercise Notice is not complete or not in proper form; 
(ii) 
the person submitting an Exercise Notice is not validly entitled to exercise the relevant 
Warrants or not validly entitled to deliver such Exercise Notice; or 
(iii) 
sufficient Warrants or sufficient funds equal to any applicable Warrantholder Expenses 
or Exercise Price(s) are not available in the specified account(s) with the relevant 
Clearance System on the Exercise Date, 
that Exercise Notice will be treated as void and a new duly completed Exercise Notice must be 
submitted if exercise of the Warrantholder's Warrants is still desired. 
Any determination by the relevant Clearance System or the Issuer as to any of the matters set 
out above shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the 
Warrantholder and the beneficial owner of the Warrants exercised. 
Notification to the Issuer and Common Depositary 
Subject to the verification set out above, the relevant Clearance System will: 
(i) 
confirm to the Issuer the number of Warrants being exercised and the number of the 
account(s) to be credited with the Cash Settlement Amount, Early Cancellation Amount 
and the Share Amount, as the case may be; and 
(ii) 
promptly notify the Common Depositary of receipt of the Exercise Notice and the 
number of the Warrants to be exercised. 
Upon exercise of part of the Global Warrant, the Common Depositary will note such exercise 
on the Schedule to the Global Warrant and the number of Warrants so exercised as represented by the 
Global Warrant shall be cancelled pro tanto. 
Effect of Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election and undertaking by the 
Warrantholder to exercise the Warrants specified therein, provided that the person exercising and 
delivering such Exercise Notice is the person then appearing in the records of the relevant Clearance 
System as the holder of the relevant Warrants. If the person exercising and delivering the Exercise 
Notice is not the person so appearing, such Exercise Notice shall for all purposes become void and 
shall be deemed not to have been so delivered. 
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice (other than an Exercise Notice which shall become 
void) by a Warrantholder, such Warrantholder shall not be permitted to transfer either legal or beneficial 
ownership of the Warrants exercised thereby. Notwithstanding this, if any Warrantholder does so 
transfer or attempt to transfer such Warrants, the Warrantholder will be liable to the Issuer for any 
losses, costs and expenses suffered or incurred by the Issuer including those suffered or incurred as a 
consequence of it having terminated any related hedging operations in reliance on the relevant Exercise

--- Page 501 ---
501 
 
 
Notice and subsequently: (i) entering into replacement hedging operations in respect of such Warrants; 
or (ii) paying any amount on the subsequent exercise of such Warrants without having entered into any 
replacement hedging operations. 
5. 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Warrant unless 
exchange for Definitive Warrants is improperly withheld or refused. All payments in respect of 
Warrants represented by a Global Warrant will be made against presentation for endorsement 
and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Warrants, surrender of that Global 
Warrant to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been 
notified to the Warrantholders for such purpose. A record of each payment so made will be 
endorsed on each Global Warrant, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such 
payment has been made in respect of the Warrants.  
6. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Warrants that are represented by a permanent Global 
Warrant will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the 
case of principal) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in the Separate Warrant 
Conditions). 
7. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Warrant represented by a permanent Global Warrant that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the 
nominal amount of the relevant permanent Global Warrant. 
8. 
Notices 
So long as any Warrants are represented by a Global Warrant and such Global Warrant is held 
on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Warrants of that Series may be given 
by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled 
accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the 
relevant notice to the holder of the Global Warrant except that so long as the Warrants are 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so 
require, notices shall also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) or shall be published with the general terms and conditions of Deutsche Börse 
AG (in case of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange) or as otherwise required by the rules of that 
exchange.

--- Page 502 ---
502 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS (BEING SIX SIS 
SECURITIES) WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
 
Issue and Status of SIX SIS Securities  
SIX SIS Securities are issued in the form of a permanent global note (in the case of Notes),  a permanent 
global certificate (in the case of Certificates) or a permanent global warrant (in the case of Warrants) 
governed by Luxembourg law (each a "SIX SIS Securities Permanent Global Security"). 
The SIX SIS Securities Permanent Global Security shall be deposited by the Paying Agent with SIS. 
Once the SIX SIS Securities Permanent Global Security is deposited with SIS, by crediting the 
respective SIX SIS Securities to a securities account (Effektenkonto) of an account holder with SIS, 
intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) (the "Intermediated Securities") pursuant to the Swiss Federal 
Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) of 3 October 2008 ("FISA") are created. 
Intermediated Securities may only be transferred by way of crediting the respective SIX SIS Securities 
to, and debiting the respective SIX SIS Securities from, a securities account (Effektenkonto) held with 
a custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) pursuant to the rules of the FISA. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Investors of SIX SIS Securities shall at any time have the right to effect or 
demand the conversion of the SIX SIS Securities Permanent Global Security into, or the delivery of, 
uncertificated securities or certificated securities.  
However, the Paying Agent of the SIX SIS Securities shall have the right to effect the conversion of the 
SIX SIS Securities Permanent Global Security into certificated securities if it determines this to be 
necessary or useful. Certificated securities may be printed in whole but not in part. Should the Paying 
Agent decide to do so, it will provide for the printing of certificated securities without cost to the Investors.  
In respect of SIX SIS Securities, each Investor shall have a proportionate co-ownership interest 
(Miteigentumsanteil) in the SIX SIS Securities Permanent Global Security to the extent of such 
Investor's claim against the Issuer, provided that for so long as the SIX SIS Securities Permanent Global 
Security remains deposited with SIS, the co-ownership interest shall be suspended and the Products 
may only be transferred by entry of the transferred Products in a securities account of the transferee, 
as set out in the provisions of the FISA. 
Holders of SIX SIS Securities 
The records of SIS will determine the number of Products held through each participant in SIS. The 
holder and legal owner of SIX SIS Securities constituting Intermediated Securities will be the person 
holding them in a securities account (Effektenkonto) in their own name and for their own account with 
their custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) in accordance with the terms of the FISA (and, in respect of SIX 
SIS Securities, the expression "Investor" as used herein shall be construed accordingly). The records 
of a custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) determine the number of SIX SIS Securities held by an Investor and 
the FISA grants each Investor the right to ask the custodian (Verwahrungsstelle) for information about 
Intermediated Securities that are credited to its account.

--- Page 503 ---
503 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Products and Warrants will be applied by the Issuer for 
its general corporate purposes, which include making a profit. If, in respect of an issue of Products 
and/or Warrants which are derivative securities, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will 
be stated in the applicable Final Terms for the Products (or applicable Separate Warrant Final Terms).

--- Page 504 ---
504 
 
 
BANQUE INTERNATIONALE À LUXEMBOURG, SOCIÉTÉ ANONYME  
Founded in 1856, Banque Internationale à Luxembourg ("BIL", the "Bank" or the "Issuer") is 
the oldest multi-business bank in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. It has always played an active role 
in the development of Luxembourg’s economy and issued its first banknotes in the very year of its 
creation. The bank offers retail, private, corporate and institutional banking as well as treasury and 
financial market services. 
BIL employs approximately 2,000 people in total in its offices in Luxembourg, Switzerland (since 
1985), and China (since 2019). Its specialised entities BIL Lease, Belair House and BIL Manage Invest 
offer a full range of services for investors and professionals. 
Through its national and international network, BIL offers bespoke and innovative financial 
services to meet the specific needs of a broad client base. These services help client wealth and 
businesses to flourish and support financial professionals in developing their activities.  
Introduction 
BIL was incorporated in Luxembourg on 8 March 1856 in the form of a public limited liability 
company (société anonyme), governed by Luxembourg law. Its registered office is located at 69, route 
d'Esch, Luxembourg, L-1470 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and its telephone number is 
+352 45901. BIL is registered in the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies (Registre de 
commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B6307. The website of the Issuer is 
www.bil.com. A section dedicated to investors is available under www.bil.com/en/bil-group/investor-
relations/Pages/index.aspx.   
BIL's duration is unlimited. 
Objects 
BIL's articles of incorporation (statuts) were approved by the Royal Grand -Ducal Decrees of 8 
March and 14 April 1856 and have been amended from time to time. Amendments to the articles of 
incorporation are published in the Mémorial C, Recueil des Sociétés et Associations and, as from 1st 
June 2016, in the central electronic platform of official publication for companies and associations 
(Recueil électronique des sociétés et associations) only. The most recent amendment was made on 16 
December 2019 (the "BIL Articles").  
According to the corporate object as set out in article 4 of the BIL Articles, the  objectives of BIL 
are to undertake all banking and financial operations of whatsoever kind, and, inter alia, to accept 
deposits from the public or any other persons or institutions and to grant credit for its own account. It 
may also undertake all activities reserved for investment firms and to other professionals in the financial 
sector and all financial, administrative, management and advisory operations directly or indirectly 
related to its activities. It may establish subsidiaries, branches and agencies in or outside Luxembourg 
and participate in all financial, commercial and industrial operations. 
Principal Activities 
BIL provides a broad range of services to meet the needs of its clients, including: 
Retail & Digital Banking 
Retail and affluent clients have access to a network of branches throughout Luxembourg to meet 
all their banking, financing, saving and investment needs. In addition to products and services available 
in the branches, BILnet provides a 24/7 efficient and secure online and mobile banking solution. 
Private Banking 
BIL helps private banking clients to manage and structure their wealth, offering services to its 
European and international clientele via its centres in Luxembourg, Switzerland and China. Clients can 
access a range of services and support, including custody services and cash management, financial 
products, investment advisory tools, reporting, execution and technology platforms. 
Corporate & Institutional Banking 
BIL assists companies of all sizes, financial institutions and the public sector and provides a 
comprehensive range of banking services and advice, including customised solutions via a responsive 
organisation with local decision-making centres.  
Financial Markets

--- Page 505 ---
505 
 
 
BIL offers a comprehensive range of professional treasury and financial market products and 
services, including structured products, warrants and investment funds. These services meet the needs 
of a diverse client base including banks, insurance firms, large corporations and multinationals, state 
institutions, asset managers and investment funds. In-house trading floors in Luxembourg and Zurich 
handle financial market transactions for all business areas of the bank. 
Insurance 
BIL is a licenced insurance broker and offers its clients and partners a broad range of solutions, such 
as life insurance, pension schemes and retirement savings. 
Origins and history 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, the first public limited liability bank in Luxembourg, was 
founded on 8 March 1856, to provide financing for the railways and the iron and steel industry of a 
country that was at that time predominantly agricultural. The same year, it issued its first banknotes and 
was one of the few private establishments to retain this privilege until the introduction of the euro. In 
October 1989 BIL moved into its newly-built headquarters on route d'Esch in Luxembourg-City. To 
commemorate the 150th anniversary of the independence of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the 
building was named "L'Indépendance". 
In July 1985 the Bank commenced its private banking activities in Switzerland. 
2018 
In 2018, BIL significantly extended its client offering with the launch of 12 in-house investment 
funds. The BIL Invest fund range, which comes in addition to six existing funds, offers clients a gateway 
to a range of investment strategies covering various asset classes across the globe. With the help of a 
dedicated Relationship Manager, clients can hand-pick the funds which best suit their preferences and 
expectations. This combination of funds can serve as the backbone of a diversified portfolio. 
A key digitalisation milestone was met in April when BIL became the first Luxembourg bank to 
offer entirely online account opening from a smartphone or tablet in a matter of minutes via its new app. 
By answering a few questions, prospects can be identified during a webcam session, and the process 
ends with the electronic signature of the banking contract and the issuance of an IBAN number. 
Luxembourg implemented Directive (UE) 2017/2399 amending Directive 2014/59/EU (the 
"BRRD") as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy by the 
Luxembourg law of 25 July, 2018 amending, among others, the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 
on the failure of credit institutions and certain investment firms. In September 2018, BIL successfully 
launched the first senior non-preferred transaction in Luxembourg. The operation created the required 
debt cushion under the BRRD and, at the same time, strengthened BIL’s ratings. 
2019 
Throughout 2019, BIL continued to support innovative companies in Luxembourg. In April, the 
InnovFin guarantee agreement that was signed by the European Investment Fund and BIL in 2015 was 
extended to allow BIL to expand its lending to innovative Luxembourgish small and medium-sized 
businesses and small mid-caps. In another move to boost lending to entrepreneurs, BIL signed a 
framework agreement with Office du Ducroire ("ODL") aimed at increasing lending to Luxembourgish 
companies to boost their international trade. This is the first agreement of its kind between ODL and a 
bank. ODL is a public institution that provides financial support to Luxembourgish companies to help 
cover their promotion and exhibition costs. ODL also offers them insurance solutions for international 
trade and investment risks. 
Legend Holdings and BIL intensified their cooperation after the launch of the private equity fund 
“BIL PE I” in collaboration with BIL and Legend Capital. Wealth management remains a key factor in 
the development of BIL’s China strategy, and in early 2019, two dedicated wealth management China 
desks were opened in Luxembourg and Switzerland. In September 2019, BIL became the first 
Luxembourgish Bank to open a Representative Office in Beijing, China.  
2019 saw further enhancements of BIL’s digital and payment solutions. Following the rollout of 
fully mobile onboarding solutions for new clients in 2018, desktop onboarding was enabled in 2019 with 
an ID now identification via mobile phone.  
On 16 December 2019, BIL announced a capital increase of EUR 58 million to support the 
growth of its local commercial activities and its international business. The new shares were issued to 
existing shareholders of the Bank in proportion to the capital represented by their shares. Also in 2019,

--- Page 506 ---
506 
 
 
BIL divested its holding in Red Sky S.A. which held the “Terres Rouges” real estate complex in Esch-
Belval, in the interest of business simplification. 
 
2020 
Throughout 2020, BIL continued to invest and strengthen its investment capabilities, enhancing 
its reputation as an entrepreneur-friendly bank as well as an asset manager and trusted advisor.  
Despite a difficult macroeconomic environment, BIL defended its strong core domestic market 
share thanks to organic growth in all business areas. The Bank continued to execute its strategic plan 
launched in 2019, focusing on customers and markets where BIL has a strong right to win. Growing its 
brand domestically and internationally together with the further development of its client offering remains 
a top priority for BIL. 
In Luxembourg, as the country faced an unprecedented health crisis, BIL committed to support 
the national economy and its businesses and worked together with the Luxembourg state and other 
Luxembourgish banks. In March 2020, BIL introduced its new footprint concept and optimised the multi-
channel nature of its distribution strategy to address shifting client behaviours and the increasing use 
of digital services. 
 
At an international level the Bank expanded its wealth management services distribution footprint. 
On 5 February 2020, BIL acquired 100% of Sino Suisse Financial Group (Hong Kong) Limited. Founded 
in 2017, Sino Suisse Financial Group (Hong Kong) Limited is an external wealth management firm 
based in Hong Kong, which provides financial advice to high-net-worth individuals, entrepreneurs and 
their families. Sino Suisse Financial Group (Hong Kong) Limited was renamed BIL Wealth Management 
Ltd. The new entity provides financial advice and manages clients’ assets with an open architecture 
concept through BIL Luxembourg, BIL Suisse and other partner banks.  
 
Following the launch over the past few years of BIL’s own UCITS fund suite under the brand 
name BIL Invest, in January, 2020, BIL Manage Invest took over the fund and portfolio management 
for four BIL Invest Patrimonial funds and the brokerage function. The takeover of the management 
company function of BIL Invest represented another important step in the continuous growth of BIL 
Manage Invest. With the implementation of the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR), all 
BIL investment products and services processes have been upgraded with the implementation of an 
exclusion policy and a systematic ESG integration. Four compartments of our BIL Invest Sicav (BIL 
Invest Patrimonial range) are compliant and eligible with SFDR Art 8 principles. 
 
2020 saw further enhancements of BIL’s digital and payment solutions. In early 2020, the Bank 
launched Apple Pay services which enables its clients to pay with an Apple device that is linked to their 
BIL credit or debit cards. BIL also launched a fully digital car leasing service in cooperation with ALD 
Automotive Luxembourg which offers operating lease agreements for a wide selection of customisable 
vehicles.  
 
BIL was also the first in Luxembourg to offer instant payments allowing clients to transfer euros 
in less than 10 seconds. Initially only available for transfers from and to accounts held with BIL. In 
September 2020, the service was extended to and from banks in the SEPA. 
During on-site inspections in 2017 and 2018, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (CSSF) identified certain weaknesses in the processes that were in place at that time in the 
Bank to fight against money laundering and terrorist financing, concerning a limited segment of 
customers. As a result, the CSSF decided to impose an administrative sanction of EUR 4.6 million in 
March 2020, which is proportional to the Bank’s turnover. No money laundering or terrorism financing 
activities were identified during these on-site inspections. Prior to this administrative sanction, BIL had 
already taken appropriate measures to remediate the identified weaknesses. The Bank has since 
defined a new and strict AML Risk Appetite Statement and related Wealth Management Compliance 
Guiding Principles, recruited additional compliance specialists and increased AML/CTF training and 
awareness. Compliance tools, i.e. the AML scoring engine, were promptly upgraded and implemented 
and the remediation plan is still ongoing. 
 
2021  
Major milestones were reached in 2021.The Bank adapted its governance to reflect its strategic 
priorities and ensure optimal execution. All commercial activities in Luxembourg were placed under one

--- Page 507 ---
507 
 
 
management and a transformation office was created, placing the development and delivery of its new 
core banking system as a top priority.  
The Bank further adapted its international business network to be in line with priorities and 
continued to focus its commercial reach on markets where it has the knowledge and expertise to deliver 
added value to its clients. BIL further developed its two main centres of excellence, Luxembourg and 
Switzerland and continued to build its activities in China (Beijing, Hong Kong and the Greater Bay Area) 
to serve its international clientele while closing other locations. 
In 2021, BIL announced the sale of BIL Fund and Corporate Services S.A. (BFCS). The 
transaction, pursuant to the Sales and Purchase Agreement (SPA) signed on 23 March 2021 between 
BIL and the buyer, ZEDRA  closed on 15 March 2022. As the Bank pursued greater focus on selected 
countries, it also transferred its BIL Denmark branch business activity to RingkjØbing Landbobank on 
1 July 2021 and centralised its Middle East market desk in Switzerland, closing its Dubai branch on 23 
October 2021. 
In June 2021, BIL officially joined Leonteq’s structured products platform as a result of the 
partnership between BIL and Leonteq that was initiated in July 2020 for the issuance and distribution 
of structured investment products. This platform provides BIL with a broad range of services along the 
entire value chain and greatly advances the Bank’s structured product offering, capabilities, efficiency 
and its visibility across key international markets, therefore enhancing access to a broader base of 
qualified investors. 
In Luxembourg, BIL continued to roll out its omnichannel distribution combining an optimised 
branch network for in-person service, trained its client advisors for greater specialisation, strengthened 
its call centre services and enhanced digital services available on its BILnet online banking platform. 
The Bank invested in its branch network to adapt its footprint and ensure the right balance between 
efficiency and proximity. A complete overhaul of its daily banking packages was also conducted 
simplifying its service offering in preparation for the implementation of its new operating systems. 
BIL is one of the few banks in Luxembourg to have developed syndicated loan activity by 
positioning itself on the growing market niche of loans of less than EUR 200 million. BIL arranges about 
ten large syndicated lending facilities and other complex financial structuring operations per year. 
 
2022 and outlook  
 
BIL Group is closely monitoring the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. From a risk 
management perspective, BIL’s exposure to Russia remains relatively small. The direct impacts of the 
conflict on the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements are limited. Credit exposure towards Russia 
reaches 0.3% of total exposures as of 31 December 2021. All exposures are well collateralised and all 
collaterals are located in Western Europe. To manage the potential risk and in the best interest of 
protecting the bank, BIL has - since the beginning of the crisis - stopped business development activities 
in Russia and will maintain this status for the time being, while it follows the situation closely. 
In this challenging, yet growing economic environment, BIL continued to invest heavily to be fit 
for the future. The implementation of a new core banking system, in the final stages of development, 
additional recruitment to boost human capital, and investments in regulatory requirements led to a 6% 
increase of expenses, reaching EUR 442 million.  
Amidst this challenging environment, agility, adaptability and focus will remain paramount. BIL 
Group will continue the roll out of its strategy, accelerate the execution of major projects that will be 
defining for the bank of tomorrow.  
 
COVID-19 pandemic  
 
In the context of the uncertain evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic during 2021, the Bank 
continued to adapt its working environment by maintaining accessibility to remote working for 
employees and by continuing to broaden its digital offer to serve clients. 
In view of the gradual improvement of the economic situation, the State-backed guaranteed 
loan scheme introduced in April 2020 and twice extended came to an end on 31 December 2021. At its 
launch, EUR 2.5 billion were earmarked for the scheme, that foresaw a State guarantee for 85% and a 
guarantee by the participating banks of 15% of the credit line. BIL was a participating bank in this 
scheme with an envelope of EUR 470 million to be used for business loans.  
As at 31 December 2021, the total amount of loans granted under the scheme in Luxembourg 
is equivalent to EUR 194 million in which BIL was a significant participating bank (25%) to support the 
Luxembourg economy.

--- Page 508 ---
508 
 
 
In the last quarter of 2021, with an increase in cases, the occurrence of a new variant (Omicron), 
and renewed restrictions, the separate State support scheme set up for companies in the hospitality, 
events, culture and entertainment sectors, was extended until the end of the year 2021. However, 
companies belonging to crisis-stricken sectors, sectors impacted by the pandemic or encountering 
economic or structural difficulties are granted further relief throughout the first half of 2022. 
 
Moratoria Credits 
As one of the major banks in Luxembourg, BIL strongly supported Government and Central 
Bank actions by making financing facilities available to clients affected by the crisis. In this context, 
moratoria granted in response to the pandemic peaked at over EUR 1 billion in June 2020. As at 31 
December 2021, the moratoria granted in response to the pandemic have all expired. With regard to 
expired moratoria, it should be noted that in the overwhelming majority of cases (98% of outstanding), 
clients were able to resume the normal course of their contractual payments and this shows no sign of 
weakening despite the end of most Government support measures in most sectors. 
 
Major Exposures  
The Bank maintains strong vigilance on its main sectoral risk areas. No marked concentration 
has been noted in 2021, with the exception of the Luxembourg real estate market (mainly residential) 
which is closely monitored and to date shows no signs of slowing or weakness. 
BIL is not significantly exposed to sensitive sectors such as airlines, oil and gas or the hotel 
industry, with the exception of very limited files which are very well collateralised. Its main risk sensitive 
sectors are the automotive sector (which covers a great diversity of players: manufacturers, equipment 
manufacturers and automobile dealerships) and the “HORECA” (Hotels, Restaurants and Cafés) sector 
in Luxembourg. Credit exposures in both of these sectors, are well-spread and together with the 
guarantees held, largely limit the final risks. 
 
The Bank has endeavoured to strengthen its presence with its most potentially vulnerable 
clients by launching two outreach programmes designed to pre-empt any difficulties and, if necessary, 
take corrective measures as early as possible. In June 2021, BIL launched a questionnaire aimed at  
customers in sectors of activity deemed to be heavily impacted by the pandemic. More recently, in 
December 2021, a second outreach programme was carried out, with customers potentially impacted 
by the rise in energy and commodity prices. 
 
Commercial Activities 
Commercial activities, although, somewhat impacted by the pandemic in early 2021 have since 
demonstrated a considerable recovery. As at 31 December 2021 commercial activities’ loans increased 
by +6.1% compared to 31 December 2020 and Assets under Management also increased by 5% thanks 
to a positive market effect EUR 2.26 billion and Net New Assets (NNA) of EUR 0.6 billion. 
 
Expenses 
During 2021, the Bank withstood the impact of COVID-19 with EUR 0.65 million (versus EUR 
7 million in 2020) invested in the continuity of hygiene measures (cleaning and security, masks and 
hand sanitisers) to protect all employees. 
 
Cost of Risk 
BIL Group recorded net provisions on loans and advances and provisions for legal litigations of 
EUR 38 million in December 2021 compared with EUR 21 million in December 2020. Excluding the 
non-recurring items in 2020 related to the partial recovery on a legacy loan and impairment on right-of-
use assets, the core cost of risk totalled EUR 38 million in 2021 versus EUR 63 million in 2020 largely 
influenced by the effects of the health crisis.  
 
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) 
As a major bank in Luxembourg and aware of its role in contributing to balanced economic growth 
and the construction of a more sustainable and ecological economy, in 2021, BIL defined its 
SustainaBILity Strategy, which is fully integrated in the Bank’s Energise Create Together 2025 Strategy.  
 The SustainaBILity Strategy definition was based on an extensive engagement plan that has 
involved the Bank's key stakeholders, including its customers (retail, wealth and corporate), employees 
and shareholders. Four pillars of commitment and responsibility underpin the SustainaBILity Strategy, 
which will progressively guide BIL’s strategic decision-making and day-to-day management:

--- Page 509 ---
509 
 
 
• 
Sustainable governance and strategy: BIL is committed to structure the organisation to 
address ESG challenges to support the Bank’s long-term stability and growth. 
• 
Sustainable products & services: BIL is committed to develop responsible products and 
services that create value for its clients whilst supporting the global ecological and social 
transition. BIL wants to play an active role in the integration of ESG factors to catalyse the 
redirection of financial flows towards sustainable activities. 
• 
Responsible employer: as a responsible employer, BIL is committed to offer a safe and 
healthy work environment to enable its employees to develop their potential. 
• 
Positive impact: as a major financial actor in the Luxembourgish landscape, the Bank is 
committed to act for a positive impact on local economy and communities and prepare ground 
for future generations. 
 
Following the approval of the new Sustainability Strategy, more than 40 initiatives were launched 
in line with the four pillars. To make sure public commitments are translated into a business strategy, 
embedded into business-as-usual processes, and then monitored and managed across a wide range 
of departments is a real transformation programme, known internally under the “Towards Sustainability 
Programme”. The programme is led by the Head of Sustainable Development who reports, since March 
2021, directly to the Executive Committee Member in charge of the Bank’s Strategy, proof that the 
subject is an important axis in the development of the Bank. The programme brings together all the 
Bank's departments, which regularly share their experiences and progress with the Towards 
Sustainability Committee, whose status is in turn reported to the Executive Committee and Board of 
Directors. 
BIL’s priority in 2021 was to comply to new European ESG regulations starting with the European 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2088, the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (the "SFDR"). BIL 
disclosed on its website, on 10 March 2021 its Sustainable and Responsible Investment Statement, 
describing how sustainability risks are integrated into its investment decision processes via an exclusion 
list targeting individual companies and countries and by integrating ESG considerations into its 
investment products and services. BIL will now address the upcoming requirements of phase 2 of SDFR 
as well as the assessment of clients’ ESG preferences as required by the Delegated Regulations 
amending organisational requirements (including suitability assessments) under the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID II) and Insurance Distribution Directive (IDD) Delegated 
Regulations. 
The sustainable investment framework also applies to the Bank’s Investment Portfolio, where as 
at 31 December 2021, Green, Social and Sustainable bonds now account for 10.5% of the total 
Portfolio, for a total amount of EUR 800 million. 
On the risk management side, the Bank has started to implement the EU recommendations on 
the handling of ESG risks. In 2021, the focus was on defining a robust risk cartography, which will form 
the basis for further progress, mainly the definition of the Bank’s ESG risk governance, the revision of 
its risk management frameworks, including stress-testing exercises. 
In parallel with these regulatory aspects and in line with the second pillar of the strategy, BIL 
continued to work on the development of its product offering, which is an essential lever for taking action 
and having a positive impact. As at 31 December 2021, four of the BIL Invest Patrimonial sub-funds, 
promote Environmental and/or Social characteristics within the meaning of Article 8 of the SFDR and 
have obtained the Luxembourg Finance Labelling Agency (LuxFLAG) ESG label for a period of one 
year. The improvement of BIL's products and services with a view to their eligibility under Article 8 will 
remain a priority for the Bank in the coming months. In this context, the Bank is also committed to 
carrying out an ESG impact analysis of its products, which will allow the progressive evolution of the 
Bank's strategy. 
On the responsible employer side, the focus is on employee development. The year 2021 was 
the first milestone in the sustainable training pathway with priority employees trained in ESG. BIL’s 
ambition is to upskill the majority of BIL employees during 2022 by offering different ESG training 
formats. The ultimate goal is that all financial decisions at BIL should take into account climate change 
and that all BIL employees can develop their knowledge and understanding of climate change, green 
finance and sustainability as relevant to respective roles within the organisation. 
More globally, several initiatives were launched around health and well-being, with a focus on 
the management of the COVID-19 crisis with measures put in place at BIL to protect the Bank, its 
employees and its customers. In terms of social aspects, the Bank intends to be more ambitious on the 
theme of diversity and will define a dedicated action plan in 2022. Efforts will continue to raise 
awareness of the importance of these issues among all employees and to continue to train key people.

--- Page 510 ---
510 
 
 
2021 marked a turning point in BIL’s sustainability transformation. It will take some time to 
translate the public commitments into daily activities. In 2022, fulfilling regulatory requirements will 
remain a priority. In addition and to be aligned with its commitment to have impact on top of regulatory 
requirements, BIL’s ambition is to set clear quantitative targets for the implementation of this new 
strategy and its follow-up. The development of sustainable products and services to meet customer 
expectations will also be a strong focus in the coming years. 
In April 2022, BIL released a new Green Bond Framework to support its sustainable strategy 
and the transition to a low carbon economy. BIL has implemented its Green Bond Framework with a 
clear commitment to support the growth of the sustainable finance market. The Bank will now be able 
to issue green bonds, ensuring investors their funds will be used for a sustainable purpose. This will 
strengthen BIL’s sustainable strategy and have a positive impact on the local economy and 
communities. BIL will be able to issue public bonds and private placements. The net proceeds will be 
allocated exclusively to finance or refinance, in full or in part, new or existing loans and investments for 
existing or future green buildings. To be eligible, these must be located in Luxembourg, and 
demonstrate specific performances of energy efficiency, as defined in the Green Bond Framework. 
Risk Management 
 
The main objectives of the Risk Management function are to: (i) ensure that all risks are under control 
by identifying, measuring, assessing, mitigating and monitoring them on an on-going basis. Global risk 
charters, policies and procedures define the framework for controlling all types of risks by describing 
the methods and the limits defined, as well as escalation procedures; (ii) provide the Management 
Bodies (the Board of Directors, the Board Risk Committee and the Management Board) and all other 
relevant stakeholders with a comprehensive, objective and relevant overview of risks; (iii) ensure that 
the risk limits are compatible with the risk appetite framework, which defines the level of risk the Bank 
is willing to take to achieve its strategic and financial objectives - the risk teams should make sure that 
BIL’s strategy plan is compatible with the risk appetite; (iv) ensure compliance with banking regulation 
requirements by submitting regular reports to the supervisory bodies, taking part in regulatory 
discussions and analysing all new requirements related to Risk Management and (v) ensure compliance 
with banking regulation requirements by submitting regular reports to the supervisory bodies, taking 
part in regulatory discussions and analysing all new requirements related to Risk Management. 
Principal Subsidiaries  
At 1st April 2022, the Bank held a direct interest of at least 20 per cent. in the capital of the 
following undertakings:  
Name of Company 
Registered Office 
Proportion of capital 
held directly 
 
 
 
Banque 
Internationale 
à 
Luxembourg 
(Suisse) S.A 
Zurich, Switzerland 
100.00% 
Belair House S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100.00% 
 
 
 
BIL Manage Invest S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100.00% 
BIL Private Invest Management S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100.00% 
BIL Reinsurance S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100.00% 
Biltrust Limited 
St Peter Port, Guernsey 
100.00% 
BIL Wealth Management Limited  
Hong Kong SAR, China 
100.00% 
Europay Luxembourg, société coopérative 
Luxembourg 
52.20% 
IB Finance S.A.  
Luxembourg 
100.00% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Private II Wealth Management S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100.00%

--- Page 511 ---
511 
 
 
Société du 25 juillet 2013 (in liquidation) 
Paris, France 
100.00% 
Société Luxembourgeoise de Leasing - BIL 
Lease S.A.  
Luxembourg 
100.00% 
 
 
 
 
Board of Directors and Executive Committee (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) 
 
The Board of Directors has the overall responsibility for Banque Internationale à Luxembourg. 
Among its missions, the Board of Directors is responsible for setting and overseeing the overall 
business and risk strategy and policy including the risk tolerance/appetite and the risk management 
framework. The Board of Directors is assisted by four specialised committees: the Board Strategy 
Committee, the Board Risk Committee, the Board Audit and Compliance Committee and the Board 
Remuneration and Nominations Committee. 
 
The Board of Directors has delegated the daily management of BIL to the Management Board 
and the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). 
 
The overall objective of the Management Board is to lead, direct and manage BIL in order to 
achieve the strategy and the business objectives set by the Board of Directors. The Management Board 
is composed of the Management members authorised by the Supervisor and is collegially responsible 
for the effective day-to-day management of BIL and typically deciding on matters of strategic importance 
and significant impact in line with the regulatory framework. It meets on a weekly basis as an integral 
part of the Executive Committee and on an ad-hoc basis, as needed. 
 
The Executive Committee consists of the CEO and the Management Board members and the 
heads of other support and business lines. It is in charge of running BIL and meets on a weekly basis 
with a majority of Management Board members. 
 
The Management Board respectively the Executive Committee exercises its duties under the 
supervision of the Board of Directors. 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Name 
Function/responsibility 
Address 
Directorships and 
significant 
appointments outside 
of the Issuer 
Luc Frieden 
Chairman  
(Président du Conseil 
d'Administration) 
69, route d'Esch, L-1470 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg 
 
Peng Li 
Vice-Chairman 
(Vice-Président du 
Conseil 
d'Administration) 
Ke Xue Yuan Nanlu, 
Haidian District, Room 
1701, 17/F, Block 1, Court 
No. 2 Beijing, China 
CEO, Legend 
Holdings Corp. 
Marcel Leyers 
Director 
(Administrateur) 
 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Délégué à la gestion 
journalière) 
 
69, route d'Esch, L-1470 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg 
 
 
Maurice Lam 
Director 
(Administrateur) 
13a, Avenue Guillaume, L-
1651 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 512 ---
512 
 
 
 
Jing Li 
Director 
(Administrateur) 
 
10, Lintheschergasse, CH-
8001 Zurich, Switzerland 
Managing Director, 
Legend Holdings 
Corp. 
Charles Q. Li 
Director 
(Administrateur) 
 
18, Frensham Road, GU9 
8HE Farnham, Surrey, 
United Kingdom 
 
Vincent Thurmes 
Director 
(Administrateur) 
 
3, rue de la Congrégation L-
1352 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg 
Ministry of Finance 
Chris Van Aeken 
Director 
(Administrateur) 
 
89, West Heath Road, NW3 
7TN London, United 
Kingdom 
 
Pierrot Rasqué 
Director 
(Administrateur) 
 
3, rue de la Congrégation, 
L-1352 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg 
Ministry of Finance 
Michel Scharff 
Director 
(Administrateur)  
(appointed by the 
delegation of 
employees) 
69, route d'Esch, L-1470 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg 
 
Claude Steffen 
Director 
(Administrateur)  
(appointed by the 
delegation of 
employees) 
69, route d'Esch, L-1470 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg 
 
Marc Terzer 
Director 
(Administrateur)  
(appointed by the 
delegation of 
employees) 
69, route d'Esch, L-1470 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg 
 
Ashley Glover 
Director 
(Administrateur)  
(appointed by the 
delegation of 
employees) 
69, route d'Esch, L-1470 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg 
 
Executive Committee  
 
Chairman 
 
Marcel Leyers*  
 
Chief Executive Officer  
 
Members 
 
Hans-Peter Borgh 
 
Group Head International   
Xin Chen 
 
 
Head of China Market 
Olivier Gorin  
 
 
Chief Transformation Officer 
Jeffrey Dentzer* 
Chief of the Luxembourg Market and Corporate and Institutional 
Banking (CIB)  
Helmut Glemser* 
 
Chief Risk Officer 
Emilie Hoël 
 
 
Head of Wealth Management

--- Page 513 ---
513 
 
 
Bernard Mommens* 
 
Secretary General and General Counsel 
Jérôme Nèble  
 
Head of Strategy and Financial Markets  
Nico Picard* 
 
 
Chief Financial Officer 
Karin Scholtes*   
 
Global Head of People, Culture and Communication 
 
Permanent Invitees 
 
Marie Bourlond  
 
Chief Compliance Officer  
Pia Haas 
 
 
Chief Internal Auditor 
 
* Member of the Management Board (Authorised Management). 
 
Conflicts of interests 
There are no potential conflicts between any duties to BIL in relation to the persons referred to 
above and their private interest and/or other duties.  
The conflict of interests between the Directors' duties and/or the members of the Executive 
Committee’s duties to BIL and their private interests or other duties, if any, are submitted, according to 
Article 441-7 al 2 of the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, 
to the Annual General Meeting. 
The business address of each member of the Executive Committee is 69, route d'Esch, L-1470 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
 
Share capital  
As of the date of this Base Propsectus, the BIL’s total share capital is fixed at EUR 146,108,270 and is 
represented by 2,087,261 fully paid-up shares of no par value.   
 
Shareholders 
Legend Holdings Corp. holds 89.9804 per cent of the issued share capital in BIL and the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg holds a further 9.9978 per cent.  
 
Fiscal Year and Accounts 
The Bank's fiscal year corresponds to the calendar year. Since the financial year starting 1 
January 2008, the consolidated financial statements of the Bank have always been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the EU. 
 
Independent Statutory Auditors  
 The independent statutory auditors of BIL are PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, 
with their registered address at 2 rue Gerhard Mercator, L-2182 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg ("PwC"). PwC was appointed as independent statutory auditors on 13 December 2019. 
PwC has audited the consolidated and the parent company financial statements of BIL as of and for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and issued unqualified independent 
statutory auditors’ reports thereon.  
PwC is member of the Institute of Auditors (l'Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) and is 
supervised by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier. 
 
Financial Information 
Consolidated Statement of Income  
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the Issuer's audited consolidated 
statement of income for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021: 
(in EUR) 
31/12/20 (1)(2) 
31/12/21 
  
REVENUES 
548 856 869 
631 952 607 
EXPENSES 
(417 850 637) 
(442 236 522)

--- Page 514 ---
514 
 
 
GROSS OPERATING INCOME 
131 006 232 
189 716 085 
Impairments 
(21 339 646) 
(37 314 673) 
Provisions for legal litigations 
160 000 
(542 508) 
OPERATING INCOME 
109 826 586 
151 858 904 
Net income from associates 
1 878 523 
2 378 559 
NET INCOME BEFORE TAX 
111 705 109 
154 237 463 
Tax expenses 
(19 281 933) 
(24 218 381) 
NET INCOME OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
92 423 176 
130 019 082 
Discontinued operations, net of tax 
8 937 841 
5 427 169 
NET INCOME 
101 361 017 
135 446 251 
Net income - Group share 
101 361 017 
135 446 251 
 
(1) Reclassifications made in accordance with International Accounting Standard 8 - Accounting 
Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors (“IAS 8“) for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Compared to the previous consolidated statement of income, in the consolidated statement of income 
for the year ended 31 December 2021, BIL has corrected the presentation of revenues linked to 
services (IT support, internal control functions) provided by the head office to its subsidiaries or to 
external companies to which offsetting with related costs is not permitted.  
The impact of the reclassification is disclosed in the following table (corresponding notes are 
reclassified accordingly). 
 
(in EUR) 
31/12/20 
As published 
31/12/20 
After 
reclassification 
Impact of 
reclassification 
Other net income 
(8,279,962) 
(5,693,642) 
(2,586,320) 
REVENUES 
554,820,372 
557,406,692 
(2,586,320) 
 
 
 
 
Staff expenses 
(219,749,851) 
(220,723,485) 
973,634 
General and administrative expenses 
(137,795,332) 
(139,408,018) 
1,612,686 
EXPENSES 
(415,264,317) 
(417,850,637) 
2,586,320 
 
 
 
 
NET INCOME 
101,361,017 
101,361,017 
- 
 
(2) On 23 June 2021, BIL signed a Business Transfer Agreement with Ringkjøbing Landbobank for the 
transfer of the BIL Denmark branch business. All the business activity (off-balance sheet Assets under 
Management, loans and deposits) was transferred to the counterparty on 1 July 2021 and the 
transaction was closed. BIL Denmark activities were classified as a disposal group meeting the 
definition of discontinued operations under IFRS 5 “Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued 
Operations” as from 30 June 2021. 
As at 31 December 2021, BIL has successfully terminated the operational transfer of all clients’ assets 
and loans. The Bank plans to close the Danish branch during 2022. 
 
(in EUR) 
31/12/20 
As published 
31/12/20 
After 
reclassification 
Reclassified as 
discontinued 
operations 
Interest and similar income 
526,243,033 
524,055,699 
 2,187,336  
Interest and similar expenses 
(215,822,894) 
(215,764,278) 
(58,616)  
Fee and commission income 
260,582,861 
253,910,705 
 6,672,155  
Fee and commission expenses 
(45,338,965) 
(45,087,914) 
(251,051)  
Impairment 
(20,951,628) 
(21,339,646) 
388,017

--- Page 515 ---
515 
 
 
Discontinued operations, net of 
tax 
 
 
8,937,841 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet: 
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the Issuer's audited consolidated balance 
sheet as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021: 
 
ASSETS 
31/12/20 
31/12/21 
(in EUR) 
Cash, balances with central banks and demand deposits 
4 245 324 853 
5 989 034 370 
Financial assets held for trading 
55 716 122 
24 469 219 
Financial investments measured at fair value 
1 129 363 614 
1 138 003 882 
Financial investments at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
1 108 358 280 
1 093 443 120 
Non-trading financial investments mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss 
21 005 334 
44 560 762 
Loans and advances to credit institutions 
1 105 696 451 
737 231 429 
Loans and advances to customers 
15 412 310 898 16 346 232 744 
Financial investments measured at amortised cost 
7 685 128 526 
7 383 330 597 
Derivatives 
235 263 017 
131 527 726 
Fair value revaluation of portfolios hedged against interest rate risk 
191 221 
93 194 
Investments in associates 
28 635 871 
676 682 
Investment property 
23 405 067 
30 975 736 
Property, plant and equipment 
113 840 658 
107 570 001 
Intangible fixed assets and goodwill 
255 721 393 
305 857 276 
Current tax assets 
1 524 745 
996 264 
Deferred tax assets 
183 982 345 
163 256 912 
Other assets 
81 161 194 
86 459 608 
TOTAL ASSETS 
30 557 265 975 32 445 715 640 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
31/12/20 
31/12/21 
(in EUR) 
Amounts due to credit institutions 
4 172 955 910 
4 103 871 221 
Amounts due to customers 
19 773 966 458 
20 688 150 882 
Other financial liabilities 
27 932 339 
22 757 968 
Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss 
934 551 568 
1 467 315 688 
Liabilities designated at fair value 
934 551 568 
1 467 315 688 
Derivatives 
642 789 763 
350 859 788 
Fair value revaluation of portfolios hedged against interest rate risk   
2 433 523 
70 504 
Debt securities 
2 783 103 377 
3 200 417 795 
Subordinated debts 
130 620 187 
237 127 187 
Provisions and other obligations 
42 892 641 
54 365 347 
Current tax liabilities 
2 190 023 
1 383 500 
Deferred tax liabilities 
7 311 883 
10 205 589 
Other liabilities 
196 595 562 
207 644 441 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
28 717 343 234 
30 344 169 910 
 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
31/12/20 
31/12/21 
(in EUR) 
Subscribed capital 
146 108 270 
146 108 270 
Share premium 
760 527 961 
760 527 961

--- Page 516 ---
516 
 
 
Other equity instruments 
173 592 617 
174 081 292 
Reserves and retained earnings  
617 488 137 
709 178 093 
Net income 
101 361 017 
135 446 251 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
1 799 078 002 
1 925 341 867 
Gains and losses not recognised in the consolidated statement of 
income 
40 844 739 
176 203 863 
Financial instruments at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
64 168 148 
196 346 769 
Other reserves 
(23 323 409) 
(20 142 906) 
GROUP EQUITY 
1 839 922 741 
2 101 545 730 
Non-controlling interests 
0 
0 
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
1 839 922 741 
2 101 545 730 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
30 557 265 975 
32 445 715 640

--- Page 517 ---
517 
 
 
TAXATION 
Prospective purchasers should consult legal or tax advisers in the country of their citizenship, 
residence or domicile to determine the possible tax or other consequences of purchasing, holding and 
redeeming Products and/or Separate Warrants, as the case may be, under the laws of the relevant 
jurisdiction. 
The matters described below do not constitute, and should not be considered as, legal or tax 
advice to prospective purchasers. Prospective purchasers should consult legal or tax advisers in the 
country of their citizenship, residence or domicile to determine the possible tax or other consequences 
of purchasing, holding and redeeming Products and/or Separate Warrants, as the case may be, under 
the laws of the relevant jurisdiction. 
Luxembourg Tax Consequences 
The following summary is of a general nature and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to certain Luxembourg tax issues and prospective 
investors in the Products and the Separate Warrants should therefore consult their own professional 
advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they 
may be subject. 
Products 
Withholding Tax 
Non-Resident holders of Products 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Products, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Products, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of the Products held by non-resident holders of Products. 
Resident holders of Products 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December, 
2005 as amended (the "Relibi Law") mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Products, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of Products, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption 
or repurchase of Products held by Luxembourg resident holders of Products. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will 
be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent.  Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income 
tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying 
agent.  Accordingly, payments of interest under the Products coming within the scope of the Relibi Law 
will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
Further, Luxembourg resident individuals who are the beneficial owners of interest payments 
and other similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established outside Luxembourg in an 
EU Member State or the European Economic Area may opt for a final 20 per cent. levy. In such case, 
the 20 per cent. levy is calculated on the same amounts as for the payments made by Luxembourg 
paying agents. The option for the 20 per cent. final levy on interest payments must cover all interest 
payments made by paying agents to the beneficial owner during the entire civil year. Such 20 per cent. 
levy is final when Luxembourg resident individuals are acting in the context of the management of their 
private wealth.   
Income deriving from the Products 
Non-Resident holders 
Holders of Products will not become residents, or be deemed to be resident in Luxembourg by 
reason only of the holding of the Products. 
Holders of Products who are non-resident of Luxembourg and who do not hold the Products 
through a permanent establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg are not liable to any

--- Page 518 ---
518 
 
 
Luxembourg income tax, whether they receive payments of principal, payments of interest (including 
accrued but unpaid interest), payments received upon redemption, repurchase or exchange of the 
Products, or realize capital gains on the sale of the Products. 
Resident holders – General 
Holders of Products who are tax resident in Luxembourg, or non-resident holders of the 
Products who have a permanent establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which 
or to whom the Notes are attributable, must for income tax purposes include any interest and other 
income received or accrued on the Products in their taxable income unless an individual holder holds 
the Products in the frame of the management of its private wealth. If in this last case the aforementioned 
20 per cent. withholding tax has been levied it can be credited against the overall income tax liability. 
They will not be liable to any Luxembourg income tax on repayment of principal.  
Luxembourg Resident Individuals 
Luxembourg resident individual holders of Products who do not hold Products as business 
assets are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the disposal of the Products, unless their 
disposal precedes their acquisition or they are disposed of within six months of the date of their 
acquisition. Upon a repurchase, redemption or exchange of Products, the portion of repurchase, 
redemption or exchange price corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest is subject to the 
aforementioned 20 per cent. withholding tax. When the aforementioned 20 per cent. withholding tax is 
applied, it may be credited against the resident individual's income tax liability in case the individual 
holder of Products does not act in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Luxembourg 
resident individual holders of Products who hold Products as business assets are subject to tax as 
described in relation to "Luxembourg Resident Undertakings with a Collective Character" below. 
Luxembourg Resident Undertakings with a Collective Character 
Luxembourg resident undertakings with a collective character (organismes à caractère collectif) 
holding Products, or foreign entities of the same type who have a permanent establishment or 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to whom the Products are attributable, must include any 
interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or issue discount, as well as any gain realised 
on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Products, in its taxable income for Luxembourg 
income tax purposes. 
Luxembourg resident undertakings with a collective character that are governed by the law of 
11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 
2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, by the law of 13 February 2007 on 
specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative 
investment funds, as amended, and which do not fall under the special tax regime set out in article 48 
thereof are neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest accrued or received, any 
redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Products. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax (without prejudice to the application of annual minimum net wealth tax 
rules) will not be levied on a corporate holder of the Products, unless  
(a) such holder of Products is a Luxembourg resident other than a holder of Products governed 
by (i) the amended laws of 17 December, 2010 and 13 February, 2007 on undertakings for collective 
investment and specialised investment funds, respectively; (ii) the amended law of 22 March, 2004 on 
securitisation; (iii) the amended law of 15 June, 2004 on the investment company in risk capital; (iv) the 
amended law of 11 May, 2007 on family estate management companies; or (v) the amended law of 23 
July, 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds; or 
(b) such Products are attributable to a business enterprise or part thereof or which is carried on 
in Luxembourg or through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative of a non-resident 
company in Luxembourg. In such a case, the holder of Products must take the Products into account 
for the purposes of Luxembourg wealth tax. 
Please however note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended, or capital companies, governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture 
capital vehicles, as amended, or reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 
2016, as amended, and which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof may, 
under certain conditions, be subject to minimum net wealth tax.

--- Page 519 ---
519 
 
 
An individual holder of Products, whether he/she is a resident of Luxembourg or not, is not 
subject to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Products. 
Other Tax Consequences 
Stamp Taxes and Transfer Taxes 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in 
Luxembourg by the holders of Products as a consequence of the issuance of the Products, nor will any 
of these taxes be payable as a consequence of a subsequent transfer, repurchase or redemption of the 
Products, unless the documents relating to the Products are either (i) voluntarily registered in 
Luxembourg or (ii) attached as an annex to an act (annexés à un acte) that itself is subject to mandatory 
registration or (iii) deposited in the minutes of a notary (déposés au rang des minutes d'un notaire). 
Inheritance / Gift Taxes 
No estate or inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of Products upon the death of a holder of 
Notes in cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax purposes and 
no gift tax is levied upon a gift of Products if the gift is not passed before a Luxembourg notary or 
recorded in a deed registered in Luxembourg. Where a holder of Products is a resident for tax purposes 
of Luxembourg at the time of his death, the Products are included in its taxable estate for inheritance 
tax or estate tax purposes. 
Separate Warrants 
Non-resident holders 
Under the existing laws of Luxembourg, the exercise or sale of Separate Warrants by a non-
resident Holder does not give rise to taxable income in Luxembourg, unless such Separate Warrants 
were held as business assets by such non-resident through a permanent establishment or through a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg. 
Resident holders 
Individuals 
The profit made by a resident individual holder not holding the Separate Warrants as business 
assets, on the sale of Separate Warrants or upon the exercise thereof against payment of a cash 
amount is taxable in Luxembourg if such Separate Warrant is sold or exercised within a period of six 
months following the acquisition by such person. If Separate Warrants are held by a resident individual 
holder as a business asset, they are subject to Luxembourg tax as described in the paragraph 
"Luxembourg Resident Undertakings with a Collective Character" here below. 
Luxembourg Resident Undertakings with a Collective Character 
Luxembourg resident undertakings with a collective character (organismes à caractère collectif) 
holding Separate Warrants, or foreign entities of the same type who have a permanent establishment 
or permanent representative in Luxembourg to whom the Separate Warrants are attributable, must 
include the profit made on the sale of the Separate Warrants or upon the exercise thereof against 
payment of a cash amount in their taxable income for Luxembourg income tax purposes. 
Luxembourg resident undertakings with a collective character (organismes à caractère collectif) 
that are governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, 
or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, by the law 
of 13 February 2007 on specialized investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on 
reserved alternative investment funds, as amended, and which do not fall under the special tax regime 
set out in article 48 thereof are neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of the profit made 
on the sale of Separate Warrants nor upon the exercise thereof against payment of a cash amount.  
Other Taxes 
Luxembourg net wealth tax (without prejudice to the application of annual minimum net wealth 
tax rules) will not be levied on a holder of Separate Warrants, unless  
(a) the holder of Separate Warrants is an undertaking with a collective character resident in 
Luxembourg other than a holder of Separate Warrants governed by (i) the amended laws of 17 
December 2010 and 13 February 2007 on undertakings for collective investment and specialised 
investment funds, respectively; (ii) the amended law of 22 March, 2004 on securitisation; (iii) the 
amended law of 15 June 2004 on the investment company in risk capital; or (iv) the amended law of 11

--- Page 520 ---
520 
 
 
May 2007 on family estate management companies, or (v) the amended law of 23 July 2016 on reserved 
alternative investment funds, or  
(b) the Separate Warrants are attributable to the permanent establishment or to the permanent 
representative in Luxembourg of a foreign entity of the same type as a Luxembourg organism with a 
collective character. 
Please however note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended, or capital companies, governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture 
capital vehicles, as amended, or reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 
2016, as amended, and which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof may, 
under certain conditions, be subject to minimum net wealth tax. 
An individual holder of Separate Warrants, whether he/she is a resident of Luxembourg or not, 
is not subject to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Separate Warrants. 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty 
payable in Luxembourg in respect of or in connection with the execution and delivery of the Separate 
Warrants or the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Separate Warrants, unless the 
Separate Warrants are either (i) voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or (ii) attached as an annex to an 
act (annexés à un acte) that itself is subject to mandatory registration or (iii) deposited in the minutes 
of a notary (déposés au rang des minutes d'un notaire). 
  
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (the “FATCA”) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, withholding may be required on, among other things, (i) certain payments made by “foreign 
financial institutions (the “foreign passthru payments”) and (ii) dividend equivalent payments (as 
defined in Section 871(m) of the Code), in each case, to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. The Bank is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A 
number of jurisdictions (including Canada and the UK) have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (the “IGA(s)”), which 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently 
in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction that complies with such IGA would generally 
not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
the Exempt Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA 
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Exempt Notes, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change. If withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign 
passthru payments, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date 
on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal 
Register, and Exempt Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity 
and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or before the relevant 
grandfathering date would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date. The grandfathering date for (A) Exempt Notes that give rise solely to foreign 
passthru payments, is the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations 
defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal Register, and (B) Exempt Notes 
that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, is six months after the date on which 
obligations of its type are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents. If additional Notes (as 
described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from 
such previously issued grandfathered Exempt Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat 
all Exempt Notes, including the Exempt Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering 
period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Exempt Notes.

--- Page 521 ---
521 
 
 
Section 871(m) 
Section 871(m) of the Code treats a “dividend equivalent” payment as a dividend from sources 
within the United States that is generally subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax which may be 
reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, 
provided that the beneficial owner timely claims a credit or refund from the Internal Revenue Service 
(the “IRS”).  A “dividend equivalent” payment is (i) a substitute dividend payment made pursuant to a 
securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or 
determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, (ii) a 
payment made pursuant to a “specified notional principal contract” that (directly or indirectly) is 
contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the 
United States, and (iii) any other payment determined by the IRS to be substantially similar to a payment 
described in (i) or (ii).  U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) and applicable guidance 
(the “Section 871(m) Regulations”) require withholding on certain non-U.S. holders of the Exempt 
Notes with respect to amounts treated as dividend equivalent payments. Under the Section 871(m) 
Regulations, only an Exempt Note that has an expected economic return sufficiently similar to that of 
the underlying U.S. security based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations, will be subject 
to the Section 871(m) withholding regime (making such security a “Specified Note(s)”). Certain 
exceptions to this withholding requirement apply, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-
based indices. 
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments 
are made on a Specified Note or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition of, the Specified 
Note.  If the underlying U.S. security or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the 
Specified Note, withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified Note does not provide 
for payments explicitly linked to dividends. Additionally, the Bank may withhold the full 30 per cent. tax 
on any payment on the Specified Notes in respect of any dividend equivalent arising with respect to 
such Specified Notes regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise 
available under applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where a non-U.S. holder is eligible 
for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax treaty with the United States). A non-U.S. holder may be 
able to claim a refund of any excess withholding provided the required information is timely furnished 
to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Refund claims are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and there 
can be no assurance that a particular refund claim will be timely paid or paid at all. If the Bank or any 
withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Bank nor any withholding agent 
will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations will generally apply to Exempt Notes that meet the relevant 
tests and (a) for Exempt Notes that have a “delta” of one, are issued on or after January 1, 2017 and 
(b) for any other Exempt Notes, are issued on or after January 1, 2023. Delta is generally defined as 
the ratio of the change in the fair market value of a financial instrument to a small change in the fair 
market value of the number of shares of the underlying U.S. security. If the terms of an Exempt Note 
are subject to a “significant modification” (as defined for U.S. tax purposes), the Exempt Notes generally 
would be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification for purposes of determining, 
based on economic conditions in effect at that time, whether such Exempt Note is a Specified Note. 
Similarly, if additional Exempt Notes of the same series are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax 
purposes, such as certain sales of Exempt Notes out of inventory) after the original issue date, the IRS 
could treat the issue date for determining whether the existing Exempt Notes are Specified Notes as 
the date of such subsequent sale or issuance. Consequently, a previously out of scope Exempt Note 
might be treated as a Specified Note following such modification or further issuance. 
In addition, payments on the Specified Notes may be calculated by reference to dividends on 
underlying U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent. In such case, in calculating the 
relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Bank will be deemed to 
withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code)

--- Page 522 ---
522 
 
 
in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Bank will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on 
account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
The applicable Pricing Supplement will indicate whether the Bank has determined that Exempt 
Notes are Specified Notes and will specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to Exempt Notes. A non-U.S. holder of Specified Notes should expect 
to be subject to withholding in respect of any dividend-paying U.S. securities underlying those Exempt 
Notes. The Bank’s determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of the Exempt Notes, but it is not 
binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to be made with 
respect to Exempt Notes linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of Exempt 
Notes may be uncertain. 
German Tax Consequences 
The following is a general discussion of certain German tax consequences of the acquisition, 
holding and disposal of Products. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all German 
tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase Products, and, in particular, does not 
consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. This summary is 
based on the tax laws of Germany currently in force and as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, 
which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect. 
Prospective purchasers of the Products should bear in mind that each Series or Tranche of 
Products may be subject to a particular tax treatment due to its specific terms as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. This summary is limited to some general information on German taxation.  
The law as currently in effect provides for a reduced tax rate for certain investment income. 
There is an on-going discussion in Germany whether the reduced tax rate should be increased or 
abolished altogether so that investment income would be taxed at regular rates. It is still unclear, 
whether, how and when the current discussion may result in any legislative changes. 
Prospective purchasers of Products are further advised to consult their own tax advisers as to 
the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Products, including the effect of any 
state, local or church taxes, under the tax laws of Germany and any country in which they are resident 
or whose tax laws apply to them for other reasons. 
German Tax Resident 
This section "German Tax Residents" refers to persons who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. 
persons whose residence, habitual abode, statutory seat, or place of effective management and control 
is located in Germany). 
Withholding tax on on-going payments and capital gains 
On-going payments received by an investor holding Products as non-business assets (a “non-
business Product Holder”) will be subject to German withholding tax if the Products are kept or 
administered in a custodial account with a German branch of a German or non-German bank or financial 
services institution, a German securities trading company or a German securities trading bank (each, a 
“Disbursing Agent”, auszahlende Stelle). The tax rate is 25 per cent. (plus a solidarity surcharge at a 
rate of 5.5 per cent. thereon, the total withholding being 26.375 per cent.). For non-business Product 
Holders who are subject to church tax, an electronic information system for church withholding tax 
purposes applies in relation to investment income, with the effect that church tax will be collected by 
the Disbursing Agent by way of withholding unless the investor has filed a blocking notice 
(Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern) in which 
case the investor will be assessed to church tax. 
The same treatment applies to capital gains (i.e. the difference between the proceeds from the 
disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment after deduction of expenses directly related to the 
disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment and the cost of acquisition) derived by a non-business 
Product Holder provided that the Products have been kept or administered in a custodial account with 
the same Disbursing Agent since the time of their acquisition. If Products with the same terms and 
conditions are kept or administered in the same custodial account and were acquired at different points 
in time, the Products first acquired will be deemed to have been sold first for the purposes of determining 
the capital gains. Where Products are acquired and/or sold or redeemed in a currency other than Euro, 
the sales/redemption price and the acquisition costs have to be converted into Euro on the basis of the 
foreign exchange rates prevailing on the sale or redemption date and the acquisition date respectively

--- Page 523 ---
523 
 
 
with the result that any currency gains or losses are part of the capital gains. If interest coupons or 
interest claims are disposed of separately (i.e. without the Products), the proceeds from the disposal 
are subject to withholding tax. The same applies to proceeds from the payment of interest coupons or 
interest claims if the Products have been disposed of separately.  
If Products qualifying as a forward/future/ or option transaction (Termingeschäft) according to 
sec. 20 para. 2 sent. 1 no. 3 German Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz) are settled by a cash 
payment, capital gains realised upon exercise (i.e. the cash amount received minus directly related 
costs and expenses, e.g. the acquisition costs) are subject to withholding tax. In the event of physical 
delivery, the acquisition costs of such Products plus any additional sum paid upon exercise are 
generally regarded as acquisition costs of the underlying assets received upon physical settlement. 
Withholding tax may then apply to any gain resulting from the subsequent disposal, redemption, 
repayment or assignment of the assets received, in particular if they are securities. In case of certain 
assets being the underlying (e.g. commodities or currencies) a subsequent sale of the underlying 
received may not be subject to German withholding tax as outlined in this section but any disposal gain 
may be fully taxable at the personal income tax rate of the non-business Product Holder. 
In case of a physical settlement of certain Products (not qualifying as forward/future/ or option 
transactions) which grant the Issuer the right to physically deliver the underlying securities or the Holder 
to demand the physical delivery of the underlying securities instead of a cash payment, upon physical 
delivery the acquisition costs of the Products may be regarded as proceeds from the disposal, 
redemption, repayment or assignment of the Products and hence as acquisition costs of the underlying 
securities received by the non-business Holder upon physical settlement; any consideration received 
by the Holder in addition to the underlying securities may be subject to withholding tax. To the extent 
the provision mentioned above is applicable, generally no withholding tax has to be withheld by the 
Disbursing Agent upon physical settlement as such exchange of the Products into the underlying 
securities does not result in a taxable gain for the non-business Holder. However, withholding tax may 
then apply to any gain resulting from the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment of the 
securities received in exchange for the Products.  In this case, the gain will be the difference between 
the proceeds from the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment of the underlying securities and 
the acquisition costs of the Products (after deduction of expenses related directly to the disposal, if any. 
To the extent the Products have not been kept or administered in a custodial account with the 
same Disbursing Agent since the time of their acquisition, upon the disposal, redemption, repayment or 
assignment withholding tax applies at a rate of 26.375 per cent. (including solidarity surcharge, plus 
church tax, if applicable) on 30 per cent. of the disposal proceeds (plus interest accrued on the Products 
(the “Accrued Interest”, Stückzinsen), if any), unless the current Disbursing Agent has been notified 
of the actual acquisition costs of the Products by the previous Disbursing Agent or by a statement of a 
bank or financial services institution from another Member State of the European Union or the European 
Economic Area or from certain other countries (e.g. Switzerland or Andorra). 
Pursuant to administrative guidance, losses incurred by a holder of the Products (the “Product 
Holder”) from bad debt (Foderungsausfall) or a waiver of a receivable (Forderungsverzicht) are 
generally not tax deductible when computing the tax to be withheld. Despite conflicting case law of the 
Federal Tax Court (Bundesfinanzhof) in this regards and a new legislation (see below) the Disbursing 
Agent has to follow the view of the tax authorities expressed in the administrative guidance. It is not yet 
clear if and to what extent the tax authorities will reflect the recent developments in their interpretation 
of the law. The same rules should apply if the Products expire worthless. 
Non-business Product Holders are entitled to an annual allowance (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) of 
EUR 801 (EUR 1,602 for couples and partners filing jointly) for all investment income received in a 
given year. Upon the non-business Product Holder filing an exemption certificate (Freistellungsauftrag) 
with the Disbursing Agent, the Disbursing Agent will take the allowance into account when computing 
the amount of tax to be withheld. No withholding tax will be deducted if the Product Holder has submitted 
to the Disbursing Agent a certificate of non-assessment (Nichtveranlagungs-Bescheinigung) issued by 
the competent local tax office. 
German withholding tax will not apply to gains from the disposal, redemption, repayment or 
assignment of Products held by a corporation whilst ongoing payments, such as interest payments, are 
subject to withholding tax (irrespective of any deductions of foreign tax and capital losses incurred). The 
same may apply where the Products form part of a trade or business, subject to further requirements 
being met.

--- Page 524 ---
524 
 
 
Taxation of current income and capital gains 
The personal income tax liability of a non-business Product Holder deriving income from capital 
investments under the Products is, in principle, settled by the tax withheld. To the extent withholding 
tax has not been levied, such as in the case of Products kept in custody abroad, or if no Disbursing 
Agent is involved in the payment process, the non-business Product Holder must report his or her 
income and capital gains derived from the Products on his or her tax return and then will also be taxed 
at a rate of 25 per cent. (plus solidarity surcharge and church tax thereon, where applicable). If the 
withholding tax on a disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment has been calculated from 30 per 
cent. of the disposal proceeds (rather than from the actual gain), a non-business Product Holder may, 
and in case the actual gain is higher than 30 per cent. of the disposal proceeds must, also apply for an 
assessment on the basis of his or her actual acquisition costs. Further, a non-business Product Holder 
may request that all investment income of a given year is taxed at his or her lower individual tax rate 
based upon an assessment to tax with any amounts over-withheld being refunded. In each case, a 
deduction of expenses (other than transaction costs) on an itemised basis is not permitted.  
Capital losses from the sale or redemption of the Products held as non-business assets should 
generally be tax-recognised irrespective of the holding period of the Products. The offsetting of losses 
incurred by a non-business Product Holder is, however, subject to several restrictions. Losses incurred 
with respect to the Products can generally only be offset against income derived from capital 
investments realised in the same or the following years. According to new legislation, capital losses of 
non-business investors resulting from a bad debt loss (Forderungsausfall), a waiver of a receivable 
(Forderungsverzicht) or if the Products expire worthless can only be set-off against income derived from 
capital investments up to an amount of EUR 20,000 per annum. Losses exceeding that threshold can 
be carried forward and set-off against income derived from capital investments up to an amount of 
EUR 20,000 per annum in subsequent years, subject to certain requirements.  
Where Products form part of a trade or business the withholding tax, if any, will not settle the 
personal or corporate income tax liability. Where Products form part of a trade or business, interest 
(accrued) must be taken into account as income. The respective Product Holder will have to report 
income and related (business) expenses on the tax return and the balance will be taxed at the Product 
Holder's applicable tax rate. Withholding tax levied, if any, will be credited against the personal or 
corporate income tax of the Product Holder. Where Products form part of a German trade or business 
the current income and gains from the disposal, redemption, repayment or assignment of the Products 
may also be subject to German trade tax. Where, according to an applicable accounting standard, 
securities include an embedded derivative the Product Holder may have to account for a receivable and 
a derivative. The deduction of losses from derivatives may be ring-fenced. 
In the case of physically settled Products special limitations may apply to losses from the 
disposal of an underlying which is a share in a corporation or a unit of an equity investment fund. 
German Investment Taxation 
If Products (in particular a Products which replicates the performance of an investment fund) 
were considered to qualify as an investment fund unit within the meaning of the German Investment 
Tax Act (Investmentsteuergesetz), tax consequences different from those discussed above would 
apply. A Product Holder subject to German taxation may then be required to include in his or her taxable 
income unrealised gains from the appreciation in value of the Products which may be deemed to be a 
portion of the fair market value of the Products at the relevant time. In general, the taxed unrealised 
gains will be deductible in computing the capital gain derived from the disposal, redemption or 
termination of the Products. 
 
Non-German Tax Residents 
Interest and capital gains are not subject to German taxation, unless (i) the Products form part 
of the business property of a permanent establishment, including a permanent representative, or a fixed 
base maintained in Germany by the Product Holder or (ii) the income otherwise constitutes German-
source income (from 1 January 2022 onwards as income attributable to an investor resident in a so 
called non-cooperative jurisdiction as set out in the Act to Avert Tax Evasion and Unfair Tax Competition 
(Gesetz zur Abwehr von Steuervermeidung und unfairem Steuerwettbewerb)). In cases (i) and (ii) a tax 
regime similar to that explained above in the subsection "German Tax Residents" applies. 
Non-residents of Germany are, in general, exempt from German withholding tax on interest and 
capital gains. However, where the income is subject to German taxation as set forth in the preceding

--- Page 525 ---
525 
 
 
paragraph and the Products are kept or administered in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent, 
withholding tax may be levied under certain circumstances. Where Products are not kept in a custodial 
account with a Disbursing Agent and interest or proceeds from the disposal, assignment or redemption 
of Products or an interest coupon are paid by a Disbursing Agent to a non-resident upon delivery of the 
Products or interest coupons, withholding tax generally will also apply. The withholding tax may be 
refunded based on an assessment of tax or under an applicable tax treaty. 
Solidarity surcharge 
Pursuant to recently introduced legislation, the solidarity surcharge is partially abolished as of 
the assessment period 2021 for certain individuals. The solidarity surcharge shall, however, continue 
to apply for investment income and, thus, on withholding taxes levied. In case the individual income tax 
burden for a non-business Product Holder of Securities tax resident in Germany is lower than 25% such 
Product Holder can apply for his/her investment income being assessed at his/her individual tariff-based 
income tax rate in which case solidarity surcharge would be refunded (see above). 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
No inheritance or gift taxes with respect to any Products will arise under the laws of Germany, 
if, in the case of inheritance tax, neither the deceased nor the beneficiary, or, in the case of gift tax, 
neither the donor nor the donee, is a resident of Germany and such Products are not attributable to a 
German trade or business for which a permanent establishment is maintained, or a permanent 
representative has been appointed, in Germany. Exceptions from this rule apply to certain German 
expatriates. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue or registration taxes or similar duties will be payable in Germany in connection 
with the issuance, delivery or execution of the Products. Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) is 
not levied in Germany. 
 
Danish Tax Consequences 
The following is a summary description of the taxation in Denmark of Notes, Warrants or 
Certificates according to the Danish tax laws in force at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject 
to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which changes could be made with 
retroactive effect. 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of Notes, Warrants or 
Certificates and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors to whom special tax rules apply, and, therefore, may not be relevant, for example, to investors 
subject to the Danish Tax on Pension Yields Act (i.e., pension savings), professional investors, certain 
institutional investors, insurance companies, pension companies, banks, stockbrokers and investors 
with tax liability on return on pension investments. The summary only sets out the tax position of the 
direct owners of the Notes, Warrants or Certificates and further assumes that the direct investors are 
the beneficial owners as interpreted by the Danish Tax Authority,  
Potential investors are under all circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax 
advisor to clarify the individual consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of Notes, 
Warrants or Certificates. The Issuer makes no representations regarding the tax consequences of 
purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes, Warrants or Certificates. 
The comments in the following apply only to (i) investors who are resident in Denmark, and (ii) 
investors who have a permanent establishment in Denmark to which the Notes, Warrants or Certificates 
can be attributed. 
Taxation of Notes 
Resident Noteholders 
Private individuals, companies and similar enterprises resident in Denmark for tax purposes or 
receiving interest on the Notes through their permanent establishment in Denmark are liable to pay tax 
on such interest.

--- Page 526 ---
526 
 
 
Capital gains are taxable to individuals and corporate entities in accordance with the Danish 
Capital and Exchange Gains Act (in Danish "Kursgevinstloven") of 25 October 2016 (as amended). 
Gains and losses on Notes held by corporate entities are generally taxed in accordance with a 
mark-to-market principle (in Danish "lagerprincippet"), i.e. on an unrealised basis.   
Gains and losses on Notes held by individuals are generally taxed on a realised basis. 
Individuals may elect to apply a mark-to-market principle for all receivables traded on a regulated market 
and/or currency exchange gains and losses on receivables and debt denominated in other currency 
than Danish kroner. Once the mark-to-market principle is elected, a change back to the realisation 
principle requires approval from the Danish tax authorities. If the annual gains or losses on all debt 
claims, debt denominated in foreign currency and investment certificates in bond-based investment 
funds do not exceed DKK 2,000, the gains or losses will be exempt from taxation. The net gains held 
by individuals are generally included in the taxable income.  
Under the mark-to-market principle, a gain or a loss is calculated as the difference between the 
value of the Note at the beginning and the end of the income year, beginning with the difference between 
the acquisition sum of the Note and the value of the Note at the end of the same income year. Upon 
realisation of the Note, i.e. redemption or disposal, the taxable income of that income year equals the 
difference between the value of the Note at the beginning of the income year and the value of the Note 
at realisation. If the Note has been acquired and realised in the same income year, the taxable income 
equals file difference between the acquisition sum and the value at realisation. 
A variety of features regarding interest and principal may apply to the Notes. The applicable 
taxation of capital gains to corporate entities or individuals will depend on the features applicable to the 
Notes. Structured notes can be designed in many ways and with many different underlying assets or in 
a way that the yield will depend on various index or currency flows.  
The following tax rules generally apply to structured notes in accordance with section 29(3) of 
the Danish Capital and Exchange Gains Act. 
Gains on structured notes that are subject to section 29, subsection 3 of the Capital Gains Tax 
Act are included in the calculation of capital income. Losses on such can be deducted in gains on 
financial contracts according to certain rules which are generally described below.   
Gains and losses on structured notes are generally treated as gains and losses on financial 
instruments. However, there are exceptions – for example, notes which are adjusted in relation to 
developments in the consumer prices index (as computed by Statistics Denmark (Danmarks Statistik)), 
the net consumer-price index or a similar index within the European Union or any of its member states. 
The gains and losses are calculated irrespective of the rules applying to the underlying asset. 
Gains and losses on structured notes issued to both corporate entities and individuals are 
predominantly treated as taxable income in accordance with a mark-to-market principle (in Danish 
“lagerprincippet”), such as on an unrealised basis meaning that gains and losses on structured notes 
will be taxed even though there have not been any changes in the ownership of the structured notes. 
Corporate entities are generally able to deduct losses on structured notes, whereas individuals 
may, in general, only offset losses on structured notes against (previous and future) gains on other 
financial instruments. However, in both cases, certain restrictions or exceptions apply. 
Pension funds and other entities governed by the Danish Act on Taxation of Pension 
Investments Returns (in Danish "Pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven") of 6 March 2020 are, irrespective 
of realisation, taxed on the annual increase or decrease on the Notes according to a mark-to-market 
principle (in Danish "lagerprincippet") as specifically laid down in the act. The net returns are taxed at a 
flat rate of 15.3 per cent. 
Non-Resident Noteholders 
Under existing Danish tax laws, payments of interest or principal amounts to any non-resident 
Noteholders are not subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect 
of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer. Thus, no Danish withholding tax will be payable with respect 
to such payments and any capital gain realised upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Note will not

--- Page 527 ---
527 
 
 
be subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt 
in relation to the Issuer. 
This tax treatment applies solely to Noteholders who are not subject to full tax liability in 
Denmark or included in a Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in Denmark 
through a permanent establishment. 
Taxation of Warrants and Certificates 
Warrants and Certificates can be issued with a large number of different underlying financial 
instruments (Depositary Receipt-Linked, Currency-Linked Securities, Commodity-Linked Securities, 
Derivative Instrument-Linked, ETF-Linked, Fund-Linked etc.) or other assets as the underlying 
reference. The taxation of the Warrants and Certificates will depend on the underlying financial 
instrument or asset, and taxation may be similar as for holding of Notes, as described above. 
Below, the general Danish tax considerations are set out for Certificates and Warrants that will 
entitle the holder of Certificates or Warrants to receive shares from the Issuer.  
If the underlying financial instrument is covered by the Danish Act on Capital Gains Tax on 
Shares (in Danish "Aktieavancebeskatningsloven") of 29 January 2021 (as amended), the holder of 
Warrants and Certificates may be deemed a shareholder in the issuer of the underlying share for Danish 
tax purposes and be taxed accordingly. 
For Danish resident individuals, capital gains will be subject to taxation as share income at a 
rate of 27 per cent on annual share income up to DKK 57,200 and 42 per cent of share income 
exceeding DKK 57,200. The stated amount limits are applicable for 2022 and adjusted annually. The 
amount limits are doubled for married couples co-habiting at the end of the income year. 
The extent to which losses on shares is deductible for individuals depends on whether or not 
the share is listed on a regulated market or not. Gains and losses on the sale of shares admitted to 
trading on a regulated market are calculated as the difference between the purchase price and the sales 
price. The purchase price is generally determined using the average method, which means that each 
share is considered acquired at a price equivalent to the average acquisition price of all the 
shareholder’s shares in the issuing company. 
Losses incurred in relation to the sale of shares admitted to trading on a regulated market can 
only be offset against other share income deriving from shares admitted to trading on a regulated market 
(i.e. received dividends and capital gains on the sale of shares admitted to trading on a regulated 
market). Excess losses will be offset against a cohabiting spouse’s share income deriving from shares 
admitted to trading on a regulated market. Any remaining losses after the above deduction can be 
carried forward indefinitely and offset against future share income deriving from shares admitted to 
trading on a regulated market. 
Dividend payments to Danish resident individuals are also treated as share income, and 
taxation occurs at the same rates as described above. 
Gains and losses on shares owned through an investment savings account (in Danish 
"aktiesparekonto") are calculated using the mark-to-market principle, i.e. as the difference between the 
market value of the assets in the account at the beginning of the tax year (1 January) and the market 
value of the shares at the end of the tax year (31 December) adjusted for further deposits on the account 
and adjusted for withdrawals from the account. Any annual gain will be subject to 17% taxation, and 
any loss may be carried forward. In 2022, the account is limited to a deposit of DKK 103,500. Tax is 
settled by the account institute. 
Tax on the sale of shares by companies is subject to different regimes depending on whether 
the shares are considered as Subsidiary Shares, Group Shares, Tax-Exempt Portfolio Shares or 
Taxable Portfolio Shares defined as follows: 
"Subsidiary Shares" are generally defined as shares owned by a company shareholder holding 
at least 10% of the nominal share capital of the issuing company.

--- Page 528 ---
528 
 
 
"Group Shares" are generally defined as shares in a company in which the company 
shareholder of the company and the issuing company are subject to Danish joint taxation or fulfil the 
requirements for international joint taxation under Danish law. 
"Tax-Exempt Portfolio Shares" are generally defined as shares not admitted to trading on a 
regulated market owned by a company shareholder holding less than 10% of the nominal share capital 
in the issuing company.  
"Taxable Portfolio Shares" are shares that do not qualify as Subsidiary Shares, Group Shares 
or Tax-Exempt Portfolio Shares, i.e. listed shares in companies in which a company shareholder holds 
less than 10% of the equity. 
Gains or losses on disposals of Subsidiary Shares, Group Shares and Tax-Exempt Portfolio 
Shares are not included in the taxable income of the company shareholder. 
Capital gains from the sale of Taxable Portfolio Shares are taxable at the corporate income tax 
rate of 22% (2022). Losses on such shares are generally deductible. 
Gains and losses on Taxable Portfolio Shares are, as a general rule, calculated in accordance 
with the mark-to-market principle. It is not possible for the company to elect taxation on a realisation 
basis for listed shares. 
Non-resident individuals and companies not fully liable to tax in Denmark are not liable to tax 
on capital gains on shares in Denmark unless the capital gains can be attributed to a permanent 
establishment in Denmark. 
Dividends received on Taxable Portfolio Shares are subject to the standard corporate tax rate 
of currently 22% (2022) irrespective of ownership period. Dividends received on Subsidiary Shares and 
Group Shares are not subject to taxation irrespective of ownership period, subject, however, to certain 
anti-avoidance rules that will not be described in further detail. 
Italian Tax Consequences 
The statements herein regarding Italian taxation are based on the laws in force and published 
practices of the Italian tax authorities issued as at the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to 
any changes in law and interpretation occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a 
retroactive basis.  This summary will not be updated to reflect changes in laws or interpretation and if 
such a change occurs the information in this summary may become invalid. 
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the 
Products, Receipts or Coupons and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to 
all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject 
to additional or special rules.  This summary does not describe the tax consequences for an investor 
with respect to Products that may be redeemed by physical delivery, Products granting entitlement to  
receive assets qualifying as shares or other participations in the share capital or assets of certain Italian 
companies nor the tax consequences for an investor with respect to the disposal or holding of the 
relevant assets that may be received through redemption by physical delivery of the relevant Product.  
Prospective purchasers of the Products, Receipts or Coupons are advised to consult their own 
tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the 
country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Products, Receipts or Coupons and receiving payments of interest, 
principal and/or other amounts under the Products, Receipts or Coupons (including by way of 
redemption of the Products by physical delivery), including in particular the effect of any state, regional 
or local tax laws. 
The following summary assumes that the Issuer is resident only in Luxembourg for tax 
purposes, without acting through any permanent establishment located elsewhere. 
Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same English 
term as they exist under terms of different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed by using 
the relevant Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English terms.

--- Page 529 ---
529 
 
 
In this Italian Taxation section any reference to (i) the Products includes also the Receipts and 
the Coupons and (ii) the Productholders includes also the Receiptholder and the Couponholders, where 
the context so admits. 
Italian tax treatment of the Products 
As clarified by the Italian tax authorities in Resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, the Italian tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Products may be different depending on 
whether: 
(a) they represent a securitised debt claim, implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di 
capitale), through which the subscriber of the Products transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of capital 
for the purpose of obtaining a remuneration on the same capital and subject to the right to obtain its 
(partial or entire) reimbursement at maturity; or 
(b) they represent a securitised derivative financial instrument or bundle of derivative financial 
instruments not entailing a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), through which the subscriber of the 
Products invests indirectly in underlying financial instruments for the purpose of obtaining a profit 
deriving from the negotiation of such underlying financial instruments. 
Tax treatment of Products qualifying as bonds or debentures similar to bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended and supplemented 
("Decree No. 239") sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and 
other income (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter 
collectively referred to as "Interest") deriving from notes falling within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni). 
For this purpose, pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, 
as amended and supplemented ("Decree No. 917") bonds (obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds 
(titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are securities that: 
(a) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption or maturity, an amount not 
lower than their nominal value; 
(b) attribute to the holders no direct or indirect right to control or participate in the management 
of the issuer or in the management of the business in respect of which the notes have been issued; and 
(c) not provide for a remuneration which is entirely linked to the profits of the issuer, or other 
companies belonging to the same group or to the business in respect of which the securities have been 
issued. 
Decree No. 239 regulates the tax treatment of Interest related to bonds or similar securities to 
the extent they are, inter alia: 
(a) issued by companies whose shares are listed on a regulated market or multilateral trading 
facility of an EU Member State or of a State party to the EEA Agreement included in the list provided 
for by Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 September 1996, as amended from time to time (possibly further 
amended by future Ministerial Decrees to be issued under Article 11, paragraph 4, let. c) of Decree No. 
239) (the "White List"); or 
(b) listed on a regulated market or on a multilateral trading facility of an EU Member State or of 
a State party to the EEA Agreement included in the White List; or 
(c) subscribed, transferred to and held by qualified investors (as defined under Article 100 of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended) only; or 
(d) issued by non-Italian resident issuers. 
Italian resident Productholders  
Where an Italian resident Productholder is the beneficial owner of Interest payments under the 
Products qualifying as bonds or securities similar to bonds and is: 
(a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Products are connected; 
(b) a partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or a società in accomandita semplice 
or a similar partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities; 
(c) a non-commercial private or public institution (other than a company), a trust not carrying 
out mainly or exclusively commercial activities or the Italian State or other pubic and territorial entity;

--- Page 530 ---
530 
 
 
(d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
Interest deriving from the Products and accrued during the relevant holding period is subject to 
a substitutive tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. (either when 
Interest is paid or obtained by the holder upon disposal of the Products), unless the relevant 
Productholder holds the Products in a discretionary investment portfolio managed by an authorized 
intermediary and, under certain conditions, has validly opted for the application of the risparmio gestito 
regime provided for by Article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of November 21, 1997 ("Decree 
No. 461") (see “Capital gains tax” below). 
Where the resident holders of the Products described above under (a) to (c) above are engaged 
in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Products are connected, imposta sostitutiva applies as a 
provisional tax.  Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner's Italian income tax return and 
will be subject to Italian ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a 
credit that can be offset against the income tax due. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, 
Interest relating to the Products may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the 26 per 
cent. imposta sostitutiva) if the Productholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in 
entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 
1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 and the Products are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Where (a) an Italian resident Productholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Products are effectively connected, 
and the Products are deposited with an Intermediary (as defined below), Interest from the Products will 
not be subject to imposta sostitutiva but must be included in the relevant Productholder’s income tax 
return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation ("IRES") and, in certain 
circumstances, depending on the status of the Productholder, also to regional tax on productive 
activities ("IRAP").  
Payments of Interest deriving from the Products made to Italian resident real estate investment 
funds and Italian resident real estate investment companies with fixed capital (SICAF, i.e. società di 
investimento a capitale fisso) (the "Real Estate Funds") complying with the relevant legal and 
regulatory requirements and subject to the regime provided for by, inter alia, Law Decree No. 351 of 25 
September 2001 and/or Law Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, each as amended, are subject neither to 
imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of such Real Estate Funds, provided that 
the Products are timely deposited directly or indirectly with an Intermediary (as defined below).  
Subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders of the Real Estate Fund and 
income realised by the unitholders or shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or 
shares in the Real Estate Fund may be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per 
cent.. Moreover, subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and the 
percentage of its participation, income realised by Real Estate Funds may be attributed to the relevant 
investors and subject to tax in their hands irrespective of its actual collection and in proportion to the 
percentage of ownership of units or shares on a tax transparency basis. 
Where the Italian resident Productholder is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund 
(other than a Real Estate Fund), an investment company with fixed capital (SICAF, i.e. società di 
investimento a capitale fisso, other than a Real Estate Fund) or an investment company with variable 
capital (SICAV, i.e. società di investimento a capitale variabile) (together, the "Funds") and either (i) 
the Fund or (ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority and the Products are 
deposited with an Intermediary (as defined beow), payments of Interest on such Products will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund.  The Fund 
will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. may in certain 
circumstances apply to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders or in case of 
redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Fund. 
Where an Italian resident Productholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Products are deposited with 
an Intermediary (as defined below), payments of Interest relating to the Products accrued during the 
holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax on the increase 
in value of the managed assets accrued at the end of each tax year (which increase would include 
Interest accrued on the Products).  Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period

--- Page 531 ---
531 
 
 
requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Products may be excluded from the taxable base 
of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Products are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, investment companies 
(società di intermediazione mobiliare, "SIMs"), fiduciary companies, management companies (società 
di gestione del risparmio), stock brokers and other qualified entities identified by a decree of the Ministry 
of Finance (together the "Intermediaries" and each an "Intermediary").  An Intermediary must (a) be 
(i) resident in Italy, (ii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident Intermediary or (iii) 
an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of 
securities and directly connected with the Italian tax authorities having appointed an Italian 
representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239, and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of 
Interest or, also as transferees, in transfers or disposals of the Products.  For the purpose of the 
application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Products includes any assignment or other act, either 
with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Products or in 
a change of the Intermediary with which the Products are deposited. 
Where the Products are not deposited with an Intermediary meeting the requirements under 
(a) and (b) above, imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any Italian intermediary paying Interest 
to the holders of the Products or, absent that, by the Issuer and gross recipients that are Italian resident 
corporations or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign corporations to which the Products are 
effectively connected are entitled to deduct the suffered imposta sostitutiva from income taxes due. 
Non-Italian resident Productholders  
 No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments of Interest to a non-Italian resident 
Productholder, provided that, if the Products are held in Italy, the non-Italian resident Productholder 
declares itself to be a non-Italian resident according with Italian tax laws and regulations. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Products that are not deemed to be bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) under Article 44 of Decree No. 917 and 
qualify as titoli atipici (“atypical securities”) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 
1983, as amended, may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent.. For this 
purpose, bonds or debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at redemption or maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and which 
do not grant the holder any direct or indirect right of participation to (or control of) the management of 
the issuer. 
The withholding tax mentioned above does not apply to Interest payments made to a non-Italian 
resident Productholder and to an Italian resident Productholder which is (i) a company or similar 
commercial entity (including an Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Products 
are effectively connected), (ii) a commercial partnership (with the exception of general partnership, 
limited partnership and similar entities), or (iii) a commercial private or public institution. 
The withholding is levied by the Italian intermediary intervening in the collection of the relevant 
income or in the negotiation or repurchasing of the Products. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may be exempt from any 
income taxation, including the above mentioned withholding tax on Interest relating to the Products 
which qualify as titoli atipici, 1983, if such Products are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable set forth under Italian law. 
Capital gains tax 
This section sets out the Italian tax treatment of capital gains relating to Products being treated 
as debt securities implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di capitale).  
Italian resident Productholders 
Where an Italian resident Productholder is (i) an individual holding the Products not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in 
nome collettivo or a società in accomandita semplice or a similar partnership) or a de facto partnership 
not carrying out commercial activities, or (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution (other than

--- Page 532 ---
532 
 
 
a company), a trust not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities, any capital gain realised 
by such Productholder from the sale or redemption of the Products would be subject to an imposta 
sostitutiva provided for by Decree No. 461, levied at the rate of 26 per cent..  Under certain conditions 
and limitations Productholders may set off capital losses with their capital gains. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers under (i) to (iii) above may opt for 
one of the three regimes described below:  
(a) under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime 
for Productholders under (i) to (iii) above, imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss of the same kind, realised 
by the investor holding the Products not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all 
sales or redemptions of the Products carried out during any given tax year.  The relevant Productholder 
must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss 
of the same kind, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any 
balance of income tax due for such year.  Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried 
forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years;  
(b) as an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Productholders under (i) to (iii) above may 
elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of 
the Products (the risparmio amministrato regime provided for by article 6 of Decree No. 461).  Such 
separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Products being deposited with Italian 
banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy 
of foreign intermediaries) and (ii) a valid express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being 
timely made in writing by the relevant Productholder.  The depository is responsible for accounting for 
imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Products (as 
well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred 
capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the 
taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Productholder or 
using funds provided by the Productholder for this purpose.  Under the risparmio amministrato regime, 
where a sale or redemption of the Products results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted only 
from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same tax year 
or in the following tax years up to the fourth.  Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the 
Productholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return; 
(c) any capital gains realised by Italian Productholders under (i) to (iii) above who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Products, to an authorised 
intermediary and have validly opted for the so called risparmio gestito regime provided for by Article 7 
of Decree No. 461 will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by 
the managing authorised intermediary.  Under the risparmio gestito regime, any decrease in value of 
the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against any increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years.  The Productholder is not required to 
declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised 
upon sale, transfer or redemption of the Products, if the Products are included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth 
by Italian law as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Any capital gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Products would be treated as part 
of the taxable income for IRES purposes and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of 
the Productholder, also as part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes, if realised by an 
Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign 
entities to which the Products are connected), an Italian resident commercial partnership or an Italian 
resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Products are connected.  
Any capital gains realised by a Productholder that is a Real Estate Fund will be subject neither 
to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund. Subsequent 
distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders of the Real Estate Fund and income realised 
by the unitholders or shareholders in the event of redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Real 
Estate Fund may be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.. Moreover,

--- Page 533 ---
533 
 
 
subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and the percentage of its 
participation, income realised by Real Estate Funds may be attributed to the relevant investors and 
subject to tax in their hands irrespective of its actual collection and in proportion to the percentage of 
ownership of units or shares on a tax transparency basis. 
Any capital gains realised by an Italian Productholder that is a Fund will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the 
relevant tax period which is exempt from income tax. Subsequent distributions made in favour of 
unitholders or shareholders and income realised by the unitholders or shareholders in the event of 
redemption or sale of the units or shares in the Fund may be subject, in certain circumstances, to a 
withholding tax of 26 per cent.. 
Any capital gains realised by a Productholder that is an Italian pension fund (subject to the 
regime provided for by Article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included 
in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per 
cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including a minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, capital gains on the Products may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. 
substitute tax if the Products are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Non-Italian resident Productholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Productholders, not having a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Products are connected, from the sale or redemption of Products 
traded on regulated markets in Italy or abroad are neither subject to the imposta sostitutiva nor to any 
other Italian income tax (subject to timely filling of required documentation (in particular, a self-
declaration stating that the Productholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes) with Italian qualified 
intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the Products 
are deposited) even if the Products are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set forth by any 
applicable double tax treaty. Italian tax authorities have clarified that the notion of multilateral trading 
facility (MTF) under EU Directive 2014/65/CE (so called MiFID II) can be assimilated to that of “regulated 
market” for income tax purposes; conversely, organized trading facilities (OTF), not falling in the 
definition of MTF under MiFID II, cannot be assimilated to “regulated market” for Italian income tax 
purposes.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Productholders, not having a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Products are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of 
the Products not traded on regulated markets and held in Italy are not subject to imposta sostitutiva 
provided that the Productholder (i) qualifies as the beneficial owner of the capital gain and is resident 
for income tax purposes in a country included in the White List; or (ii) is an international entity or body 
set up in accordance with international agreements ratified in Italy; or (iii) is a central bank or an entity 
which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) is an institutional investor which 
is incorporated in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer 
in its own country of incorporation, in any case, to the extent all the requirements and procedures set 
forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order 
to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time, if applicable.  
In this case, if the non Italian Productholders have opted for the risparmio amministrato regime or the 
risparmio gestito regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply upon condition that they file 
in due course with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration 
(autocertificazione) stating that they meet the requirements indicated above. 
If none of the conditions described above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident 
Productholders from the sale or redemption of the Products not traded on regulated markets and held 
in Italy are subject to imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 per cent..   
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Products are effectively connected that may benefit from a double tax treaty with Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Products are to be taxed only in 
the country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any 
capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Products provided all the conditions for its 
application are met.  In this case, if the non-Italian resident Productholders have opted for the risparmio 
amministrato regime or the risparmio gestito regime, exemption from Italian capital gains tax will apply 
upon the condition that they file in due course with the authorised financial intermediary appropriate

--- Page 534 ---
534 
 
 
documents which include, inter alia, a statement issued by the competent tax authorities of the country 
of residence of the non Italian Productholders. 
Tax treatment of derivative financial instruments 
Based on the principles stated by the Italian tax authorities in Resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 
2010, payments in respect of Products qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments not 
entailing a "use of capital" (impiego di capitale) as well as capital gains realised through the sale of the 
same Products would be subject to Italian taxation according to the same rules described under the 
section headed "Capital gains tax" above. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to registration tax as follows: (a) public 
deeds and notarised deeds are subject to a fixed registration tax of €200; (b) private deeds are subject 
to registration tax only in case of voluntary registration, explicit reference (enunciazione) or case of use 
(caso d'uso). 
Inheritance and gift taxes  
Pursuant to Law No. 346 of 31 October 1990 and Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as 
subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including the Products) as a result of gift, 
donation or succession of Italian residents and non-Italian residents (but in such latter case limited to 
assets held within the Italian territory – which, for presumption of law, includes bonds issued by Italian 
resident issuers) are subject to Italian inheritance and gift taxes as follows: 
(a) transfers in favour of the spouse and direct descendants or ascendants are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,000,000;  
(b) transfers in favour of the brothers or sisters are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied 
at a rate of 6 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, 
€100,000;  
(c) transfers in favour of all other relatives up to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law up to the 
third degree, are subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value 
of the inheritance or the gift; and 
(d) any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 
per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate 
mentioned above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, a threshold of 
€1,500,000.  
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Products) as a result of death is exempt from 
inheritance tax when such financial instruments are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth by Italian law, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time.  
Stamp duties 
Pursuant to Article 13(2-ter) of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 
October 1972, as amended ("Decree 642"), a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to 
any periodic reporting communications which may be sent by an Italian based financial intermediary to 
its clients in respect of any financial product and instrument (including the Products) which may be 
deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy.  The stamp duty is collected by the resident banks 
and other financial intermediaries and applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed Euro 14,000 
for taxpayers other than individuals.  This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or, 
if no market value figure is available, on the basis of face value or redemption value, or in the case the 
face or redemption values cannot be determined, on the basis of purchase value of the financial assets 
held. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, including with respect to the 
instruments for which it is not mandatory the deposit, the release or the drafting of the statement. In 
case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Pursuant to the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 
24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued

--- Page 535 ---
535 
 
 
by the Bank of Italy on 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an 
entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and to non-Italian resident investors, to the extent 
that the relevant securities (including the Products) are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary 
(and not directly held by the investor outside Italy, in which case Italian wealth tax (see below under 
“Wealth tax on financial products held abroad”) applies to Italian resident Productholders only). 
Tax monitoring  
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments by Law No. 
227 of 4 August 1990, as amended, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships 
(società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) resident in Italy 
for tax purposes under certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their 
yearly income tax return the amount of investments directly or indirectly held abroad. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the 
financial instruments, are the beneficial owner of the instrument. 
No disclosure requirements exist, inter alia, for investments and financial activities (including 
the Products) under management or administration entrusted to Italian resident intermediaries and for 
contracts concluded through their intervention, provided that the cash flows and the income derived 
from such activities and contracts have been subject to Italian withholding or substitute tax by 
intermediaries themselves.  
Wealth tax on financial products held abroad 
In accordance with Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with 
amendments by Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, as amended, individuals, non-commercial entities 
and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree 
No. 917) resident in Italy for tax purposes holding financial products – including the Products – outside 
of the Italian territory are required to declare in their own annual tax return and pay a wealth tax at the 
rate of 0.2 per cent. ("IVAFE").  For taxpayers other than individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 
per year. 
The tax applies on the market value at the end of the relevant year or – in the lack of the market 
value – on the nominal value or redemption value of such financial products held outside of the Italian 
territory.  Taxpayers can generally deduct from the tax a tax credit equal to any wealth taxes paid in the 
State where the financial products are held (up to the amount of the Italian wealth tax due). 
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are 
administered by Italian financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, 
the above mentioned stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Decree 642 does 
apply. 
Italian financial transaction tax 
Pursuant to Article 1(491 et seq) of Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, a financial transaction 
tax ("FTT") applies to (i) transfers of property rights in shares and other participating securities issued 
by Italian resident companies (together, the "Relevant Participating Instruments"); (ii) transfers of 
property rights in financial instruments representing any such Relevant Participating Instruments, 
whether or not such financial instruments are issued by Italian resident issuers (such financial 
instruments, together the Relevant Participating Instruments, the "Relevant Instruments"); and (iii) 
derivative transactions referencing Relevant Instruments (i.e. derivative transactions or derivative 
financial instruments and certain equity-linked securities having an underlying mainly represented by 
one or more of Relevant Instruments or whose value is mainly linked to the Relevant Instruments) 
including securitised derivatives referencing Relevant Instruments (e.g. certificates). 
With respect to derivative transactions referencing Relevant Instruments including securitised 
derivatives the FTT applies regardless of the tax residence of both the counterparties of the transactions 
and/or where the transaction is executed. The FTT is levied at a fixed amount ranging between Euro 
0.01875 and Euro 200 per transaction, which varies depending on the features and notional value of 
the securitised derivatives.  A reduced FTT (one fifth of the standard rate) is payable in respect of 
transactions executed on certain qualifying regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities.  
The FTT due in respect of derivative transactions referencing Relevant Instruments including 
securitised derivatives is payable by both counterparties to a transaction.  However, the FTT does not 
apply where one of the parties to the transaction is the European Union, the ECB (European Central

--- Page 536 ---
536 
 
 
Bank), central banks of the EU Member States, foreign central banks or entities which manage the 
official reserves of a foreign State, or international bodies or entities set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy. Further specific exemptions exist 
including, inter alia, for (i) subjects who carry on market making activities; (ii) mandatory social security 
entities and pension funds set up according to Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005; and 
(iii) entities merely interposed in the execution of a transaction. 
The FTT is levied by the banks and other financial intermediaries (società fiduciarie e imprese 
di investimento abilitate all'esercizio professionale nei confronti del pubblico dei servizi e delle attività 
di investimento) ("Intermediaries") that are involved, in any way, in the execution of the transaction 
and subsequently paid to the Italian tax authorities. If more than one Intermediary is involved in the 
execution of the transaction, the FTT is levied by the Intermediary who receives the order of execution 
by the purchaser of the Relevant Instruments or, in the case of a derivative transaction or securitised 
derivative referencing a Relevant Instrument, by the counterparty to or purchaser of such derivative.  
Intermediaries not resident in Italy can appoint an Italian representative for the purposes of the FTT.  If 
no Intermediaries are involved in the execution of the transaction, the relevant FTT must be paid by 
each relevant party to the transaction itself.

--- Page 537 ---
537 
 
 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION  
Overview of Distribution Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated distribution 
agreement (as further amended and supplemented as at the date of issue of the Products, where 
applicable) dated 12 April 2021, as amended between the Issuer and Leonteq Securities AG (the 
"Distribution Agreement"), the Products will be distributed on a continuous basis by Leonteq 
Securities AG. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Products directly in its capacity as a 
Dealer.  
The Issuer will pay Leonteq Securities AG such distribution fees and reimburse of such costs 
as determined in a cooperation agreement entered into between the parties.  
Selling Restrictions in respect of the Products 
United States 
The Notes, and the securities (if any) to be delivered under the terms of the Notes, have not 
been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the "Securities 
Act") or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. No Notes, or 
interests therein, may be offered, sold, or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in 
accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
Terms used in this paragraph and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. Neither the sale nor trading in Notes has been approved by the 
CFTC pursuant to the CEA. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or 
to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether 
TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further bank appointed as Dealer will agree that, except as 
permitted by the Distribution Agreement, it will not offer, sell or in the case of Notes in bearer form, 
deliver the Notes of any identifiable tranche (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 
40 days after completion of the distribution of such tranche as determined, and certified by the relevant 
Dealer, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined herein). 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further bank appointed as Dealer will agree that it will have sent to 
each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes set out above. Terms used in this 
paragraph and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of 
such Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating 
in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is 
made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Warrants and Certificates and the securities (if any) to be delivered under the terms of the 
Warrants and Certificates, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under 
the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. No Warrant and no Certificate 
may be offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged, delivered, exercised or redeemed, directly or 
indirectly, at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, one or more of the 
following: (1) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, (2) a "U.S. person" 
as defined in (a) the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain 
Swap Regulations Promulgated by the CFTC or (b) the Final Rule Relating to Cross-Border Application 
of the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap 
Participants Promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or supplemented from time 
to time, pursuant to the CEA or (3) any other "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in Regulation 
S or in regulations or guidance adopted under the Commodity Exchange Act (each such person, a U.S. 
person), and any such transfer shall not be recognized.. Furthermore, the Warrants and the Certificates 
do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, swaps or contracts of sale of a commodity for future

--- Page 538 ---
538 
 
 
delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA. Neither the sale or trading in Warrants and Certificates 
has been approved by the CFTC pursuant to the CEA, and no U.S. person (as defined herein) may at 
any time trade, exercise or maintain a position in the Warrants and the Certificates.  
As used herein with respect to the Certificates and Warrants, "U.S. person" means a person 
that is any one or more of the following: (1) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act, (2) a "U.S. person" as defined in (a) the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement 
Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations Promulgated by the CFTC or (b) the Final Rule 
Relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements 
Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants Promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the CEA or (3) any other "U.S. 
person" as such term may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations or guidance adopted under the 
Commodity Exchange Act (each such person, a U.S. person). 
The Warrants and the Certificates may not be exercised within the United States. The exercise 
of the Warrants or Certificates will be conditional upon the holder (and any person on whose behalf the 
holder is acting) not being a U.S. person. The securities to be delivered upon the exercise of the 
Warrants or Certificates may not be delivered within the United States upon exercise other than in 
"offshore transactions" pursuant to Regulation S, unless registered under the Act or an exemption from 
such registration is available. 
Each prospective purchaser of Warrants or Certificates, by accepting delivery of this 
Base Prospectus and the Warrants or Certificates, will be deemed to have represented and 
agreed as follows: 
(a) 
it understands that Warrants or Certificates and the securities (if any) to be delivered 
when Warrants or Certificates are redeemed, have not been, and will not be, registered 
under the Securities Act, or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States; and that trading in Warrants or Certificates has not been approved 
by the CFTC under the CEA, or by the SEC; 
(b) 
it is not a U.S. person (as defined herein) and, if it is acting for the account or benefit 
of another person, such other person is also not a U.S. person (as defined herein); 
(c) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial 
owner of an interest in Warrants or Certificates to certify periodically that such beneficial 
owner is not a U.S. person; 
(d) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the 
transfer of an interest in Warrants or Certificates in violation of the transfer restrictions 
applicable to such Warrants; 
(e) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial 
owner who is a U.S. person to (i) sell its interests in Warrants or Certificates to a person 
who is not a U.S. person in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S under the 
Securities Act, or (ii) transfer its interests in Warrants or Certificates to the Issuer or an 
affiliate of the Issuer at a price equal to the lesser of (x) the purchase price therefor 
paid by such beneficial owner, (y) 100 per cent. of the principal amount thereof and (z) 
the fair market value thereof; 
(f) 
it understands that the Warrants and Certificates will bear a legend to the following 
effect: 
THIS [WARRANT/CERTIFICATE] AND THE SECURITIES (IF ANY) TO BE DELIVERED 
WHEN THIS [WARRANT/CERTIFICATE] IS REDEEMED, HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES 
ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, AND TRADING IN [WARRANTS/CERTIFICATES] HAS 
NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE 
"CFTC") UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED (THE "CEA"), 
OR 
BY 
THE 
U.S. 
SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE 
COMMISSION 
(THE 
"SEC"). 
THIS 
[WARRANT/CERTIFICATE] MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING: BY ITS ACQUISITION 
HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER: 
(1) 
CERTIFIES THAT (A) IT ACQUIRED THIS [WARRANT/CERTIFICATE] OR SUCH 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION (AS SUCH TERM IS

--- Page 539 ---
539 
 
 
DEFINED UNDER REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION 
S"); (B) IT IS NOT ANY OF THE FOLLOWING (X) A "U.S. PERSON' AS DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S, AND (Y) A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED IN (1) THE 
INTERPRETIVE 
GUIDANCE 
AND 
POLICY 
STATEMENT 
REGARDING 
COMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN SWAP REGULATIONS PROMULGATED BY THE 
CFTC OR (2) THE FINAL RULE RELATING TO CROSS-BORDER APPLICATION OF 
THE 
REGISTRATION 
THRESHOLDS 
AND 
CERTAIN 
REQUIREMENTS 
APPLICABLE TO SWAP DEALERS AND MAJOR SWAP PARTICIPANTS 
PROMULGATED BY THE CFTC, IN EACH CASE AS AMENDED, MODIFIED OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, PURSUANT TO THE CEA OR (Z) ANY 
OTHER "U.S. PERSON" AS SUCH TERM MAY BE DEFINED IN REGULATION S OR 
IN REGULATIONS OR GUIDANCE ADOPTED UNDER THE COMMODITY 
EXCHANGE ACT (EACH SUCH PERSON, A U.S. PERSON) (ANY PERSON 
SATISFYING (X), (Y) or (Z) ABOVE, A "U.S. PERSON"); AND (C) IF IT IS ACQUIRING 
THIS [WARRANT/CERTIFICATE] OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERSON, SUCH OTHER PERSON IS ALSO 
NOT A U.S. PERSON;  
(2) 
AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT IT WILL NOT, AT ANY TIME 
DURING THE TERM OF THIS [WARRANT/CERTIFICATE], OFFER, SELL, RESELL 
OR DELIVER, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON AND 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR 
A TRANSFER OF ANY [WARRANT/CERTIFICATE] OR INTEREST THEREIN IN 
VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING; 
(3) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ANY TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING AT 
ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THIS [WARRANT/CERTIFICATE] WILL BE OF 
NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO 
TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY 
INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER, THE REGISTRAR, ANY 
AGENT OR ANY INTERMEDIARY; 
(4) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IF AT ANY TIME THE ACQUIRER BECOMES A U.S. 
PERSON, THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO (A) COMPEL THE ACQUIRER TO 
SELL SUCH [WARRANT/CERTIFICATE] OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AS 
APPLICABLE, TO A PERSON WHO IS NOT A U.S. PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE 
TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, 
OR 
(B) 
COMPEL 
THE 
BENEFICIAL 
OWNER 
TO 
TRANSFER 
SUCH 
[WARRANT/CERTIFICATE] 
OR 
BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST 
THEREIN, 
AS 
APPLICABLE, TO THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER FOR THE 
LESSER OF (X) THE PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR PAID BY THE BENEFICIAL 
OWNER, (Y) 100 PER CENT. OF THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT THEREOF AND (Z) THE 
FAIR MARKET VALUE THEREOF; AND  
(5) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER MAY COMPEL EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER 
OF THE [WARRANTS/CERTIFICATES] TO CERTIFY PERIODICALLY THAT SUCH 
BENEFICIAL OWNER IS NOT A U.S. PERSON. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The selling restrictions may not be applicable in the context of a Public Offer, in which case the relevant 
Public Offer Jurisdictions in respect of which the selling restrictions do not apply will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms of such Public Offer.  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Products specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Products which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 540 ---
540 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "an offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Products to be offered so as 
to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Products.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Products specifies "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each, a "Relevant 
State"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Products which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, to the public in that Relevant 
State except that it may make an offer of Products to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms specify that an offer of those Products, as the case may be, may be 
made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant 
State (a "Non-exempt Offer" or “Public Offer”), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Products, as the case may be, which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final 
Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in 
such prospectus or Final Terms/Separate Warrant Final Terms and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purposes of that Non-exempt Offer or Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Products, as the case may be, referred to in paragraph (b) to (d) above 
shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an "offer of Products to the public" in relation to any Products in any Relevant 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Products to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Products; and 
• 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
 Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes and/or Warrants for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms/Separate Warrant Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement/Separate Warrant Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt 
Products/Separate Warrants), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes and/or 
Warrants may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the 
meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian 
Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, 
resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes and/or Warrants, and that it has not distributed, and will not

--- Page 541 ---
541 
 
 
distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in 
relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.  
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  
Unless specified in the applicable Final Terms that a Non-Exempt Offer or Public Offer may be 
made in Luxembourg, each Dealer will be required to represent and agree, or has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that the Products  have not been and will not be offered, sold, distributed or publicly promoted 
or advertised by it in Luxembourg other than in compliance with an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Prospectus Act 2019 each as amended, or any other laws applicable from time to time 
in Luxembourg governing the issue, offering, sale and distribution of the securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the selling restrictions set out in this Base Prospectus under 
“Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” apply in connection with distributions of Products in 
Luxembourg. In addition, no offering, sale or distribution of Products to retail investors in Luxembourg 
may be made which would qualify as binary options under the CSSF Regulation No. 19-05 on binary 
options (the “Binary Options”). A Binary Option is defined by the CSSF as a derivative that meets the 
following conditions, irrespective of whether it is traded on a trading venue: 
(i) it must be settled in cash or may be settled in cash at the option of one of the parties other than by 
reason of default or other termination event;  
(ii) it only provides for payment at its close-out or expiry; and 
(iii) its payment is limited to: 
(a) a predetermined fixed amount or zero if the underlying of the derivative meets on or more 
predetermined conditions; and 
(b) a predetermined fixed amount or zero if the underlying of the derivative does not meet on or more 
predetermined conditions. 
Further, in accordance with the CSSF Regulation No. 19-06 on contracts for differences (the 
“CSSF Regulation on CFD”), no Products qualifying as contracts for differences (the “CFD”) may be 
distributed or marketed in or from Luxembourg to retail investors unless the conditions set out under 
Article 2 of the CSSF Regulation on CFD are met. CFD is defined by the CSSF as a derivative: 
(i) other than an option, future, swap or forward rate agreement;  
(ii) the purpose of which is to give the holder a long or short exposure to fluctuations in the price, level 
or value of an underlying, irrespective of whether it is traded on a trading venue; and  
(iii) must be settled in cash at the option of one of the parties other than by reason of default or other 
termination event. 
The Netherlands  
 Unless specified in the relevant Final Terms that a Non-Exempt Offer or Public Offer may be 
made in the Netherlands, each Dealer will be required to represent and agree, or has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable Dutch laws and regulations in force regarding the 
offer, the placement or the sale of the Products and the distribution in the Netherlands of the Base 
Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms/Separate Warrant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement/Separate 
Warrant Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Products/Separate Warrants) or any other offering 
material relating to the Products. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the selling restrictions set out in the Prospectus under “Prohibition 
of sales to EEA Retail Investors” apply in connection with distributions of Products in The Netherlands.

--- Page 542 ---
542 
 
 
Furthermore, no Products which could be considered as “turbos” according to the Dutch 
Authority for the Financial Markets’ (the “AFM”) "Decision on restrictions on turbos" on 30 June 2021,  
may be offered, distributed or sold to Dutch retail investors. A turbo is defined by the AFM as follows: 
"(i) a transferable bond that has a stop-loss feature and whose value is derived from an underlying value 
and the financing of the underlying value or (ii) another transferable debt instrument that has a stop-
loss feature and whose value is derived from an underlying value and the financing of the underlying 
value". 
The limitations on the offering of turbos to Dutch retail investors may have a form of: 
(i) 
leverage limitations – the turbo provider does not issue an offer price for a turbo if the leverage 
of the turbo exceeds the maximum leverage (the leverage cap);  
(ii) 
mandatory risk warning – the turbo provider must add a mandatory warning to the information 
they provide to the retail client and to the communication they have with the retail client relating to the 
turbos. This warning must state a standard or company-specific loss percentages; and 
(iii) 
prohibition on bonus – the turbo provider shall not, directly or indirectly, provide the retail client 
with a benefit of any kind for convincing the retail investor to trade or increase their trading in turbos 
(trading bonuses). This includes, waving transaction fees or promotion actions. 
Any Product that would classify as a “turbo” may only be offered to the professional investors. 
France 
Each Dealer and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it complies with applicable French 
laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Products and the 
distribution in France of this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms/Separate Warrant Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement/Separate Warrant Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Products/Separate Warrants) or any other offering material relating to the Products. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the selling restrictions set out in this Base Prospectus under 
“Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” apply in connection with distributions of Products in 
France. 
Furthermore, the Products may only be sold, marketed and/or distributed in France to non-
professional clients in compliance with the position no. 2010-05 issued by the French Authority for the 
Financial Markets (the “AMF”) on the marketing of complex financial instruments dated 15 October 
2010, as amended on 8 October 2018 (Position no. 2010-05) referring to the concept of “complex 
securities”. Under the Position no. 2010-05, the AMF has determined three categories of “complex debt 
securities”:  
(i) structured financial instruments that are highly complex and with a high risk relating to inappropriate 
marketing;  
(ii) structured financial instruments that are complex and with a potential risk relating to inappropriate 
marketing; and  
(iii) other financial instruments that are implementing simple management techniques and without any 
high risk relating to inappropriate marketing.  
The Position no. 2010-05 applies to the marketing of complex products (even to products 
governed by foreign law) in France to non-professional clients (i.e. it does not apply to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients).  
Furthermore, no fund linked Products which could be considered as a form of indirect marketing 
of the underlying undertakings for the collective investment in transferable.

--- Page 543 ---
543 
 
 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes, Certificates or the Warrants  have 
not been and will not be offered, sold, distributed or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the Federal 
Republic of Germany other than in compliance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (as 
defined above), the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) each as amended, 
or any other laws applicable from time to time in the Federal Republic of Germany governing the issue, 
offering, sale and distribution of the securities.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the selling restrictions set out in this Base Prospectus under 
“Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” apply in connection with distributions of Products in 
Germany. 
In addition, no Products that qualify as binary options may be distributed to retail clients in 
Germany by firms that carry out activity in or from Germany. This prohibition does not apply to products 
considered as binary options and possessing certain features (in particular, term of no less than 90 
days, issuance under a prospectus that has been drawn up in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, provider is not subject to market risk during the term of the product).  
Furthermore, no Products that qualify as CFD (including Rolling Spot FX products and financial 
spread bets) may be sold, marketed or distributed to retail clients in Germany by firms that carry out 
activity in or from Germany.  
Furthermore, no Products may be sold, marketed or distributed in Germany which do not 
comply with guidance / product warnings from The German Federal Supervisory Authority (the “BaFin”) 
and the advice from the German Derivatives Association (the “DDV”). The DDV, representing German 
certificate issuers, has published the document on worst-of certificates, the “Principles for the issuance 
of worst-of certificates for distribution to retail clients in Germany” (Grundsätze für die Emission von 
Worst-of-Schuldverschreibungen zum Vertrieb an Privatkunden in Deutschland). In these principles, 
the members of the DDV commit themselves to only issue worst-of certificates with certain features 
(e.g. only referencing products linked to a limited numbers of underlyings which are carefully selected) 
and to use a consistent naming convention for such products.   
DDV has also published the “Explanations regarding the rights of termination for open-end 
certificates for private investors” (Erläuterungen zu den Kündigungsrechten bei sogenannten Open-End 
Schuldverschreibungen für Privatanleger). The members of the German Derivatives Association 
commit themselves to certain minimum standards regarding notice periods. Under these standards, 
certificates with an investment horizon of three to five years should have a minimum notice period of 
one month. Certificates with an investment horizon of less than one year, on the other hand, can still 
have a minimum notice period of one day. 
 
Austria 
Each Dealer will be required to represent and agree, or has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it complies 
with applicable Austrian laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of 
the Products and the distribution in Austria of the Products described under the Base Prospectus, the 
applicable Final Terms/Separate Warrant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement/Separate Warrant Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Products/Separate Warrants) or any other offering material relating 
to the Products.

--- Page 544 ---
544 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the selling restrictions set out in this Base Prospectus under 
“Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” apply in connection with distributions of Products in 
Austria. 
The Products may be offered for the first time in Austria only once a notification to the issue calendar 
(Emissionskalender) of the Austrian Control Bank (Oesterreichische Kontrollbank Aktiengesellschaft), 
all as prescribed by the Austrian Capital Market Act 2019, as amended (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019), has 
been filed as soon as possible prior to the commencement of the relevant offer of the Products.  
Italy 
In addition to the selling restrictions set out in this Base Prospectus under “Prohibition of sales 
to EEA Retail Investors”, which apply in connection with distributions of Products in Italy,  no Products 
may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Products be distributed in the Republic of Italy (unless it is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms that a Non-Exempt Offer or Public Offer may be made in Italy), except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971 of the Italian Companies and 
Exchange Commission (“CONSOB”) Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (Regulation No. 11971), as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Products or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Products in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended (the “Italian Financial Services Act”), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
(the Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the 
Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or 
any other Italian authority. 
Furthermore, no distribution, marketing or sale of Products may be made in Italy which could 
constitute a violation of article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, to the extent it is applicable. Article 
100-bis provides that, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies, Products which 
are initially offered and placed in Italy or abroad to qualified investors only, but in the following year are 
regularly ("sistematicamente") distributed on the secondary market in Italy become subject to the Public 
Offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Italian Financial Services Act and 
Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Products being 
declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the financial instruments for 
any damages suffered by the investors. 
Denmark 
 
Each Dealer will be required to represent and agree or has represented and agreed and all 
subsequent and additional Dealers appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree that they have not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes directly or indirectly 
in Denmark by way of public offering, unless in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation, 
Consolidation Act No. 1767 of 27 November 2020, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time 
to time from time to time (the “Danish Capital Markets Act”), and Executive Orders issued thereunder, 
as well as Executive Order on Investor Protection in Securities Trading No. 2092 of 14 December 2020,

--- Page 545 ---
545 
 
 
as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, and issued pursuant to the Danish Financial 
Business Act. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the selling restrictions set out in this Base Prospectus under “Prohibition of 
sales to EEA Retail Investors” apply in connection with distributions of Products in Denmark.  
Switzerland 
As a result of having derivative components, the Products may be considered structured 
products in Switzerland pursuant to article 70 of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services of 15 June 
2018 ("FinSA"). They do not qualify as units of a collective investment scheme according to the relevant 
provisions of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 2006 ("CISA"), as 
amended, and are not registered thereunder. Therefore, the Products are neither governed by the CISA 
nor authorised or supervised by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). 
Accordingly, holders of the Products do not have the benefit of the specific investor protection provided 
under the CISA. 
No Swiss prospectus under FinSA – This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with 
the offering of the Products. This Base Prospectus may not be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland and the Prodcuts are not and will not be admitted to trading on a Swiss 
trading venue, unless the requirements for such public offering or admittance to trading in Switzerland 
are met (see below). 
The Products documented in this Base Prospectus may only be offered, sold or advertised, 
directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland if (i) the Products are addressed solely to investors 
classified as professional clients (professionelle Kunden) or institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) 
within the meaning of the FinSA ("Professional or Institutional Clients"), but they are not addressed 
to any retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) within the meaning of FinSA ("Retail Clients"); or 
(ii) to the extent the Products shall also be addressed to Retail Clients, if the requirements for the 
distribution of Products too Retail Clients in Switzerland are met (see below). 
Professional or Institutional Clients include: (a) financial intermediaries regulated pursuant to 
the Swiss Federal Banking Act of 8 November 1934, the Swiss Federal Financial Institutions Act of 15 
June 2018 or the CISA; (b) regulated insurance undertakings pursuant to the Swiss Federal Insurance 
Supervision Act of 17 December 2004; (c) foreign financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings 
subject to a similar prudential supervision as the financial intermediaries or insurance undertakings 
pursuant to (a) and (b) above; (d) central banks; (e) public entities with professional treasury operations; 
(f) pension funds and occupational pension schemes with professional treasury operations; (g) 
undertakings with professional treasury operations; (h) large companies that exceed two of the following 
thresholds: (1) a balance sheet total of CHF 20 million, (2) turnover of CHF 40 million, and (3) own 
capital of CHF 2 million; (i) private investment structures for high-net worth individuals with professional 
treasury operations; and (j) Opting-out Clients. 
An "Opting-out Client" (vermögende Privatkundinnen und -kunden) is a Retail Client who 
confirms (i) that, based on the education/professional experience or based on comparable experience 
in the financial sector, he/she/it has the necessary knowledge to understand the risks resulting from an 
investment in the Certificates and who owns, directly or indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least 
CHF 500,000, or (ii) that he/she/it owns, directly or indirectly, eligible financial assets of at least CHF 2 
million. 
Retail Clients are all clients other than Professional or Institutional Clients. 
Requirements for public offers or admission to trading in Switzerland – If and to the extent 
the Products will be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning FinSA or if 
the Products shall be admitted to trading on a Swiss trading venue within the meaning of the Swiss 
Federal Financial Market Infrastructure Act of 19 June 2015 ("FMIA"), e.g. the SIX Swiss Exchange, a 
prospectus pursuant to the requirements of Article 40 et seq. FinSA would be required. Such 
requirement may be met on the basis of (i) an automatic recognition of this Base Prospectus in 
Switzerland under the rules of the FinSA by way of a notification of, and a registration of the Base 
Prospectus with, a Swiss prospectus office (a "FinSA Prospectus Office") pursuant to the rules of the 
FinSA, as implemented by the relevant FinSA Prospectus Office and (ii) depositing the relevant Final 
Terms or Separate Warrant Final Terms with the FinSA Prospectus Office. Such a registration pursuant 
to (i) would be possible for a Base Prospectus that is approved by the CSSF, as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation, i.e. for any Products other than Exempt Products.

--- Page 546 ---
546 
 
 
Except to the extent the Base Prospectus is registered with the FinSA Prospectus Office under 
the rules of the FinSA, neither this Programme nor any other offering or marketing material relating to 
the Products constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Programme nor any other 
offering or marketing material relating to the Products may be publicly distributed or otherwise made 
publicly available in Switzerland, unless the requirements of FinSA and the respective implementing 
ordinances for such public distribution are complied with. 
Requirements to prepare KID for distribution to Retail Clients in Switzerland – If an to the extent 
the Products will be offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly to Retail Clients in 
Switzerland, a key investor document (Basisinformationsblatt) in the sense of Article 58 et seq. 
of FinSA relating to the Products (a "FinSA-KID") would need to be prepared, unless the Retail 
Clients shall receive a key information document pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation instead of 
a FinSA-KID. If the Products may only be offered to Retail Clients in the meaning of FinSA in the 
context of asset management mandates, such obligation to provide a FinSA-KID or a PRIIPs KID 
would not apply.  
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the 
Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of Products, to which it relates or in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
Other than with respect to the listing of the Products, no action has been taken in any jurisdiction 
that would permit a public offering of any of the Products, or possession or distribution of the Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Products and Warrants or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, 
any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall 
have responsibility thereof.

--- Page 547 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Products which 
are not Exempt Products issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Products are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[2MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Products has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Products is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Products to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Products (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Products (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
OR 
3[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Products has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Products is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; EITHER4 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Products are 
appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR 5[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Products to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID 
II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Products (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Products (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]6.] 
 [In accordance with Prospectus Regulation Article 8(11), insert the following (on first page) if intend to 
continue an offer following the expiry of the current Base Prospectus: The Base Prospectus (as defined 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should 
be specified to be "Applicable". 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
4 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
5 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there 
are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution 
services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
6 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination 
of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.

--- Page 548 ---
below) expires on []. On or prior to this date, a succeeding base prospectus (the "[] Base 
Prospectus") will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and 
on the website of the Issuer (www.bil.com). Thereafter, the offering of the Products will continue under 
the [] Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions (and form of final terms) from the Base Prospectus 
will be incorporated by reference into the [] Base Prospectus and will continue to apply to the 
Products.] 
 
 
Final Terms dated [] 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI): 9CZ7TVMR36CYD5TZBS50] 
 [Up 
to] 
[] 
[[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
European 
Barrier 
[with 
[(Return)]/[(Protection)]/[(Optimal Tracker)]/[(Inverse Participation [and High Strike])]/[Increased 
Downside 
Risk]]]/[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
American 
Barrier 
[with 
[(Return)]/[(Protection)]/[(Inverse 
Participation 
[and 
High 
Strike])]/[Increased 
Downside 
Risk][Yield Enhancement Products without Barrier [[(Inverse) with High Strike]/[with Downside 
Participation]]]]/[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
Stability 
Note]/[Twin 
Win 
with 
[European]/[American] Barrier ([Bullish]/[Bearish])]/[Fixed Redemption Products]/[Protection 
Products [with]/[without] [Barrier [and Strike Event]/[and Upside Protection]]/[Twin Win [and 
Low Strike ]]]/[Bonus Products [(European Barrier)]/[(European Barrier with Upside 
Participation)]/[(European Barrier with Downside Participation)]/[(European Barrier with Bonus 
Cap)]/[(American 
Barrier 
with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Upside Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Upside 
Participation and Downside Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Bonus Cap)]/[(American 
Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap)]]]/[Reverse Convertible Products (Single 
Underlying)]/[Reverse Convertible Products (Basket of Underlyings)]/[Reverse Convertible 
Product (Spread Underlying)]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products with European 
Barrier]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier]/[Barrier Reverse 
Convertible Products with European Barrier and Participation]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products with American Barrier and Participation]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with 
Leverage Downside]/[Dual Currency Product[with Upside in Investment Currency]/[with Upside 
in Alternative Currency Payout]]/[Tracker Product [(Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Quanto FX and no Dividends)]/[( Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[(Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Composite FX and no 
Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units))]/[(Single Underlying with 
no FX and no Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units))]/[(Single Underlying 
with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[( 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[(Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX (Notional Units))]/[Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with no FX and no Dividends]/[(Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with no FX (Notional Units))]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Basket 
of Underlyings with Quanto FX and no Dividends)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at 
Redemption)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends)]/[(Basket of 
Underlyings with no FX and no Dividends)]]/[Discount Product]/[Leverage Product [(Call

--- Page 549 ---
Warrant Product[with Lock-In Feature]/[with High Watermark Redemption])]/[(Put Warrant 
Product)]/[(Call Knock-Out Warrant Product)]/[(Put Knock-Out Warrant Product)]/[(Bullish Mini 
Future 
Product)]/[(Bearish 
Mini 
Future 
Product)]]/[Outperformance 
Product 
with 
Participation]/[Participation Certificate with Airbag feauture]/[Long/Short Product[with no 
Management Fee Deduction]/[with Management Fee Deduction]/[with Outperformance 
Particiaption]]/[Dispersion 
Products]/[Steepener 
Product 
with 
Spread 
(Note 
or 
Certificate)]/[Steepener Product with Accrual Steepener (Warrant)]/[Steepener Product with 
Single Look (Warrant)]/[Flexible Barrier Product]/[Rate Linked Product]] due [] under the 
European 
Issuance 
and 
Offering 
Programme 
[the 
["[Certificates]/[Notes]" 
or 
the] 
"Products"]/[(to be consolidated and to form a single series with the [] Products due [], and 
issued on [][, the [] Products due [], and issued on []] [and the [] Products due [], and 
issued on []] under the European Issuance and Offering Programme (the Tranche [] Products 
[and Tranche [] Products]))]  
[Issue Price: [] [per cent. of the [Issue Size]/[Specified Denomination]/[Notional Amount]]/[per 
Certificate]] 
[ISIN: []] 
[Series: []] 
[Tranche: []] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Products (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 6 July 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Products described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be 
read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. [A 
summary of the Product is annexed to these Final Terms]. The Base Prospectus has been published 
on [Issuer's/ Luxembourg Stock Exchange's] website.]  
The Products documented in these Final Terms may be considered structured products in Switzerland 
pursuant to Article 70 of the Swiss Financial Services Act of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA") and are not subject 
to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). None of the Products 
constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the meaning of the Collective 
Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006 ("CISA") and are neither subject to the authorisation nor the 
supervision by the FINMA and investors do not benefit from the specific investor protection provided 
under the CISA. Investors bear the credit risk of the Issuer. [The Products documented in these Final 
Terms are not being offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland to retail 
clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) within the meaning of FinSA ("Retail Clients"). Neither these 
Final Terms nor any offering materials relating to the Products may be available to Retail Clients in or 
from Switzerland. The offering of the Products directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland is only 
made by way of private placement by addressing the Products solely at investors classified as 
professional clients (professionelle Kunden) or institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) within the 
meaning of FinSA ("Professional or Institutional Clients").]7 or [The Programme has been registered, 
and the Final Terms have been depositied, with a Swiss prospectus office under the rules of the FinSA 
and the Products documented in these Final Terms may be offered, sold or advertised, directly or 
indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) within the meaning 
of FinSA ("Retail Clients") in a way that triggers a prospectus requirement under the FinSA. The 
Programme and these Final Terms are available on [specify website] or may be requested as hard 
copies on request of the investor at [specify address].]8]9  
 
The 
Base 
Prospectus, 
and 
any 
supplements 
thereto, 
are 
available 
for 
viewing 
at  
https://www.bil.com/en/bil-group/investor-relations/Pages/index.aspx. Terms used herein shall have 
                                                     
7 Include where no offer intended to Retail Clients in or from Switzerland. Please note that it would also be possible to benefit 
from such a private placement exemption, if: (a) the offer is made to less than 500 Retail Clients, (b) the denomination of the 
Products is at least CHF 100'000, (c) the Products may only be purchased by investors investing at least CHF 100'000; or (d) the 
offer does not exceed the cap of CHF 8'000'000 (over a 12 months period). In the event that the Issuer would benefit from such 
other exemption, please adjust the wording accordingly. 
8 Include where offer is not exempted from the Swiss prospectus requirements under the FinSA.  
9 Delete where no offer into Switzerland is intended.

--- Page 550 ---
the same meaning as in the General Conditions, the Payout Conditions and the applicable Underlying 
Specific Conditions (as may be amended and/or supplemented up to, and including, [insert Issue Date]) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus.  
 
[These Final Terms relate to each series of Products as set out in the table entitled 'Specific Provisions 
for each Series' below. References herein to "Products" shall be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Series of Products that are subject to these Final Terms and references to "Product" shall be 
construed accordingly.]

--- Page 551 ---
(Where the Final Terms cover two or more series of Products, the table below should be completed for 
all variables which will differ across the different series. The relevant line item for any such variable 
contained in the Final Terms below the table entitled 'Specified Provisions for each Series' should 
include the following language: "In respect of each Series, as specified in the table set out in 'Specific 
Provisions for each Series' above") 
[SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES 
ISIN 
[Common 
Code]/[Insert 
other 
security 
code] 
[Series] [Settlement 
Currency]/ 
[Investment 
Currency] 
[Issue Size at the 
Issue Date] 
[Redemption 
Date] 
[Insert 
other 
variable 
which 
will differ 
across 
different 
series] 
[Insert 
other 
variable 
which 
will differ 
across 
different 
series] 
[Insert 
other 
variable 
which 
will differ 
across 
different 
series] 
[Insert 
other 
variable 
which 
will differ 
across 
different 
series] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[]]

--- Page 552 ---
0067356-0000064 EUO2: 2002476219.4 
552 
 
 
Part A – OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 (Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be 
deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1. Security Codes: 
ISIN: 
[] 
FISN: 
[] 
CFI: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
WKN Number: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
Swiss Security Number: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
Other Identifier: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
2. Relevant Clearing System(s) [and the 
relevant identification number(s)]: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
[SIS [– identification number []]] (specify other; give 
name(s), address(es) and identification number(s)) [
] 
3. Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 553 ---
553 
 
 
Part B – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Provisions relating to the Products 
4. 
(a) 
Series: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Products shall be consolidated and form 
a single series with the Tranche [] Products[, 
the Tranche [] Products] [and the Tranche [
] Products] but shall not be fungible with the 
Tranche [] Products [, the Tranche [] 
Products] [and the Tranche [] Products] until 
such time as the clearing systems recognise 
the Products to be fungible with the Tranche [
] Products[, the Tranche [] Products] [and 
the Tranche [] Products].] 
5. 
[Settlement Currency]/[Investment 
Currency]: 
[] [Investment Currency should only be 
chosen where Dual Currency Products is 
applicable.]  
 
  
6. 
Products: 
[Notes]/[Certificates]/[Having the form of 
Certificates but entitled "Warrants"] 
7. 
Notes: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(a) 
Issue Size as at the Issue Date: 
[Up to] [] 
 
(i) 
Tranche: 
[[Up to] []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Series: 
[[Up to] []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Specified Denomination: 
[] 
 
(c) 
Minimum Tradable Lot: 
[] 
8. 
[Warrants]/[Certificates]: 
 
[Insert for Unit Certificates: Number of 
Products]/[Insert for Notional Certificates: 
Issue Size as at the Issue Date]: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs) 
 [Up to] [] [Certificates] 
 
(a) 
Tranche: 
[[Up to] [] [Certificates]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[[Up to] [] [Certificates]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
[Notional Amount:] 
[](Insert for Notional Certificates, otherwise 
delete) 
 
(b) 
[Minimum Tradable Lot:] 
[[] Certificate[s]] [Not Applicable] 
9. 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
10. 
Issue Price: 
[[Up to] [] per cent. of the [Issue 
Size]/[Specified 
Denomination]/[Notional 
Amount] [plus accrued interest from []]] / [[Up 
to] [] per Certificate [plus accrued interest 
from []]] 
11. 
Issue Date: 
[] 
12. 
Redemption Date: 
[]/[[] Business Days following the [Final 
Fixing Date]/[later of (a) the Final Fixing Date 
and (b) the Settlement FX Fixing Date][(or if 
such date falls on different dates for different

--- Page 554 ---
554 
 
 
Underlyings, the latest of such dates to 
occur)]]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 29 (Tracker 
Products) below] 
13. 
Interest Record Date: 
[[] Business Days prior to [the scheduled 
payment date for the relevant interest 
amount]/[the first day on which the Product is 
quoted without the entitlement to the payment 
of 
the 
relevant 
interest 
amount]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
14. 
FX Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable please delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Specified Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
15. 
CNY FX Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable please delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
CNY Financial Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Specified Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
16. 
Unwind Costs: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]  
17. 
Settlement Expenses: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]  
18. 
US Tax Selling Restriction: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[Not Applicable] 
19. 
Section 871(m) Withholding Tax: 
 
 
[The Issuer has determined (without regard to 
any other transactions) that payments on the 
Products should not be subject to US 
withholding tax under 871(m)] / [The Issuer 
has determined that payments on the 
Products are subject to US withholding tax 
under section 871(m)] / [Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to Payouts 
20. 
Partial Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Partial Redemption Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[As specified in the table 
below] 
 
− 
Partial Redemption Amount(s): 
[In respect of [each Partial Redemption 
Date]/[the 
Partial 
Redemption 
Date 
scheduled to fall on []], []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Partial 
Redemption Date)] / 
[As specified in the table below: 
Partial 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
Partial 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[] 
[] 
(Repeat as 
necessary) 
(Repeat as 
necessary) 
] 
21. 
Payout Style: 
[Yield Enhancement Products]/[Twin Win 
Products]/[Fixed 
Redemption

--- Page 555 ---
555 
 
 
Products]/[Protection 
Products]/[Bonus 
Products]/[Reverse 
Convertible 
Product]/[Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products]/[Dual Currency Product]/[Tracker 
Product]/[Discount 
Product]/[Leverage 
Product]/[Outperformance 
Product]/[Long/Short 
Product]/[Dispersion 
Products]/[Steepener 
Product]/[Flexible 
Barrier Product]/[Rate Linked Product] 
22. 
Yield Enhancement Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Yield Enhancement Product Style: 
[European Barrier]/[European Barrier with 
Return]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Protection]/[European Barrier with Optimal 
Tracker]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Inverse 
Participation]/[European Barrier with Inverse 
Participation and High Strike]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Increased 
Downside 
Risk]/[American Barrier]/[American Barrier 
with 
Return]/[American 
Barrier 
with 
Protection]/[American Barrier with Inverse 
Participation]/[American Barrier with Inverse 
Participation and High Strike]/[American 
Barrier 
with 
Increased 
Downside 
Risk]/[Without 
Barrier]/[Without 
Barrier 
(Inverse) with High Strike]/[Without Barrier 
with Downside Participation]/[Stability Note] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of 
the relevant Underlying Valuation Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph if Not Applicable)

--- Page 556 ---
556 
 
 
 
[− 
FX Rate (Initial) 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [●] [on 
the Initial Fixing Date [of such Underlying]]. 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Price Source: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], for the 
purposes of determining the FX Rate, []. 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
FX Rate Valuation Time: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], for the 
purposes of determining the FX Rate, [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)] 
 
(g) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Multiple Coupon Sets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[In respect of "Coupon Payment Date Set [
]":] [], [] and [] (Repeat as necessary for 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (the first 
set being 'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates, each][Each] date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(iii) 
Conditional Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Set 
of 
Coupon 
Payment 
Dates)]]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[In respect of Coupon Payment Date Set [
]][Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered Memory Coupon]/[Layered 
Coupon]  
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []], 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date [in a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
[the]/[each] rate specified in the column 
entitled 
'Coupon 
Rate' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [in Coupon 
Payment Date Set []] [each of [], [] and [
]]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [in a Set of

--- Page 557 ---
557 
 
 
Coupon Payment Dates], each date specified 
in the column entitled 'Coupon Observation 
Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table [for such Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(D) 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[]] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
and each Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(E) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] the Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level on 
the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[]], [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level] [of such Underlying]] 
(If the Conditional Coupon Style is specified 
as Layered Memory Coupon or Layered 
Coupon, repeat as necessary for each 
Coupon Trigger Level) 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding to 
a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level] as specified in the column

--- Page 558 ---
558 
 
 
entitled 'Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level' in the 
row[s] 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table [for such Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates] below] 
 
(iv) 
Daily 
Range 
Accrual 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Set 
of 
Coupon 
Payment 
Dates)]]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []], 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date [in a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
[the]/[each] rate specified in the column 
entitled 
'Coupon 
Rate' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(B) 
Coupon  
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [Each of the 
following: 
[From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[] 
to, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] []] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Coupon Observation Period)]/[Each period 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation 
Period(s)' 
in 
the 
Autocall 
Redemption Table below]] 
 
(C) 
Coupon Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[]] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
and each Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(D) 
Daily Range 
Accrual Coupon 
Trigger Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Lower 
Coupon Trigger Level [AND [below]/[at or 
below] the Upper Coupon Trigger Level] on 
the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []: Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] [are]/[is] [above]/[at or above]

--- Page 559 ---
559 
 
 
[the]/[their respective] Lower Coupon Trigger 
[Basket] Level [AND [below]/[at or below] 
[the]/[their respective] Upper Coupon Trigger 
[Basket] Level] on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(E) 
Lower 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] 
Level: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] [are]/[is] [above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[their respective] Lower Coupon Trigger 
[Basket] Level [AND [below]/[at or below] 
[the]/[their respective] Upper Coupon Trigger 
[Basket] Level] on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding to 
a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level] as specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level' in the 
row[s] 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table [for such Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates] below] 
 
(F) 
Upper 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[]], [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of []] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the [Strike Level]/[Initial 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level] 
[of 
such 
Underlying]][Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding to 
a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level] as specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level' in the 
row[s] 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table [for such Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates] below] 
 
(v) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 560 ---
560 
 
 
 
(A) 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []], [
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date 
[falling in a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
the amount set forth in the column entitled 
'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in 
the same row as such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table [for Coupon Payment Date Set []]*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon Trigger Level', 
'Coupon Trigger Basket Level' or 'Coupon Rate'. Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates) 
 
(h) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, []]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]/[Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount]/[High 
Watermark Autocallable] 
(Delete the two sub-paragraphs immediately 
below unless 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is 
specified) 
 
[− 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, []]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Fixed Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
− 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, []]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Autocall Redemption Date in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below]] 
 
(Delete the below sub-paragraph unless 'High Watermark Autocallable' is specified) 
 
[− 
Minimum 
Early 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]]

--- Page 561 ---
561 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Autocall Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an [Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation 
Period], the date set forth in column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying [each of [
], [] and []]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Table 
below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [Each of the 
following: 
[From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[] 
to, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] []] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Autocall Observation Period)]/[Each period 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Observation 
Period(s)' 
in 
the 
Autocall 
Redemption Table below]] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] the Autocall [Trigger Level on the 
relevant 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[in 
respect of any Autocall Period Observation 
Date 
falling 
in 
the 
relevant 
Autocall 
Observation Period]] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level [on 
the relevant Autocall Observation Date]/[in 
respect of any Common Autocall Period 
Observation Date falling in the relevant 
Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Period Observation Date] and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] 
on 
such 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Period Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vii) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each [Autocall Observation Date]/[Autocall 
Observation Period], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the [Strike

--- Page 562 ---
562 
 
 
Level]/Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of such 
Underlying]]/[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying[s] and an [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation 
Period], 
the 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level] as specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation 
Period]] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation [Date]/[Period](s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount', 'Autocall Trigger Basket Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount') 
 
(i) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products: 
[Barrier 
Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of [the Underlying[s]]/[at least 
one Underlying] [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[its]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level on any 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
[for 
such 
Underlying] falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period]]/[Multichance Barrier Event]  
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: [Final Fixing [Basket] 
Level of [the Underlying[s]]/[at least one 
Underlying 
[excluding 
the 
Target 
One 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] [the]/[its]/[its 
respective] Barrier [Basket] Level] [and none 
of 
the 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Target Level]]/[Multichance Barrier Event] 
[Insert for Yield Enhancement Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: Stability Performance Level is 
[below]/[at or below] the Stability Disruption 
Barrier 
Percentage 
on 
any 
Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period 
 
(Delete the remaining two sub-paragraphs of this paragraph unless Barrier Event is specified 
as 'Multichance Barrier Event') 
 
[− 
Multichance Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: [In respect of any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period, the Barrier Fixing Level 
of a number of Underlyings at least equal to 
the Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective

--- Page 563 ---
563 
 
 
Barrier Levels]/[If the number of Underlyings 
in respect of which the Barrier Fixing Level on 
any Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier 
Observation Period has been [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respect 
Barrier Levels is at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings]]  
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: Final Fixing Level of 
a number of Underlyings at least equal to the 
Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Barrier Levels] 
 
− 
Specified 
Multichance Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings: 
[Insert a number greater than 1 and less than 
the total number of Underlyings in the basket]] 
 
(Delete the remaining three sub-paragraphs of this paragraph for European Barrier Yield 
Enhancement Products or Yield Enhancement Without Barrier Products) 
 
[− 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period  
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(ii) 
[Barrier 
[Basket] 
Level]/[Insert for Stability 
Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: 
Stability 
Disruption 
Barrier 
Percentage]: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying] 
[Insert for Yield Enhancement Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 564 ---
564 
 
 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level, Barrier Basket Level, Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level, Final Performance, Strike 
Basket Level or Twin Win Event) 
 
(iv) 
Target Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
or 
Yield 
Enhancement Without Barrier Products that 
are linked to a single Underlying: Final Fixing 
Level is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or 
above] the [Strike Barrier Level]] 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
or 
Yield 
Enhancement Without Barrier Products that 
are linked to a basket of Underlyings: Final 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of the [Worst] [Best] 
Performing Underlying] [excluding the Target 
One 
Underlying] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[its 
respective] Strike Barrier [Basket] Level] 
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: Not Applicable – 
Products 
are 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: Not Applicable – Products are 
Stability Note Yield Enhancement Products] 
 
[− 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Basket] Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of such 
Underlying]/[the Initial Fixing Level of such 
Underlying]/[the 
Strike 
Level 
of 
such 
Underlying]] 
[[[Indicatively, [[] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[The Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[The 
Strike Basket Level]] 
(If not required for definition of Strike Event 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
[Basket] Level divided by the Strike [Basket] 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level ([Worst]/[Best]) 
divided 
by 
the 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Strike Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]  
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 565 ---
565 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Final Return: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: (Final Fixing Level – Strike 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike Level (Worst))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[(Initial Fixing Level (Best) – Strike 
Level (Best))/Initial Fixing Level (Best)] 
[Insert for Products other than European 
Barrier with Return, American Barrier with 
Return and Without Barrier with Downside 
Participation: Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Strike [Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying]]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
− 
Lock-In Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] the Lock-In Barrier Level on the 
relevant Lock-In Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [A Common Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date. Where "Common Lock-In Event" means 
the Lock-In Fixing Level of all Underlyings are 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
their respective Lock-In Barrier Level on the 
relevant Lock-In Observation Date.]/[A Single 
Lock-In Event has occurred in respect of each 
Underlying]. Where "Single Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of an 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] its respective Lock-In Barrier Level 
on any Lock-In Observation Date.] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [] and [] 
 
− 
Lock-In Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 566 ---
566 
 
 
 
− 
Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Lock-In Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying] 
 
(x) 
Target 
One 
Event 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
− 
Target 
One 
Underlying: 
[Insert name of Underlying]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Target One Event: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Target One 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] the Target One Barrier Level] 
[Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying 
is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
its respective Target One Barrier Level] 
[Target One Fixing Level of the Target One 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] the Target One Barrier Level] 
[Target One Fixing Level of at least one 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] its respective Target One Barrier 
Level] 
 
 
(Delete following 3 sub-paragraphs if Not 
Applicable or if not required for the definition 
of Target One Event) 
 
[− 
Target One Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Target One Barrier 
Observation Date and [Insert name of 
relevant Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], 
the [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] 
on 
such 
Target 
One 
Barrier 
Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Target One Barrier 
Observation Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the Target One Barrier Observation Period  
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Target One Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
− 
Target One Barrier 
Level: 
In 
respect 
of 
[the 
Target 
One 
Underlying]/[Insert the name of the relevant 
Underlying]/[each Underlying], [Indicatively, ][
] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per

--- Page 567 ---
567 
 
 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level of such Target One 
Underlying] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(xi) 
Participation Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Applicable,][Indicatively, 
][] 
per 
cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Downside Participation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Always Applicable for European Barrier with 
Return, American Barrier with Return and 
Without Barrier with Downside Participation 
and an option for European Barrier with 
Inverse Participation) 
(If Not Applicable delete the below sub-
paragraph) 
 
− 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] 
 
(xiv) 
Final 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[[] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Applicable for European Barrier with 
Increased Downside Risk, European Barrier 
with Return and American Barrier with 
Increased Downside Risk) 
 
(xv) 
Target Level: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Optimal 
Tracker 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [] and []/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Inverse Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(xviii) 
Strike Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
− 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
X: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of [
] [and a maximum of []]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 568 ---
568 
 
 
 
(xxii) 
Y: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The 
Underlying]/[Each 
Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying]/[The Best 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Final Terms) 
 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] (If 
not required for definition of Settlement Initial 
Level delete this sub-paragraph and the 
following sub-paragraphs as required for the 
definition of Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
[ 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 569 ---
569 
 
 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but 
not all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect 
of [Insert each Underlying that is denominated 
in the Settlement Currency: [], [] and [] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Final Terms or if the currency of denomination 
of the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' or 'Best Performing 
Underlying' and at least one underlying is 
denominated in a currency other than the 
Settlement 
Currency, 
this 
should 
be 
'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
− 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
23. 
Twin Win Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Twin Win Product Style: 
[European 
Barrier 
(Bullish)]/[European 
Barrier 
(Bearish)]/[American 
Barrier 
(Bullish)]/[American Barrier (Bearish)] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement [or Cash Settlement]] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of 
the relevant Underlying Valuation Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant

--- Page 570 ---
570 
 
 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
[per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date, the rate specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(D) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [each of [], [
] and []]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(E) 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] the Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all 
Underlyings] 
[is]/[are] 
[below]/[at 
or

--- Page 571 ---
571 
 
 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level on 
the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(G) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each Coupon Observation Date, [Indicatively, 
][] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
such 
Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level as specified in 
the column entitled 'Coupon Trigger [Basket] 
Level' in the rows corresponding to such 
Coupon Observation Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(B) 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, []]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date, the amount set forth in the column 
entitled 
'Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount(s)' in the same row as such Coupon 
Payment Date in the Coupon Payment Table 
below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon 
Trigger Level', "Coupon Trigger Basket Level" or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, []]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]/[Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus Autocall Coupon Amount] (Delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs unless 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount plus Autocall 
Coupon Amount' is specified) 
 
− 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each]Autocall Redemption 
Date, 
[]]/[In 
respect 
of 
an 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column entitled 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such

--- Page 572 ---
572 
 
 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
− 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, []]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Autocall Redemption Date in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying, []/[each 
of [], [] and []]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] the Autocall Trigger Level on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all 
Underlyings] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level on 
the relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, 
][] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
such 
Underlying]]/[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying[s] and an Autocall Observation 
Date, the percentage of the Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level as specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*]

--- Page 573 ---
573 
 
 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level', 'Autocall Redemption Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if American Barrier Twin Win Products: 
Barrier 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
[the 
Underlying[s]]/[at least one Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[its]/[its respective] Barrier [Basket] Level 
on any Barrier Observation Date [for such 
Underlying] falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period] 
[Insert if European Barrier Twin Win Products:  
Final 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
[the 
Underlying[s]]/[at least one Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[its respective] Barrier [Basket] Level] (If 
Product is a European Barrier Twin Win 
Product delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level 
is 
required 
for 
Autocall 
Basket

--- Page 574 ---
574 
 
 
Performance, Autocall Trigger Basket Level, 
Barrier Basket Level, Coupon Trigger Basket 
Level, Final Performance, Strike Basket Level 
or Strike Barrier Basket Level) 
 
(iv) 
Twin Win Event: 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [below]/[at or 
below] the Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of [at 
least one Underlying]/[the Underlyings]/[the 
[Worst]/[Best] Performing Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below] [the]/[its respective] 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] 
 
− 
Twin 
Win 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] 
 
(v) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the 
Initial Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing 
[Basket] Level divided by the Strike [Basket] 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level ([Worst]/[Best]) 
divided 
by 
the 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Strike Level 
([Worst]/[Best])] 
 
[− 
Strike 
[Basket] 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying]] (If not required for 
definition of Final Performance delete this 
sub-paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Inverse Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for all Products other than 
European Barrier (Bearish) and American 
Barrier (Bearish)) 
 
(vii) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] 
 
(viii) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] 
 
(i) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs)

--- Page 575 ---
575 
 
 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The 
Underlying]/[Each 
Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying]/[The Best 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Final Terms) 
 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]]  (If 
not required for definition of Settlement Initial 
Level delete this and the following sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[ 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but 
not all) Underlyings are denominated in the

--- Page 576 ---
576 
 
 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect 
of [Insert each Underlying that is denominated 
in the Settlement Currency: [], [] and [] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Final Terms or if the currency of denomination 
of the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' or 'Best Performing 
Underlying' and at least one underlying is 
denominated in a currency other than the 
Settlement 
Currency, 
this 
should 
be 
'Applicable') 
 
 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
− 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
24. 
Fixed Redemption Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of 
the relevant Underlying Valuation Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon]

--- Page 577 ---
577 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date, the rate specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date []/[each of [
], [] and []]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment 
Date, each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' in the 
row corresponding to such Coupon Payment 
Date in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(vii) 
Coupon Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each Coupon Observation Date, [Indicatively, 
][] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]] 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Trigger Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s)

--- Page 578 ---
578 
 
 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[each]/[the] 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, []]/[In respect of an 
Autocall Redemption Date, the amount 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying, []/[each 
of [], [] and []]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, 
][] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]/[In 
respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and an 
Autocall Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Trigger Level' in the

--- Page 579 ---
579 
 
 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level' or 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount') 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Protection Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
25. 
Protection Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Protection Product Style: 
[Protection with Barrier]/[Protection with Twin 
Win]/[Protection with Twin Win and Low 
Strike]/[Protection with Barrier and Strike 
Event]/[Protection with Barrier and Upside 
Participation]/[Protection without Barrier] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish]/[Absolute] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
– 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying – as specified in the definition of 
the relevant Underlying Valuation Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
– 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying – as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
[per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date, the rate specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row

--- Page 580 ---
580 
 
 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date each of [], [
] and []]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each 
date specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] the Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: Coupon Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
(vii) 
Coupon Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each Coupon Observation Date, [Indicatively, 
][] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Trigger Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate')

--- Page 581 ---
581 
 
 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, 
[]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in 
the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Redemption Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [] and []]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] the Autocall Trigger Level on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: Autocall Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, 
][] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]/[In 
respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and an 
Autocall Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Trigger Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date]

--- Page 582 ---
582 
 
 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date(s) 
 
[] 
(insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level' or 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if Product is linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] the Barrier Level]/[Barrier Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Barrier Level 
on any Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period]] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Absolute: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[[above]/[at or above] the Upper Barrier Level] 
or [[below]/[at or below] the Lower Barrier 
Level]]] / [Barrier Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [[above]/[at or above] the Upper 
Barrier Level] or [[below]/[at or below] the 
Lower 
Barrier 
Level]] 
on 
any 
Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: [Final Fixing Basket Level is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Barrier Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Level of the 
Worst Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above] its respective Barrier Level]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
the 
Best 
Performing 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below] its 
respective 
Barrier 
Level]/[Barrier 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Barrier 
Basket Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
falling 
in 
the 
Barrier 
Observation 
Period]/[Barrier Fixing Level of at least one 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] its respective Barrier Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a basket of 
Underlyings 
and 
Product 
Direction 
is 
Absolute: [Final Fixing Basket Level of the 
[Worst]/[Best] 
Performing 
Underlying 
is 
[[above]/[at or above] the Upper Barrier 
Basket Level] or [[below]/[at or below] the 
Lower Barrier Basket Level]] / [Barrier Fixing 
Basket Level is [[above]/[at or above] the 
Upper Barrier Basket Level] or [[below]/[at or 
below] the Lower Barrier Basket Level] on any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier

--- Page 583 ---
583 
 
 
Observation Period] / [Barrier Fixing Level of 
at least one Underlying is [[above]/[at or 
above] its respective Upper Barrier Level] or 
[[below]/[at or below] its respective Lower 
Barrier Level]] on any Barrier Observation 
Date for such Underlying falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period 
[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs if Not 
Applicable or if not required for the definition 
of Barrier Event) 
 
− 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying]] 
[Insert 
for 
Protection 
Without 
Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Lower Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]  
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish and for Protection Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Upper Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]  
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish and for Protection Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the 
definition of Barrier Event, a Twin Win Event, 
a Strike Event or for the definition of Final 
Performance) 
 
(vi) 
Strike Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
maximum of [] per cent. [and a minimum of [

--- Page 584 ---
584 
 
 
] 
per 
cent.]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Only 
applicable if required for Products linked to a 
weighted basket) 
 
(vii) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
maximum of [] per cent. [and a minimum of [
] per cent.] 
 
(viii) 
Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for Protection with Twin Win 
Products) 
 
(ix) 
Final Return: 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' or 
'Absolute' and Product is linked to a single 
Underlying: [(Final Fixing Level – Initial Fixing 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing Level 
– Strike Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final 
Fixing Level – Strike Level)/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Strike 
Level (Worst))/Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final 
Basket Return]/[Final Basket Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Absolute and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Strike 
Level (Worst))/Strike Level (Worst)]/[(Final 
Fixing Level (Best) – Initial Fixing Level 
(Best))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best)]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best) 
– 
Strike 
Level 
(Best))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best)]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Best) 
– 
Strike 
Level 
(Best))/Strike Level (Best)]/[Final Basket 
Return]/[Final Basket Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[Bearish Final 
Basket Return]/[Bearish Final Basket Return 
(Strike)]] 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win and Low 
Strike Products: Not Applicable]

--- Page 585 ---
585 
 
 
 
[− 
Inverse 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] 
(If not required for definition of Final Return 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Final Return 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[− 
Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
− 
Final Return Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Final Return Cap 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Twin Win Event: 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win Product 
that is linked to a single Underlying: Final 
Fixing Level is [above]/[at or above] Initial 
Fixing Level] 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win Product 
that is linked to a basket of Underlyings: [Final 
Fixing Basket Level is [above]/[at or above]

--- Page 586 ---
586 
 
 
Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Level 
of the Worst Performing Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] its respective Initial 
Fixing Level]/[ Final Fixing Level of the Best 
Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or above] 
its respective Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert unless Product is a Protection with 
Twin Win Product: Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Inverse 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] 
 
(xi) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish and for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its Strike Barrier 
Level] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish and for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [Final Fixing Basket Level is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Strike Barrier Basket Level]/[Final Basket 
Return is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or 
below] the Strike Barrier Amount]/[Final Fixing 
Level of the [Worst Performing Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] its Strike Barrier 
Level]/[Best 
Performing 
Underlying 
is 
[below]/[at or below] its Strike Barrier Level]] 
[Insert for all Products other than 'Protection 
with Barrier and Strike Event' and 'Protection 
without Barrier': Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Strike 
Barrier 
[[Basket] 
Level]/[Amount]: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of such 
Underlying] 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket Level] 
[[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of [
][and a maximum of []]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Absolute: Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Rebate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Rebate 
Coupon 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] 
 
(xiii) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 587 ---
587 
 
 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] 
 
(xiv) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] 
26. 
Bonus Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Bonus Product Style: 
[European Barrier]/[European Barrier with 
Upside Participation]/[European Barrier with 
Downside Participation]/[European Barrier 
with Bonus Cap]/[American Barrier with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Normal 
Performance Participation]/[American Barrier 
with Upside Participation]/[American Barrier 
with Upside Participation and Downside 
Participation]/[American Barrier with Bonus 
Cap]/[American Barrier with Upside Cap and 
Downside Cap] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish] 
 
(c) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of 
the relevant Underlying Valuation Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(f) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
[per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(g) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 588 ---
588 
 
 
 
(i) 
Multiple Coupon Sets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[In respect of "Coupon Payment Date Set [
]":] [], [] and [] (Repeat as necessary for 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates (the first 
set being 'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates, each][Each] date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
 
(iii) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Set 
of 
Coupon 
Payment 
Dates)]]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[In respect of Coupon Payment Date Set [
]][Specified Conditional Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered Memory Coupon]/[Layered 
Coupon] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []], 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date [in a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
[the]/[each] rate specified in the column 
entitled 
'Coupon 
Rate' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [in Coupon 
Payment Date Set []] [each of [], [] and [
]]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date [in a Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates], each date specified 
in the column entitled 'Coupon Observation 
Date(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table [for such Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(D) 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[]] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity

--- Page 589 ---
589 
 
 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
and each Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(E) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] the Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of all Underlyings] [are]/[is] [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level on 
the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[]], [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] 
per 
cent.]] 
of 
the 
[[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level] 
of 
such 
Underlying]/[Initial Fixing Basket Level] 
(If the Conditional Coupon Style is specified 
as Layered Memory Coupon or Layered 
Coupon, repeat as necessary for each 
Coupon Trigger Level) 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding to 
a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level] as specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level' in the 
row[s] 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table [for such Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates] below] 
 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index

--- Page 590 ---
590 
 
 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Coupon 
Trigger Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []], [
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date 
[falling in a Set of Coupon Payment Dates], 
the amount set forth in the column entitled 
'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in 
the same row as such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table [for Coupon Payment Date Set []]*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon 
Trigger Level', 'Coupon Trigger Basket Level' or 'Coupon Rate'. Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable

--- Page 591 ---
591 
 
 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert for American Barrier Bonus Products: 
[Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
in the Barrier Observation Period]/[Barrier 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of at least one 
Underlying] is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] [its respective]/[the] Barrier [Basket] 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date in the 
Barrier Observation Period] 
[Insert for European Barrier Bonus Products: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Barrier Level]/[Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
at least one Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[its 
respective]/[the] Barrier [Basket] Level]] (If 
Products 
are 
European 
Barrier 
Bonus 
Products 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[− 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], each 
[Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading 
Day]/[Reference 
Market Business Day]/[Business Day] falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the 
definition of Barrier Basket Level, Bonus 
Basket Level, Final Performance) 
 
(iv) 
Bonus Event: 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Bonus Level]

--- Page 592 ---
592 
 
 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings unless the Bonus Product Style 
is European Barrier with Bonus Cap or 
American Barrier with Bonus Cap: [Final 
Fixing Level of the [Worst Performing 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]]/[Best 
Performing Underlying is [below]/[at or below] 
its respective Bonus Level]/[Final Fixing 
Basket 
Level 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Bonus Basket 
Level]] 
[Insert if the Bonus Product Style is European 
Barrier with Bonus Cap or American Barrier 
with Bonus Cap: Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
[− 
Bonus 
[Basket] 
Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying]] 
 
(v) 
Bonus Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products 
are 
linked 
to 
a 
basket 
of 
Underlyings: [Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Initial 
Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level 
(Worst)/Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing 
Basket Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[Final 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level/Strike 
Basket 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best)]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike 
Level (Best)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
– (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products 
are 
linked 
to 
a 
basket 
of 
Underlyings: [IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final 
Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial Fixing Basket 
Level)]/[IP – (Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike 
Basket Level)]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial 
Fixing Level (Best)]/[Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike Level (Best)]] 
[Insert for all Products other than [American 
Barrier with Upside Participation and Normal 
Performance Participation], American Barrier 
with Upside Participation and Downside

--- Page 593 ---
593 
 
 
Participation or American Barrier with Upside 
Cap and Downside Cap: Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Final 
Performance 
(Downside): 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products 
are 
linked 
to 
a 
basket 
of 
Underlyings: [Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Initial 
Fixing Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level 
(Worst)/Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing 
Basket Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[Final 
Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
– (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products 
are 
linked 
to 
a 
basket 
of 
Underlyings: [IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final 
Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial Fixing Basket 
Level)]/[IP – (Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike 
Basket Level)]] 
 
(viii) 
Final 
Performance 
(Upside): 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products 
are 
linked 
to 
a 
basket 
of 
Underlyings: [Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial 
Fixing Level (Best)]/[Final Fixing Level 
(Worst)/Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing 
Basket Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[Final 
Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
– (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products 
are 
linked 
to 
a 
basket 
of 
Underlyings: [IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final 
Fixing Level (Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial Fixing Basket 
Level)]/[IP – (Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike 
Basket Level)]] 
[Insert for European Barrier with Bonus Cap 
and American Barrier with Bonus Cap: Not 
Applicable] 
 
[− 
Inverse 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for 
the definition of Final Performance, Final

--- Page 594 ---
594 
 
 
Performance 
(Downside) 
or 
Final 
Performance (Upside)) 
 
(ix) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[− 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]] 
 
(x) 
Outperformance 
Upside 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[− 
Outperformance 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]] 
 
(xi) 
Normal 
Performance 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
[− 
Normal 
Performance 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]] 
 
(xii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
European Barrier with Upside Participation, 
American Barrier with Upside Participation, 
American Barrier with Upside Participation 
and Downside Participation or American 
Barrier with Bonus Cap) 
 
(xiii) 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable 
unless Bonus Product Style is European 
Barrier 
with 
Downside 
Participation 
or 
American Barrier with Upside Participation 
and Downside Participation) 
 
(xiv) 
Outperformance 
Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable 
unless Bonus Product Style is American 
Barrier with Upside Participation) 
 
(xv) 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
American Barrier with Upside Participation or 
American Barrier with Upside Participation 
and Downside Participation) 
 
(xvi) 
Cap Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable 
unless Bonus Product Style is American 
Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap)

--- Page 595 ---
595 
 
 
 
(i) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The 
Underlying]/[Each 
Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Final Terms) 
 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 596 ---
596 
 
 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but 
not all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect 
of [Insert each Underlying that is denominated 
in the Settlement Currency: [], [] and [] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Final Terms or if the currency of denomination 
of the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' and at least one 
underlying is denominated in a currency other 
than the Settlement Currency, this should be 
'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
[− 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] (Not applicable if the Conversion 
Ratio is a specified number in the Final 
Terms) 
27. 
Reverse Convertible Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reverse Convertible Product Style: 
[Single 
Underlying]/[Basket 
of 
Underlyings][Spread Underlying] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual 
Cash Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of 
the relevant Underlying Valuation Date] 
(Common 
Adjustment 
or 
Individual 
Adjustment only applicable for a basket of 
Underlyings or for a Spread Underlying) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings or for a 
Spread Underlying)

--- Page 597 ---
597 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Coupon Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Coupon 
Accrual]/[Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Coupon Accrual. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[− 
Coupon Rate: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] per annum 
 
− 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
Coupon Period: 
As specified in the definition of Coupon Period 
in 
Payout 
Condition 
6.2 
- 
[Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount. 
If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[− 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of each Coupon Payment Date, [
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount set forth in column entitled 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in the 
same row as such Coupon Payment Date in 
the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(f) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, 
[]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in 
the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Redemption Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below]

--- Page 598 ---
598 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [
], [] and []]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a Spread 
Underlying: Spread of the Spread Underlying 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
relevant 
Autocall 
Observation Date is [above]/[at or above] the 
Autocall Trigger Level in respect of the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing [Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and 
each Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, 
][] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]/[In 
respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and an 
Autocall Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Trigger Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[In respect of the Spread Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][][, 
subject to a minimum of [] [and a maximum 
of []]]/[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] of the Initial Spread Level]]/[In 
respect of the Spread Underlying and an

--- Page 599 ---
599 
 
 
Autocall Observation Date, the [amount] 
[percentage of the Initial Spread Level] as 
specified in the column entitled 'Autocall 
Trigger Level' in the row corresponding to 
such Autocall Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount') 
 
(g) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Redemption Determination 
Style: 
[Par Redemption – At or Above OR 
Performance 
Redemption 
– 
Below]/[Par 
Redemption - Above OR Performance 
Redemption – At or Below] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []]

--- Page 600 ---
600 
 
 
 
(h) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The 
Underlying]/[Each 
Underlying]/[The 
Worst Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified to be 'Specified Amount' or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Final Terms) 
 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ 
[Average] [Opening [Share] Price]/[Closing 
[Share] Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday Level]/[Exchange Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement 
Initial Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 601 ---
601 
 
 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but 
not all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect 
of [Insert each Underlying that is denominated 
in the Settlement Currency: [], [] and [] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).] 
[Not Applicable] (Not applicable if the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Final Terms or if the currency of denomination 
of the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' and at least one 
underlying is denominated in a currency other 
than the Settlement Currency, this should be 
'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
− 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the 
Underlying]/[each 
Underlying], for the purposes of determining 
the Settlement FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(i) 
Spread Underlying Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Initial Spread Level: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Underlying 1: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying 2: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
Underlying Level: 
In respect of [an Autocall Observation Date] 
[or] [a Final Fixing Date] and an Underlying 1 
or Underlying 2: 
[the 
Underlying 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
such 
Underlying on such [Autocall Observation 
Date] [or] [Final Fixing Date]]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
]/

--- Page 602 ---
602 
 
 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each date) 
 
(v) 
Strike Spread Level: 
[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of [] 
[and a maximum of []]]/[] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Spread Level]] 
 
(vi) 
Strike Spread Denominator: 
[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of [] 
[and a maximum of []]]/[] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Spread Level]] 
28. 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products Style:  
[European 
Barrier]/[American 
Barrier]/ 
[European Barrier and Participation]/[American 
Barrier and Participation]/[Leverage Downside] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
[per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
Applicable

--- Page 603 ---
603 
 
 
 
(i) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Style: 
[Fixed Unconditional Coupon Accrual]/[Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Accrual. 
If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[− 
Coupon Rate: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] [per annum] 
 
− 
Day Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
− 
Coupon Period: 
As specified in the definition of Coupon Period 
in 
Payout 
Condition 
7.2 
- 
[Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount. 
If 
Not 
Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
[− 
Specified 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of each Coupon Payment Date, 
[]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount set forth in column entitled 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in the same 
row as such Coupon Payment Date in the 
Coupon Payment Table below]] 
 
(v) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Conditional 
Coupon Style: 
[Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
− 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] [per annum]]/[In respect of a Coupon 
Payment Date, each rate specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
− 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date, [each of [], [] and 
[]][]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon

--- Page 604 ---
604 
 
 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
− 
Coupon Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Coupon Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Coupon 
Trigger 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Coupon 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
− 
Coupon Trigger 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Coupon Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Trigger Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Specified Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 
'Coupon Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, 
[]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Redemption Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table 
below]/[Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount 
plus 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount]/[Autocall 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Percentage: Applicable]]

--- Page 605 ---
605 
 
 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs unless 
'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus 
Autocall Coupon Amount is specified') 
 
− 
Fixed Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, 
[]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column 
entitled 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' 
in the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Redemption Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
− 
Autocall Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, 
[]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Coupon Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [], 
[] and []]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
each date specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all Underlyings] [are]/[is] [above]/[at or above] 
[their respective]/[the] Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level on the relevant Autocall Observation 
Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of such Underlying]]/[In 
respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and an

--- Page 606 ---
606 
 
 
Autocall Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level as specified in 
the column entitled 'Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall Coupon Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'American Barrier' or 'American Barrier 
and Participation' or 'Leverage Downside': 
Barrier 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
[the 
Underlying]/[at least 
one Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below] [the]/[its respective] 
Barrier 
[Basket] 
Level 
on 
any 
Barrier 
Observation Date [for such Underlying] falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period]/[Multichance 
Barrier Event]  
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'European Barrier': or 'European 
Barrier and Participation' Final Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of [the Underlying]/[at least one 
Underlying]] is [below]/[at or below] [the]/[its 
respective] 
Barrier 
[Basket] 
Level]/[Multichance Barrier Event]  
 
(Delete the following two sub-paragraphs of this paragraph unless Barrier Event is specified 
as 'Multichance Barrier Event') 
 
[− 
Multichance Barrier Event:-  
[Insert 
for 
Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products with American Barrier: [In respect of 
any Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period, the Barrier Fixing 
Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal 
to the Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings are [below]/[at or below] their 
respective Barrier Levels]/[If the number of 
Underlyings in respect of which the Barrier 
Fixing Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
in the Barrier Observation Period has been 
[below]/[at or below] their respect Barrier 
Levels is at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings]] 
[Insert 
for 
Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products with European Barrier: Final Fixing 
Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal 
to the Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings are below]/[at or below] their 
respective Barrier Levels] 
 
− 
Specified 
Multichance Barrier 
Number of 
Underlyings: 
[Insert a number greater than 1 and less than 
the total number of Underlyings in the basket]]

--- Page 607 ---
607 
 
 
 
 
(If Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style 
is 'European Barrier' or 'European Barrier and 
Participation' 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[− 
Barrier Fixing Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange 
Rate Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange 
Trading Day]/[Reference Market Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
such Underlying] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the 
definition of Autocall Trigger Basket Level, 
Barrier Basket Level, Final Performance or 
Strike Barrier Basket Level) 
 
(iv) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'American Barrier' or 'American Barrier 
and Participation' or 'Leverage Downside' and 
the Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
Final Fixing Level is [below]/[at or below] the 
Strike Barrier Level] 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'American Barrier' or 'American Barrier 
and Participation' or 'Leverage Downside' and 
the Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of the 
Worst Performing Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below] [its]/[the] Strike Barrier [Basket] Level] 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'European Barrier': Not Applicable - 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
European Barrier]

--- Page 608 ---
608 
 
 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'European Barrier and Participation': 
Not Applicable - Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is European Barrier and 
Participation] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable delete the following sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[− 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Basket] Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
such Underlying]] 
 
(v) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing Level 
divided by the Strike Level]//[Underlying 
Performance (Long) – Underlying Performance 
(Short)]/[Final 
Return]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst) divided by the Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst) divided by 
the Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final Return (Worst)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Strike Level is not required delete the 
following 2 sub-paragraphs as required for the 
definition of Final Performance) 
 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If 
not 
required 
for 
definition 
of 
Final 
Performance or Final Return delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(Delete the following sub-paragraphs unless 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is

--- Page 609 ---
609 
 
 
'European 
Barrier 
and 
Participation' 
or 
'American Barrier and Participation') 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Performance 
(Long): 
(Final Fixing Level (Long) – Initial Fixing Level 
(Long)) divided by the Initial Fixing Level 
(Long) 
 
− 
Underlying 
Performance 
(Short): 
(Final Fixing Level (Short) – Initial Fixing Level 
(Short)) divided by the Initial Fixing Level 
(Short) 
 
− 
Long Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying] 
 
− 
Short Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying] 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Lock-In Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Lock-In 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [A Common Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date. Where "Common Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant 
Lock-In Observation Date.]/[A Single Lock-In 
Event has occurred in respect of each 
Underlying]. Where "Single Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of an 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
its 
respective Lock-In Barrier Level on any Lock-
In Observation Date.] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [], 
[] and [] 
 
− 
Lock-In Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery

--- Page 610 ---
610 
 
 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Lock-In Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Lock-In Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying] 
 
(vii) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] 
 
(viii) 
Gearing: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Leverage 
Final 
Performance: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: 
Strike Level −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
/[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[ 
Strike Fixing Basket Level −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level
 
] 
/[ 
Strike Level (Worst) −Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
]] 
 
(x) 
Strike Fixing Basket Level: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bearish Products]

--- Page 611 ---
611 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified 
to 
be 
'Specified 
Amount' 
or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Final Terms) 
 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement Initial 
Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but 
not all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect 
of [Insert each Underlying that is denominated 
in the Settlement Currency: [], [] and [] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).]

--- Page 612 ---
612 
 
 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
applicable 
if 
the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Final Terms or if the currency of denomination 
of the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' and at least one 
underlying is denominated in a currency other 
than the Settlement Currency, this should be 
'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
− 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement 
FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Settlement FX Exchange 
Rate Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement 
FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
29. 
Tracker Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Redemption Style: 
[Fixed Term]/[Open Ended] 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable or if Redemption Style is 
Open Ended, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
 
(B) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed Term) Notice 
Period: 
[] Business Day[s] [Which shall be a minimum 
of 5 Business Days when the Product is 
cleared through Euroclear] 
 
(C) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the Issuer 
has exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term), the day specified as the Final Fixing 
Date in the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
Redemption Notice 
 
(D) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the Issuer 
has exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term), the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
Redemption Date 
 
(E) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption Date 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable or if Redemption Style is 
Open Ended, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 613 ---
613 
 
 
 
(A) 
Investor Put Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[]  
 
(B) 
Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term) Notice 
Period: 
[] Business Day[s] [Which shall be a minimum 
of 5 Business Days when the Product is 
cleared through Euroclear] 
 
(C) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term), [] Scheduled Trading Days 
following the day on which the Paying Agent 
has received the duly completed and signed 
Investor Put Option ( Fixed Term) Redemption 
Notice 
 
(D) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term), the Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term) Redemption Date 
 
(E) 
Investor Put Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(iii) 
Issuer Call Option (Open-
ended) and Investor Put 
Option (Open ended) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Open-ended) 
Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
 
(B) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Open-ended) 
Notice Period: 
[] Business Day[s] [Which shall be a minimum 
of 5 Business Days when the Product is 
cleared through Euroclear] 
 
(C) 
Investor Put Option 
(Open-ended) 
Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
 
(D) 
Investor Put Option 
(Open-ended) 
Notice Period: 
[] Business Day[s] [Which shall be a minimum 
of 5 Business Days when the Product is 
cleared through Euroclear] 
 
(E) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of: 
(a) 
each Product for which the Issuer has 
exercised its Issuer Call Option (Open-
ended), the day specified as the Final 
Fixing Date in the Issuer Call Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption 
Notice; 
and 
 
 
(b) 
each Product for which the Investor 
has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Open-ended), [] Scheduled Trading 
Days following the day on which the 
Paying Agent has received the duly 
completed and signed Investor Put 
Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption 
Notice 
 
(F) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of: 
(a) 
each Product for which the Issuer has 
exercised its Issuer Call Option (Open-ended),

--- Page 614 ---
614 
 
 
the 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(b) 
each Product for which the Investor 
has exercised its Investor Put Option (Open-
ended), the Investor Put Option (Open-ended) 
Redemption Date. 
 
(G) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(H) 
Investor Put Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
 
(b) 
Tracker Product Style: 
[Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single Underlying 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single Underlying with Quanto 
FX and no Dividend]/[Single Underlying with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Single Underlying with Composite 
FX and no Dividend]/[Single Underlying with 
Composite 
FX 
(Notional 
Units)]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
no 
FX 
and 
no 
Dividends]/[Single Underlying with no FX 
(Notional Units)]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single Underlying 
with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto 
FX and Dividends at Redemption]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Quanto FX and no Dividend]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Composite FX and no Dividend]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Composite FX (Notional Units)]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with 
no 
FX 
and 
no 
Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with no FX (Notional Units)]/[Basket of 
Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption]/[Basket 
of 
Underlyings 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with Quanto 
FX and no Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings 
with Composite FX and Reinvestment of 
Dividends]/[Basket 
of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption]/ 
[Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and 
no Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with no 
FX and no Dividends] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single

--- Page 615 ---
615 
 
 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Conversion Ratio Payout 
Style: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Not Applicable if Tracker Product Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite 
FX 
(Notional 
Units)', 
'Single 
Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)', 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Composite FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with no FX (Notional Units)'. If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Tracker): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(B) 
W (Initial): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(C) 
Dividend 
Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a Dividend Reinvestment Day 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[NAV] on such Dividend Reinvestment 
Day]]/[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable unless 
Tracker Product Style is specified to be 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment 
of Dividend', 'Single Underlying with Composite 
FX and Reinvestment of Dividend', 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment 
of Dividends') 
(If applicable, repeat as necessary for each 
Underlying)

--- Page 616 ---
616 
 
 
 
(D) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[− 
Lock-In 
Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In Barrier 
Level or any of the higher Lock-In Barrier 
Levels compared to the last recorded Highest 
Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In 
Observation Date 
 
− 
Lock-In 
Observatio
n Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [], [] and 
[]][Any 
day 
From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] [] to, [and including]/[but excluding] 
[]] 
 
− 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
− 
First Lock-
In Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial 
Fixing Date, [indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level 
 
− 
Increment 
Percentage
: 
[●]] 
 
(E) 
High 
Watermark 
Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying], each [Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading Day]/[Reference Market Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the High 
Watermark 
Observation 
Period][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(G) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(H) 
FX Rate: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but 
not all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect

--- Page 617 ---
617 
 
 
of [Insert each Underlying that is denominated 
in the Settlement Currency: [], [] and []] the 
FX Rate shall be 1 (one).]] 
[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable unless Tracker 
Product Style is specified to be 'Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends 
at 
Redemption', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 
'Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX and Dividends 
at Redemption', 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends 
at Redemption') 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the FX Rate, 
[]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Tracker FX Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the FX Rate, 
[]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(I) 
Management 
Fee 
Deduction: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
please delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
[− 
Management Fee: 
[] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Units Payout Style: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Applicable if Tracker Product Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite 
FX 
(Notional 
Units)', 
'Single 
Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)', 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption', 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends'. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Units (Initial): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
 
(B) 
Tracker 
Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of the Underlying and a Scheduled 
Trading 
Day, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen

--- Page 618 ---
618 
 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Scheduled Trading Day] 
 
(C) 
Tracker 
Observation 
Date(s): 
In respect of the Underlying, each of [], [] and 
[] 
 
(D) 
Management 
Fee 
Style: 
[Product Value Style]/[Calculation Amount 
Style] 
 
− 
Manageme
nt Fee: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(E) 
Performance 
Fee 
Deduction 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
please delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
[−
 
Performan
ce Fee: 
[] per cent. 
 
Hurdle Rate: 
[] per cent.] 
 
(F) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[− 
Lock-In 
Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In Barrier 
Level or any of the higher Lock-In Barrier 
Levels compared to the last recorded Highest 
Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In 
Observation Date 
 
− 
Lock-In 
Observatio
n Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [], [] and 
[]][Any 
day 
From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] [] to, [and including]/[but excluding] 
[]] 
 
− 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
− 
First Lock-
In Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial 
Fixing Date, [indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level 
 
− 
Increment 
Percentage
: 
[●]] 
 
(G) 
High 
Watermark 
Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference

--- Page 619 ---
619 
 
 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(H) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying], each [Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading Day]/[Reference Market Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the High 
Watermark 
Observation 
Period][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(I) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable]  
 
(J) 
FX Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Tracker Product Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Composite FX (Notional Units)'. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
FX Rate 
(Initial): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
 
− 
Price 
Source: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate, [] 
 
− 
Tracker FX 
Rate 
Valuation 
Time: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate, [] 
30. 
Dual Currency Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Dual Currency Product Style: 
[Upside in Investment Currency]/[Upside in 
Alternative Currency] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the definition 
of the relevant Underlying Valuation Date 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(d) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Alternative Currency: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Event: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Strike Level 
 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[[] [, being [] per cent. per annum of the Initial 
Fixing Level]]/[In respect of the Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] per annum of the Initial Fixing Level] 
 
− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 620 ---
620 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Coupon Rate: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] per annum 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Euro
bond 
Basis]/[Actual/Actual 
– 
ICMA]/[Actual/365] 
31. 
Discount Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the definition 
of the relevant Underlying Valuation Date 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(c) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Downside Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Event: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] the Cap Level 
 
(iii) 
Cap Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
(iv) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Discount): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
 
(v) 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph if Not Applicable) 
 
− 
Price Source: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate (Final), [] 
 
− 
FX Rate Valuation 
Time: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate (Final), [] 
 
(vi) 
Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable – the Downside 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs is Not 
Applicable) 
 
− 
Delivery 
Underlying: 
The Underlying 
 
− 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Specified Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bearish 
Products] 
 
− 
Settlement Initial 
Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified 
to 
be 
'Specified 
Amount' 
or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Final Terms) 
 
− 
FX Conversion: 
Not Applicable

--- Page 621 ---
621 
 
 
32. 
Leverage Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Leverage Product Style: 
[Call Warrant Product] ]/[Call Warrant Products 
with Lock-In Feature]/[Call Warrant Products 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption]/[Put 
Warrant Product]/[Call Knock-Out Warrant 
Product]/[Put 
Knock-Out 
Warrant 
Product]/[Bullish Mini Future Product]/[Bearish 
Mini Future Product] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the definition 
of the relevant Underlying Valuation Date 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
 
(d) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(e) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[], [] and [] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates (the first set 
being 'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment Dates, 
each][Each] date set forth in column entitled 
'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment [each of [], [] and 
[]]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set 
[]] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(f) 
Autocall Provisions: 
Not applicable 
 
(g) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for Call Warrant Products: [Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is [above]/[at or above] 
the Strike Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level is 
[above][at or above] the Strike Basket

--- Page 622 ---
622 
 
 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level of the Worst 
Performing Underlying is [above][at or above] 
the Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level of 
the Best Performing Underlying is [above][at or 
above] the Strike Level (Best)]]/[Insert for Put 
Warrant Products: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level is [below][at 
or below] the Strike Basket Level]/[Final Fixing 
Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is 
[below][at 
or 
below] 
the 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level of the Best 
Performing Underlying is [below][at or below] 
the Strike Level (Best)]] 
[Insert for Call Knock-Out Warrant Products: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the Strike Level]/[Insert 
for Put Knock-Out Warrant Products: Final 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [below]/[at or 
below] the Strike Level]/[Insert for Call Warrant 
Products with High Watermark Redemption, 
Bullish Mini Future Products and Bearish Mini 
Future Products: Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 2 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Event) 
 
[− 
Strike Basket Level: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition of 
Final Performance) 
 
− 
Initial Fixing Basket 
Level; 
[Specified Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount]] 
 
(ii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level][Not Applicable] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
 
− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level)

--- Page 623 ---
623 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph)  
 
− 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of [] 
[and a maximum of []] 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial Fixing Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
Warrant Product Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Call Warrant Products and Put 
Warrant Products. Not Applicable otherwise) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Trading Style: 
[Notional]/[Units] 
 
Basket Style: 
[All]/[Worst]/[Best]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Warrant): 
[In respect of the Underlying, 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Trading Style is 
specified as 'Units') 
 
(C) 
Participation: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] 
 
(v) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
[− 
Lock-In Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In Barrier 
Level or any of the higher Lock-In Barrier 
Levels compared to the last recorded Highest 
Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In 
Observation Date 
 
− 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [], [] and 
[]][Any 
day 
From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] [] to, [and including]/[but excluding] 
[]] 
 
− 
Lock-In Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen

--- Page 624 ---
624 
 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
 
− 
First Lock-In 
Barrier Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial 
Fixing Date, [indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level 
 
− 
Increment 
Percentage: 
[●]] 
 
(vi) 
High 
Watermark 
Determination: 
[Observation 
Dates]/[Observation 
Periods]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
High 
Watermark 
Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]] 
 
(B) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying], each [Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading Day]/[Reference Market Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the High 
Watermark Observation Period 
 
(C) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Knock-Out 
Warrant 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable 
for 
Knock-Out 
Call 
Warrant 
Products 
and 
Knock-Out 
Put 
Warrant 
Products. Not Applicable otherwise) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Trading Style: 
[Notional]/[Units] 
 
(B) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Warrant): 
[In respect of the Underlying, 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Trading Style is 
specified as 'Units') 
 
(C) 
Knock-Out Event: 
[Insert for Call Knock-Out Warrant Products: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
the 
Knock-Out 
Level]/[Knock-Out 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
the 
Underlying on any Knock-Out Observation 
Date falling in the Knock-Out Observation 
Period is [above]/[at or above] the Knock-Out 
Level]] 
[Insert for Put Knock-Out Warrant Products: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is

--- Page 625 ---
625 
 
 
[below]/[at 
or 
below] 
the 
Knock-Out 
Level]/[Knock-Out 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
the 
Underlying on any Knock-Out Observation 
Date falling in the Knock-Out Observation 
Period is [below]/[at or below] the Knock-Out 
Level]] 
 
(D) 
Knock-Out Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
(E) 
Knock-Out 
Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a Knock-Out Observation Date 
and the Underlying, the [Opening [Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Knock-Out Observation Date]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Knock-Out 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(G) 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] 
 
(H) 
Strike Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] 
 
(I) 
Rebate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Rebate 
Percentage
: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] 
 
(viii) 
Mini Future Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Bullish Mini Future Products 
and Bearish Mini Future Products) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Stop Loss Event: 
[Insert for Bullish Mini Future Products: Stop 
Loss Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] the Stop Loss Level on 
any Stop Loss Observation Date in the Stop 
Loss Observation Period]/[Insert for Bearish 
Mini Future Products: Stop Loss Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Stop 
Loss Level on any Stop Loss Observation Date 
in the Stop Loss Observation Period] 
 
(B) 
Stop 
Loss 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 626 ---
626 
 
 
 
(C) 
Stop Loss Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Stop Loss Observation Date and 
the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Stop Loss Observation Date 
 
(D) 
Stop Loss Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Indicatively, ][] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level 
 
(E) 
Stop 
Loss 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Stop Loss 
Observation Date in respect of which a Stop 
Loss Event first occurs 
 
(F) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Mini Future): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
33. 
Outperformance Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Outperformance Product Style: 
[Outperformance 
with 
Participation]/[Participation 
Certificate 
with 
Airbag feature] 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its Strike Barrier 
Level]

--- Page 627 ---
627 
 
 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [Final Basket Return is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Barrier Amount]/[Final Fixing Level of the 
[Worst Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above] 
its 
Strike 
Barrier 
Level]/[Best 
Performing Underlying is [below]/[at or below] 
its Strike Barrier Level]] 
 
− 
Strike Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Final Return is required 
for the definition of Strike Event) 
 
(ii) 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Level]/[Amount]: 
[[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of such 
Underlying]/[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]] 
[[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of 
[][and a maximum of []]] 
 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition of 
Strike Barrier Level, Final Performance or Final 
Return) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and []

--- Page 628 ---
628 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
Strike Basket Level: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition of 
Final Performance) 
 
(v) 
Final Redemption Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its Initial Fixing 
Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [Final Basket Return is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] zero (0)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
the 
[Worst 
Performing 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its Initial 
Fixing Level]/[Best Performing Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] its Initial Fixing Level]] 
[Insert if Outperformance Product Style is 
'[Outperformance 
with 
Participation]': 
Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.] 
 
(vii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.] 
 
(viii) 
Downside Participation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
− 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.] 
 
(ix) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
− 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of [] 
[and a maximum of []] 
 
(x) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Strike 
Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial

--- Page 629 ---
629 
 
 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
(FP) – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial 
Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing 
Level (Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[IP (FP) – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial Fixing Basket 
Level)]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Final Return: 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [(Final 
Fixing Level – Initial Fixing Level)/Initial Fixing 
Level]/[(Final Fixing Level – Strike Level)/Initial 
Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing Level – Strike 
Level)/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst))/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst) 
– 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst) 
– 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final Basket 
Return]/[Final Basket Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
(FR) – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP (FR) – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: [IP 
(FR) – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best))]/[IP (FR) – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike 
Level 
(Best))]/[Bearish 
Final 
Basket Return]/[Bearish Final Basket Return 
(Strike)]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Final Redemption Cap: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
unless 
'Outperformance 
Product Style' is 'Outperformance with Airbag 
feature')) 
 
(xiii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Final Performance or Final 
Return)

--- Page 630 ---
630 
 
 
 
(xiv) 
Inverse Percentage (Final 
Performance): 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Product Direction is 
'Bearish') 
 
(xv) 
Inverse Percentage (Final 
Return): 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Product Direction is 
'Bearish') 
 
(g) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified 
to 
be 
'Specified 
Amount' 
or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Final Terms) 
 
[− 
Strike Level: 
In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]] (If not required for definition of 
Settlement Initial Level delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but 
not all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect 
of [Insert each Underlying that is denominated 
in the Settlement Currency: [], [] and [] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
applicable 
if 
the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Final Terms or if the currency of denomination 
of the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' and at least one 
underlying is denominated in a currency other 
than the Settlement Currency, this should be 
'Applicable')

--- Page 631 ---
631 
 
 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
− 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement 
FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Settlement FX 
Exchange Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement 
FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
34. 
Long/Short Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Long/Short Product Style: 
[Long/Short Product with no Management Fee 
Deduction]/[Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Management 
Fee 
Deduction]/[Long/Short 
Product with Outperformance Participation] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect the Long Underlying: 
- [insert name of Underlying], [] per cent. 
(Repeat for each Underlying in the Long 
Underlying) 
In respect of the Short Underlying: 
- [insert name of Underlying], [] per cent.] 
(Repeat for each Underlying in the Short 
Underlying) 
[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if the Strategy Style is specified 
to be Single Underlying)) 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Strategy Style: 
[Single Underlying]/[Basket of Underlyings] 
 
(ii) 
Long Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[A basket 
of Underlyings comprising [insert name of each 
Underlying that is a part of the Long Underlying 
basket]] 
 
(iii) 
Short Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[A basket 
of Underlyings comprising [insert name of each

--- Page 632 ---
632 
 
 
Underlying that is part of the Short Underlying 
basket]] 
 
(iv) 
Stop 
Loss 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Stop Loss Event: 
Stop Loss Product Value on any Stop Loss 
Observation Date is [below]/[at or below] the 
Stop Loss Barrier Level 
 
(B) 
Stop Loss Barrier 
Level: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.] of the Initial Product Value 
 
(C) 
Stop 
Loss 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
(D) 
Stop 
Loss 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Stop Loss 
Observation Date in respect of which a Stop 
Loss Event first occurs 
 
(v) 
Initial Product Value: 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Strategy Style is 'Single Underlying': 
[(Final Fixing Level – Initial Fixing Level)/Initial 
Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing Level – Strike 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert 
if 
Strategy 
Style 
is 
'Basket 
of 
Underlyings': [(LS Final Fixing Basket Level – 
LS Initial Fixing Basket Level)/LS Initial Fixing 
Basket Level]/[(LS Final Fixing Level - LS 
Strike Basket Level)/LS Initial Fixing Level] 
(Insert the below sub-paragraphs as required 
for the definition of Final Performance) 
 
− 
Long/Short Initial 
Fixing Basket Level 
[Specified Amount: [] in respect of the Long 
Underlying and [] in respect of the Short 
Underlying]/[Calculated Amount] 
 
− 
Long/Short Strike 
Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount: [] in respect of the Long 
Underlying and [] in respect of the Short 
Underlying]/[Calculated Amount] 
 
− 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level of such 
Underlying] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period

--- Page 633 ---
633 
 
 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
 
− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(vii) 
Participation Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable if Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short Product with Outperformance 
Participation') 
 
(viii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Long/Short Product 
Style 
is 
'Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Outperformance Participation') 
 
(ix) 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Long/Short Product 
Style 
is 
'Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Outperformance Participation') 
 
(x) 
Adjustment Factor: 
[Applicable - [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Management Fee: 
[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short Product with no Management Fee 
Deduction') 
 
(xii) 
DCF: 
ቂ
t
360ቃ/ቂ
actual
365 ቃ/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short Product with no Management Fee 
Deduction') 
35. 
Dispersion Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 634 ---
634 
 
 
 
(a) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, 
[]]/[In 
respect 
of 
an 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column 
entitled 
'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption 
Table 
below]/[Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon 
Amount]/[High Watermark Autocallable] 
(Delete the two sub-paragraphs immediately 
below unless 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is 
specified) 
 
[− 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, 
[]]/[In 
respect 
of 
an 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column entitled 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
− 
Autocall Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, 
[]]/[In 
respect 
of 
an 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Coupon Amount(s)' in 
the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Redemption Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below]] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an [Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation 
Period], the date set forth in column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying [each of [], 
[] and []]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the]

--- Page 635 ---
635 
 
 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Table 
below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [Each of the 
following: [From, [and including]/[but excluding] 
[] to, [and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Autocall 
Observation Period)]/[Each period specified in 
the column entitled 'Autocall Observation 
Period(s)' in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Event: 
 
 
 
Basket 
Dispersion 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger Basket Level [on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date]/[in respect of any Common 
Autocall Period Observation Date falling in the 
relevant Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
(vi) 
Autocall 
Trigger 
Basket 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each [Autocall Observation Date]/[Autocall 
Observation Period], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the [Strike 
Level]/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
[of 
such 
Underlying]]/[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying[s] and an [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation 
Period], 
the 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
Level] as specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall 
Trigger 
Level' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation [Date]/[Period](s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount', 'Autocall Trigger Basket Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount') 
 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level, Barrier Basket Level) 
 
(ii) 
Strike Basket Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
such Underlying]]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Final Redemption Cap: 
[Applicable,][Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 636 ---
636 
 
 
36. 
Steepener Products: 
 
 
(a) 
Steepener Product Style: 
[Spread 
(Note 
or 
Certificate)]/[Accrual 
Steepener (Warrant)]/[Single Look (Warrant)] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]/[Common 
Observation]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]/[Common 
Observation]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[DCF 
Accrual]/[Single 
Observation]/[Daily 
Average Accrual] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[], [] and [] 
 
(iii) 
DCF Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is DCF Accrual. If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
− 
Day Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the]/[each] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, [each of [], [] 
and []][]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen

--- Page 637 ---
637 
 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – From, [and 
including]/[but 
excluding], 
[] 
to, 
[and 
including]/[but excluding], []] (Repeat as 
necessary for each Coupon Observation 
Period)] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Observation Period', 'Spread Strike Level' or 
others) 
 
(e) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [Underlying 1]/[Underlying 
2]/[each Underlying], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [Underlying 1]/[Underlying 
2]/[each Underlying], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
[lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] [Opening [Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Predetermined Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(f) 
Underlying 1: 
[] 
 
(g) 
Underlying 2: 
[]

--- Page 638 ---
638 
 
 
 
(h) 
Underlying Level: 
In respect of a [Coupon Observation Date] [or] 
[Final Fixing Date] and an Underlying 1 or 
Underlying 2: 
[the Underlying Fixing Level of such Underlying 
on such [Coupon Observation Date] [or] [Final 
Fixing Date]]/  
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each date) 
 
(i) 
Spread Strike Level: 
[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of [] 
[and a maximum of []]] 
 
(j) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ] [] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [] 
per cent.]] 
 
(k) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of [] 
[and a maximum of []]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Applicable – [Indicatively, ] [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
37. 
 Flexible Barrier Products 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Definitions relating to Dates 
[Insert any applicable schedules, 
periods and dates relating to the 
provisions of Flexible Barrier 
Products that are not specified 
elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 [Insert dates and / or schedules] [] 
 
(b) 
Definitions relating to the Flexible 
Barrier Products 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[Insert definitions] []

--- Page 639 ---
639 
 
 
[Insert any applicable defined 
terms, 
including 
reference 
formula or variable data, relating 
to the provisions of Flexible 
Barrier Products that are not 
specified elsewhere] [] 
 
(c) 
Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Flexible Barrier Coupon 
Type 
[Coupon Option 1: No Coupon Barrier] / 
[Coupon Option 2: Single Coupon Barrier] / 
[Coupon Option 3: Single Coupon Event] / 
[Coupon Option 4: 2 Coupon Barriers] / 
[Coupon Option 5: Coupon Barrier and 
Coupon Event] / [Coupon Option 6: Coupon 
Event and Coupon Barrier] / [Coupon Option 7: 
2 Coupon Barrier Events] / [Coupon Option 8: 
Twin Coupon Barrier Condition] / [Coupon 
Option 9: Twin Coupon Event Condition] / 
[Coupon Option 10: Combined Coupon Barrier 
and Coupon Event Condition] / [Coupon 
Option 11: Two Tier Coupon] / [Coupon Option 
12: Three Tier Coupon] / [Coupon Option 13: 
Tiered Range Accrual] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Amount [] 
[Unless previously redeemed, the Coupon 
Amount [relating to each applicable period] [, i, 
] [] shall be determined [as of the applicable 
[Coupon] Valuation Date(i) ] [as of the 
applicable 
valuation 
date] 
[] 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: ] 
[(Insert the appropriate corresponding Coupon 
Amount formula described in the payout terms 
of the Flexible Barrier Products according to 
the relevant Flexible Barrier Coupon Type)] [] 
 
(iii) 
Specific 
Definitions 
relating to Coupon Dates 
[Insert any applicable 
dates relating to the 
Coupon Provisions of 
Flexible Barrier Products 
that are not defined 
elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[Insert dates] [] 
 
(iv) 
Specific 
Definitions 
relating to Coupons 
[Insert any applicable 
defined terms, including 
reference 
formula 
or 
variable data, relating to 
the coupon provisions of 
Flexible Barrier Products 
that are not specified 
elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[Insert deftinitions] [] 
 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 640 ---
640 
 
 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Flexible Barrier Autocall 
Type 
[Autocall Option 1: Single Autocall Condition] / 
[Autocall Option 2: Double Autocall Condition] 
/ 
[Autocall 
Option 
3: 
Layered 
Autocall 
Conditions] / [Autocall Option 4: Multiple 
Autocall Scenarios]  
 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount [] 
[Unless previously redeemed, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount [relating to each 
applicable period] [, i, ] [] shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent [as of the applicable 
[Autocall Observation] [Valuation] Date(i) ] [as 
of the applicable valuation date] [] in 
accordance with the following formula: ]  
[(Insert the appropriate corresponding Autocall 
Amount formula described in the payout terms 
of the Flexible Barrier Products according to 
the relevant Flexible Barrier Autocall Type)] [
] 
 
(iii) 
Specific 
Definitions 
relating to Autocall Dates 
[Insert any applicable 
dates relating to the 
Autocall Provisions of 
Flexible Barrier Products 
that are not defined 
elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert dates] [] 
 
(iv) 
Specific 
Definitions 
relating 
to 
Autocall 
Provisions 
[Insert any applicable 
defined terms, including 
reference 
formula 
or 
variable data, relating to 
the autocall provisions of 
Flexible Barrier Products 
that are not specified 
elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert deftinitions] [] 
 
(e) 
Final Redemption Provisions 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Flexible 
Barrier 
Final 
Redemption Type  
[Final Redemption Option 1: One Final Barrier] 
/ [Final Redemption Option 2: One Final 
Barrier] / [Final Redemption Option 3: Two 
Final Barriers] / [Final Redemption Option 4: 
Three Final Barriers] / [Final Redemption 
Option 5: Redemption Barrier Event Only] / 
[Final Redemption Option 6: Final Barrier and 
Redemption Barrier Event] / [Final Redemption 
Option 7: Two Final Barriers and Redemption 
Barrier Event] / [Final Redemption Option 8: 
Final Barrier conditional on Redemption 
Barrier Event] / [Final Redemption Option 9: 
Two Final Barriers conditional on Redemption 
Barrier Event] / [Final Redemption Option 10: 
Final Barrier Event Only] / [Final Redemption 
Option 11: Final Barrier Event and One Final 
Barrier] / [Final Redemption Option 12: Final

--- Page 641 ---
641 
 
 
Barrier Event and Two Final Barriers] / [Final 
Redemption Option 13: Final Barrier Event and 
Redemption Barrier Event] / [Final Redemption 
Option 14: Two Final Barriers and Redemption 
Barrier Event] 
 
(ii) 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount  
[Unless 
previously 
redeemed, 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
[as of the Final Valuation Date] [] in 
accordance with the following formula: ]  
[(Insert the appropriate corresponding Final 
Redemption Amount formula described in the 
payout terms of the Flexible Barrier Products 
according to the relevant Flexible Barrier Final 
Redemption Type)] [] 
 
(iii) 
Specific 
Definitions 
relating 
to 
the 
Final 
Redemption 
[Insert any applicable 
dates, 
schedules 
or 
defined terms, including 
reference 
formula 
or 
variable data, relating to 
the 
final 
redemption 
provisions 
of 
Flexible 
Barrier Products that are 
not specified elsewhere] 
[] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert dates, schedules and / or definitions] [
] 
 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
[If, at the option of the Issuer, the Products may 
be 
redeemed 
on 
[any] 
[the] 
Optional 
Redemption Date [(i)] and the Optional 
Redemption Amount shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula [on [] [the applicable 
valuation date]]: ] 
[(Insert the appropriate corresponding Optional 
Redemption Amount formula described in the 
payout terms of the Flexible Barrier Products)] 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Issuer 
Option 
Notice 
Period 
[] [Which shall be a minimum of 5 Business 
Days when the Product is cleared through 
Euroclear] 
 
(iii) 
Specific 
Definitions 
relating 
to 
the 
Redemption 
at 
the 
Option of the Issuer  
[Insert any applicable 
dates, 
schedules 
or 
defined terms, including 
reference 
formula 
or 
variable data, relating to 
the redemption at the 
option 
of 
the 
Issuer 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert dates, schedules and / or definitions] [
]

--- Page 642 ---
642 
 
 
provisions 
and 
conditions 
of 
Flexible 
Barrier Products that are 
not specified elsewhere] 
[] [] 
 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Product Holder 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. Note that if the 
applicable Products are Notes, the relevant 
Notes may not be redeemed at the option of of 
the Product Holder.) 
 
(i) 
Puttable 
Redemption 
Amount 
[If, at the option of the Issuer, the Products may 
be 
redeemed 
on 
[any] 
[the] 
Puttable 
Redemption Date [(i)] and the Puttable 
Redemption Amount shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula [on [] [the applicable 
valuation date]]: ] 
[(Insert the appropriate corresponding Puttable 
Redemption Amount formula described in the 
payout terms of the Flexible Barrier Products)] 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Product Holder Option 
Notice Period 
[] [Which shall be a minimum of 5 Business 
Days when the Product is cleared through 
Euroclear] 
 
(iii) 
Specific 
Definitions 
relating 
to 
the 
Redemption 
at 
the 
Option of the Product 
Holder  
[Insert any applicable 
dates, 
schedules 
or 
defined terms, including 
reference 
formula 
or 
variable data, relating to 
the redemption at the 
option of the product 
holder provisions and 
conditions 
of 
Flexible 
Barrier Products that are 
not specified elsewhere] 
[] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert dates, schedules and / or definitions] [
] 
38. 
 Rate Linked Products 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Definitions relating to Dates 
[Insert any applicable schedules, 
periods and dates relating to the 
provisions 
of 
Rate 
Linked 
Products that are not specified 
elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[Insert dates and / or schedules] [] 
 
(b) 
Definitions relating to the Flexible 
Barrier Products 
[Insert any applicable defined 
terms, 
including 
reference 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[Insert definitions] []

--- Page 643 ---
643 
 
 
formula or variable data, relating 
to the provisions of Rate Linked 
Products that are not specified 
elsewhere] [] 
 
(c) 
Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Type 
[Fixed 
Coupon] 
/ 
[Floating 
Coupon] 
/ 
[Switchable Coupon] / [European Digital 
Coupon] / [European Double Knock-Out 
Coupon] / [Barrier Event Linked Coupon] / 
[Range Accrual Coupon] / [Tiered Range 
Accrual Coupon] / [Two Tier Digital Coupon] / 
[Three Tier Digital Coupon] / [Two Step Down 
Digital Coupon] / [Three Step Down Digital 
Coupon] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Amount [] 
[Unless previously redeemed, the Coupon 
Amount [relating to each applicable period] [, i, 
] [] shall be determined [as of the applicable 
[Coupon] Valuation Date(i) ] [as of the 
applicable 
valuation 
date] 
[] 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: ] 
[(Insert the appropriate corresponding Coupon 
Amount formula described in the payout terms 
of the Rate Linked Products according to the 
relevant Coupon Type)] [] 
 
(iii) 
Specific 
Definitions 
relating to Coupon Dates 
[Insert any applicable 
dates relating to the 
Coupon Provisions of 
Rate Linked Products 
that are not defined 
elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert dates] [] 
 
(iv) 
Specific 
Definitions 
relating to Coupons 
[Insert any applicable 
defined terms, including 
reference 
formula 
or 
variable data, relating to 
the coupon provisions of 
Rate Linked Products 
that are not specified 
elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[Insert deftinitions] [] 
 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall Event 
[] 
(Insert applicable definition from the Rate 
Linked Product Conditions section of the 
programme) 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount [] 
[If an Autocall Event has occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be

--- Page 644 ---
644 
 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:] 
[(Insert 
the 
appropriate 
corresponding 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount formula 
described in the payout terms of the Rate 
Linked Products)] [] 
 
(iii) 
Specific Definitions 
relating to Autocall 
Dates 
[Insert any applicable 
dates relating to the 
Autocall Provisions of 
Rate Linked Products 
that are not defined 
elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert dates] [] 
 
(iv) 
Specific 
Definitions 
relating 
to 
Autocall 
Provisions 
[Insert any applicable 
defined terms, including 
reference 
formula 
or 
variable data, relating to 
the autocall provisions of 
Rate Linked Products 
that are not specified 
elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert definitions] [] 
 
(e) 
Final Redemption Provisions 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Final Redemption Type  
[Final Redemption Option 1: Single Scenario] / 
[Final Redemption Option 2: Single Final 
Barrier] / [Final Redemption Option 3: Single 
Barrier Event] / [Final Redemption Option 4: 
Two Final Barriers] / [Final Redemption Option 
5: One Final Barrier and a Barrier Event] / 
[Final Redemption Option 6: Two Barrier 
Events]  
 
(ii) 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount  
[Unless 
previously 
redeemed, 
the 
Final 
Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
[as of the Final Valuation Date] [] in 
accordance with the following formula: ]  
[(Insert the appropriate corresponding Final 
Redemption Amount formula described in the 
payout terms of the Rates Linked Products 
according to the relevant Final Redemption 
Type)] [] 
 
(iii) 
Specific 
Definitions 
relating 
to 
the 
Final 
Redemption 
[Insert any applicable 
dates, 
schedules 
or 
defined terms, including 
reference 
formula 
or 
variable data, relating to 
the 
final 
redemption 
provisions 
of 
Rate 
Linked Products that are 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert dates, schedules and / or definitions] [
]

--- Page 645 ---
645 
 
 
not specified elsewhere] 
[] 
 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
[If, at the option of the Issuer, the Products may 
be 
redeemed 
on 
[any] 
[the] 
Optional 
Redemption Date [(i)] and the Optional 
Redemption Amount shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula [on [] [the applicable 
valuation date]]: ] 
[(Insert the appropriate corresponding Optional 
Redemption Amount formula described in the 
payout terms of the Rate Linked Products)] [] 
 
(ii) 
Issuer 
Option 
Notice 
Period 
[] [Which shall be a minimum of 5 Business 
Days when the Product is cleared through 
Euroclear] 
 
(iii) 
Specific 
Definitions 
relating 
to 
the 
Redemption 
at 
the 
Option of the Issuer  
[Insert any applicable 
dates, 
schedules 
or 
defined terms, including 
reference 
formula 
or 
variable data, relating to 
the redemption at the 
option 
of 
the 
Issuer 
provisions 
and 
conditions 
of 
Rate 
Linked Products that are 
not specified elsewhere] 
[] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert dates, schedules and / or definitions] [
] 
 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Product Holder 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. Note that if the 
applicable Products are Notes, the relevant 
Notes may not be redeemed at the option of of 
the Product Holder. ) 
 
(i) 
Puttable 
Redemption 
Amount 
[If, at the option of the Issuer, the Products may 
be 
redeemed 
on 
[any] 
[the] 
Puttable 
Redemption Date [(i)] and the Puttable 
Redemption Amount shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula [on [] [the applicable 
valuation date]]: ] 
[(Insert the appropriate corresponding Puttable 
Redemption Amount formula described in the 
payout terms of the Rate Linked Products)] [] 
 
(ii) 
Product Holder Option 
Notice Period 
[] [Which shall be a minimum of 5 Business 
Days when the Product is cleared through 
Euroclear] 
 
(iii) 
Specific 
Definitions 
relating 
to 
the 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]

--- Page 646 ---
646 
 
 
Redemption 
at 
the 
Option of the Product 
Holder  
[Insert any applicable 
dates, 
schedules 
or 
defined terms, including 
reference 
formula 
or 
variable data, relating to 
the redemption at the 
option of the product 
holder provisions and 
conditions of the Rate 
Linked Products that are 
not specified elsewhere] 
[] 
 
 
[Insert dates, schedules and / or definitions] [
]

--- Page 647 ---
647 
 
 
Provisions relating to the Underlying(s) 
Underlying Table 
[i] 
[Underlying[s]:] 
[Bloomberg 
Code:] 
[ISIN:] 
[[Underlying] Initial 
Fixing Date:] 
[] 
(Insert 
relevant Level 
as defined in 
the 
relevant 
Payout 
Conditions 
and 
as 
specified 
in 
this 
Pricing 
Supplement. 
Repeat 
as 
necessary.) 
[Exchange(s)]/[
Price 
Source(s)]/[Scr
een 
Page(s)]/[Refer
ence 
Market(s)]/[Inde
x 
Sponsor(s)]/[Se
rvice 
Provider(s)][:] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
39. 
Share Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Share Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Share(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Share]/[Each share 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
[ISIN: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], []]/[As set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 
'Exchange(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the relevant Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reduced 
Number 
of 
Shares: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[− 
Relevant Number of 
Shares: 
[]] (Delete if Reduced Number of Shares is 
specified as Not Applicable) 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Share Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [] 
(specify number of days)]

--- Page 648 ---
648 
 
 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
the 
[Closing Share Price]/[Volume Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Share 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date] [for such Share]] 
[[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Share Price]/[Volume Weighted Average 
Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday Price 
at any time] on [each Initial Lookback 
Observation Date]/[each Initial Lookback 
Period Observation Date in the Initial 
Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Share]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], []]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified in 
item 29 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], 
[Opening 
Share 
Price]/[Closing 
Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date]] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Closing Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday Price 
at any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging 
Date [for such Share]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level)

--- Page 649 ---
649 
 
 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
40. 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Participation 
Certificate 
(Genussscheine) 
Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Participation 
Certificate(s) 
(Genussscheine): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[Each participation certificate set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
[ISIN: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(b) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], []]/[As set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 
'Exchange(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the relevant Participation 
Certificate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(c) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Participation 
Certificate 
(Genussscheine) 
Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [] (specify 
number of days)] 
 
(e) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Participation Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], the [Closing Price]/ 
[Volume Weighted Average Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date] [for such Participation Certificate]

--- Page 650 ---
650 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Participation Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Participation 
Certificate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(g) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], []]/[Insert for Open 
Ended Tracker Products: As specified in item 
29 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], 
the [Closing Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price] /[Volume Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on 
each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for such 
Participation Certificate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
 
(Insert 
the 
following 
sub-paragraph 
as 
required for the definition of Final Fixing Level)

--- Page 651 ---
651 
 
 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
41. 
Index Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Index Linked 
Products]/[Proprietary Index][Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Index(ices): 
[Insert name of relevant Index]/[Each index 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(c) 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], []]/[As set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 
'Index 
Sponsor(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the relevant Index] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Index Linked Condition 6 (Definitions)/ [] 
(specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
the 
[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date] [for such Index]] 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on [each 
Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in

--- Page 652 ---
652 
 
 
the Initial Lookback Observation Period][for 
such Index]] 
 (Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
[]]/[Insert 
for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified in 
item 29 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], 
[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
In respect of the [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Closing Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday Level at 
any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Index]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
 
(Insert 
the 
following 
sub-paragraph 
as 
required for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
42. 
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Depositary 
Receipt Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Depositary Receipt(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[Each depositary receipt set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
(b) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], []]/[As set forth in the Underlying 
Table 
above 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
'Exchange(s)' in the same row as the relevant 
Depositary Receipt]

--- Page 653 ---
653 
 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(c) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Reduced 
Number 
of 
Shares: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[− 
Relevant Number of 
Shares: 
[]](Delete if Reduced Number of Shares is 
specified as Not Applicable) 
 
(d) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Depositary Receipt Linked Condition 5 
(Definitions)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
 
(e) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on 
the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Depositary Receipt] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on 
[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Depositary 
Receipt]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt)

--- Page 654 ---
654 
 
 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(g) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], []]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 29 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Intraday Price at 
any time] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Intraday Price at 
any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Depositary Receipt]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
43. 
Commodity Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Commodity 
Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Commodity(ies): 
[Insert name of relevant Commodity]/[Each 
commodity set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
[]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(c) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], []]/[As 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same

--- Page 655 ---
655 
 
 
row 
as 
the 
relevant 
Commodity]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(d) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], []]/[As 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Commodity]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(e) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Permanent 
Market 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Commodity Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ 
[] (specify number of days)] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], the Commodity Reference Price 
on the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Commodity]] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] 
of the Commodity Reference Price on [each 
Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in 
the Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for 
such Commodity]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []]

--- Page 656 ---
656 
 
 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
[]]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker Products: 
As specified in item 29 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], the 
Commodity Reference Price on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
Commodity 
Reference Price on each Final Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such Commodity]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
44. 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Currency Exchange Rate(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate]/[Each currency exchange rate set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(b) 
Reference Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[the Currency Exchange 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(c) 
Base Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[the Currency Exchange 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(d) 
Derived Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[− 
Cross Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[the Currency Exchange 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(e) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[the 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[ 
Base 
Currency/Cross

--- Page 657 ---
657 
 
 
Currency Price]/[Cross Currency/Reference 
Currency Price], []]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 
'Price Source(s)' in the same row as the 
relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange 
Rate, 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price) 
 
(f) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[the 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[ 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency Price]/[Cross Currency/Reference 
Currency Price], []]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 
'Price Source(s)' in the same row as the 
relevant Currency Exchange Rate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(g) 
Currency Exchange Rate Valuation 
Time(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[ 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency Price]/[Cross Currency/Reference 
Currency Price], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange 
Rate, 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price) 
 
(h) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition 5 
(Definitions)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
 
(j) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(k) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Currency Exchange Rate], 
the Currency Exchange Reference Rate on 
the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial 
Fixing Date] [for such Currency Exchange 
Rate] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Currency 
Exchange

--- Page 658 ---
658 
 
 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Currency Exchange Rate], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
Currency Exchange Rate on [each Initial 
Lookback Observation Date]/[each Initial 
Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Currency Exchange Rate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(l) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency Exchange Rate], []]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified in 
item 29 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
(m) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Currency Exchange Rate], 
the Currency Exchange Reference Rate on 
the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the Currency Exchange 
Rate on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such Currency Exchange Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
45. 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Futures 
Contract Linked Products]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 659 ---
659 
 
 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Futures Contract(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[Each futures contract set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(b) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], 
[]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above 
in the column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(c) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], 
[]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above 
in the column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(d) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], 
[]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above 
in the column entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in 
the same row as the relevant Futures 
Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(e) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Permanent 
Market 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Futures 
Contract 
Linked 
Condition 
5 
(Definitions)/ [] (specify number of days)] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures Contract], the [Intraday Price at any 
time]/[Settlement Price] on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Futures Contract]

--- Page 660 ---
660 
 
 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Intraday 
Price at any time]/[Settlement Price] on [each 
Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in 
the Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for 
such Futures Contract]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [], 
[] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] 
Futures 
Contract], 
[]]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker Products: 
As specified in item 29 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], the 
[Intraday Price at any time]/[Settlement Price] 
on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Intraday Price at any 
time]/[Settlement Price] on each Final Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such Futures Contract]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [], 
[] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract)

--- Page 661 ---
661 
 
 
46. 
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative 
Instrument Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are [Fixed Rate 
Instrument Linked Products] [and] [Derivative 
Instrument Linked Products]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Instrument(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Fixed 
Rate 
Instrument]/[Each fixed rate instrument set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column 
entitled 
'Underlying(s)']/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fixed Rate 
Instrument) 
 
(b) 
Derivative Instrument(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Derivative 
Instrument]/[Each derivative instrument set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column 
entitled 
'Underlying(s)']/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Derivative 
Instrument) 
 
(c) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Derivative] Instrument], []]/[As set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Instrument] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Derivative] Instrument]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Fixed 
Rate 
Instrument 
and 
Derivative 
Instrument Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ 
[] (specify number of days)] 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], 
the [Opening Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Instrument 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Opening Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday Price 
at any time] on [each Initial Lookback 
Observation Date]/[each Initial Lookback

--- Page 662 ---
662 
 
 
Period Observation Date in the Initial 
Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Instrument]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], 
[]]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker Products: 
As specified in item 29 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], the [Opening Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such Instrument]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
47. 
ETF Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are ETF Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
ETF Share(s): 
[Insert name of relevant ETF Share]/[Each 
ETF share set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(b) 
Fund: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], []

--- Page 663 ---
663 
 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], []]/[As set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same row 
as the relevant ETF Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(d) 
Fund Reference Index: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
− 
Fund Reference Index 
Sponsor: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(e) 
Management Company: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(f) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
ETF Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [] 
(specify number of days)] 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant ETF Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], 
the [Closing Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
ETF Share]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant ETF Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], 
the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such ETF Share]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share)

--- Page 664 ---
664 
 
 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [], [] and 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], []]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified in 
item 29 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
(k) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant ETF Share]/[[the]/[each] 
ETF Share], the [Closing Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
ETF 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such ETF Share]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [], [] and 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
48. 
Fund Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Fund Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Fund Unit(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Fund Unit]/[Each fund 
unit set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(b) 
Fund(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(c) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit and Fund]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit and 
such relevant Fund]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Fund Linked Condition 5 (Definitions)/ [] 
(specify number of days)]

--- Page 665 ---
665 
 
 
 
(e) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], 
the 
NAV 
on 
the 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Fund Unit]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], 
the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the NAV on 
[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Fund Unit]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(g) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], []]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified in 
item 29 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
(h) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund 
Unit], the NAV on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] 
Fund 
Unit], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the NAV on each Final 
Fixing Averaging Date [for such Fund Unit]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final 
Fixing 
Averaging Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
49. 
Reference Rate Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Reference 
Rate Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 666 ---
666 
 
 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[Each reference rate set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 
'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(b) 
Screen Page(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], []]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Screen Page(s)' 
in the same row as the relevant Reference 
Rate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(c) 
Relevant Financial Centre(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(d) 
Relevant Time: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(e) 
Quotation Rounding: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], rounded to the nearest [] decimal 
place 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(f) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference Rate], the Screen Rate on the 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date] [for such Reference Rate]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the Screen

--- Page 667 ---
667 
 
 
Rate on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Reference 
Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], []]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 29 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], 
the 
Screen Rate on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], the [lowest]/[Average] of the Screen 
Rate on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such Reference Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
General provisions 
50. 
Form of Products: 
[Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities]  
[SIX SIS Securities] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Bearer 
Security 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Bearer

--- Page 668 ---
668 
 
 
Security which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Securities upon an Exchange Event] 
[Insert if applicable for Euroclear/Clearstream 
Securities] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Bearer 
Security 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Securities 
upon an Exchange Event] [Insert if applicable 
for Euroclear/Clearstream Securities] 
51. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable – see the cover page of these 
Final Terms]/[Not applicable] 
52. 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel 
before 
disapplying 
this 
selling 
restriction)] 
53. 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
UK 
Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
54. 
Business Centre(s): 
[][Not Applicable] 
55. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following] [Modified Following] [Nearest] 
[Preceding] 
[Modified 
Preceding] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
56. 
Specified Number of Business Days: 
[Three Business Days as specified in General 
Condition 22 (Definitions and Interpretation)/ 
[] (specify number of days)] 
57. 
Other Rounding Convention: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[− 
Specified Sub-Unit: 
[[All amounts due and payable: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] 
to 
[insert 
number] 
decimal place[s]] [Not Applicable] 
 
[− 
Specified Decimal Place: 
[[[Specify percentage or value]: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] to next [higher/lower] 
[insert number]] [Not Applicable] 
58. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Leonteq Securities AG]/[] 
59. 
Paying Agent: 
[(if Euroclear/Clearstream Securities) BIL/[]] 
[(if SIS SIX Securities) Leonteq Securities 
AG/BIL] 
60. 
Additional Agents: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
61. 
Notice Website: 
[] 
62. 
[Name(s)] [and address(es)] of [Dealer(s)] 
[and underwriting commitments]: 
[Leonteq Securities AG, Europaallee 39, 8004 
Zurich, Switzerland] 
[Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, 69, 
route d'Esch, L-2953 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg] 
[Date of underwriting commitment] 
[] [Not Applicable] 
63. 
Governing Law: 
Luxembourg law

--- Page 669 ---
669 
 
 
Part C – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING  
(a) Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Not Applicable] [Application [has been made/is 
expected to be made] by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Products to be [listed] [on the 
Official List] [and] [admitted to trading on] [the 
Regulated Market/Euro MTF of [the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/other (specify)]] /[multi lateral 
trading facility of securitised derivative financial 
instruments (the "SeDeX Market") organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.]/[multilateral 
trading facility EuroTLX (managed by EuroTLX 
SIM S.p.A)]/[Hi-Cert market segment of the 
multilateral trading facility Hi-Mtf (organised and 
managed by Hi-Mtf Sim S.p.A.)]/[Spectrum 
multilateral 
trading 
facility 
(organised 
and 
managed 
by 
Spectrum 
MTF 
Operator 
GmbH)]/[Open Market (Freiverkehr) of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
Zertifikate AG)]/[SIX Swiss Exchange]/[/[   
[The Tranche [] Products[, Tranche [] Products][ 
and Tranche [] Products] were [listed and] 
[admitted to trading] on [the multi lateral trading 
facility of the SeDeX Market (organized and 
managed 
by 
Borsa 
Italiana 
S.p.A)]/[the 
multilateral trading facility EuroTLX (managed by 
EuroTLX 
SIM 
S.p.A)]/[the 
Open 
Market 
(Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt Zertifikate AG)]/[ ] on or around 
[][,[]][and [], respectively]  
(b) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[[]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that the original products are already 
admitted to trading) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Products have not been individually rated.] 
[The Products to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Products of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
[Insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]] and 
associated defined terms].  
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation). As such each of [defined 
terms] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.]] 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [_]]

--- Page 670 ---
670 
 
 
 
[Moody's: [_]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Products of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating) 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
[]10/[Not Applicable] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[]11/[Not Applicable] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[_] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
general funding purposes of the Issuer, will need 
to include those reasons here) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[_] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding.) 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[_] [Include breakdown of expenses]] 
 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING[S] AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE UNDERLYING[S]  
[] 
 
7. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
7.1 
Authorised Offer(s) 
(a) 
Public Offer: 
[Not Applicable]/[An offer of the Products may be 
made, subject to the conditions set out below by 
the Authorised Offeror(s) (specified in (b) 
immediately below) other than pursuant to Article 
1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation in the 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) (specified in (c) 
immediately below) during the Offer Period 
(specified in (d) immediately below) subject to the 
conditions set out in the Base Prospectus and in 
(e) immediately below] 
                                                     
10 Where applicable, include additional information relating to notifications for the relevant issue/offer. 
11 Only include a description of any interests, including conflicting ones, that are material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons 
involved and the nature of the interest. Otherwise delete this paragraph 3.

--- Page 671 ---
671 
 
 
(b) 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place 
(together 
the 
"Authorised 
Offeror(s)"): 
Each financial intermediary specified in (i) and (ii) 
below: 
(i) 
Specific 
consent: 
[[] 
(the 
"Initial 
Authorised 
Offeror(s)")] 
[and 
each 
financial intermediary expressly named as 
an Authorised Offeror on the website of 
the Issuer (www.bil.com)]; and 
(ii) 
General 
consent: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable: 
each 
financial 
intermediary which (A) is authorised to 
make 
such 
offers 
under 
Directive 
2014/65/EU, and (B) accepts such offer 
by 
publishing 
on 
its 
website 
the 
Acceptance Statement] 
(c) 
Jurisdiction(s) where the offer 
may take place (together, the 
"Public Offer Jurisdictions(s)"): 
[Luxembourg][,][and][Germany][,][and][Austria][,][
and][Belgium][,] [and] [the Netherlands] [,][and] 
[Italy] [,][and] [France][,][and] [Denmark].]  
(d) 
Offer period for which use of the 
Base Prospectus is authorised by 
the Authorised Offeror(s): 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Other conditions for use of the 
Base 
Prospectus 
by 
the 
Authorised Offeror(s): 
[] [[], in relation to those Authorised Offeror(s) 
specified in (b)(ii) above only] [Not Applicable] 
7.2 
Other terms and conditions of the offer 
(a) 
Offer Price: 
[The Issue Price]/[[]]/[[] (being the Issue Price 
plus an initial load of [])] 
(b) 
Total amount of offer: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Time 
period, 
including 
any 
possible 
amendments, 
during 
which the offer will be open and 
description of the application 
process: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Description of the application 
process: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[The [minimum]/[maximum] amount of application 
which can be subscribed by the relevant Investors 
is []] [There is no [minimum]/[maximum] amount 
of application] [Not Applicable] [] 
(g) 
Description 
of 
possibility 
to 
reduce subscriptions and manner 
[] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 672 ---
672 
 
 
for refunding excess amount paid 
by applicants: 
(h) 
Details of method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
Products: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is 
made: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[] [Not Applicable]  
(m) 
Name(s) and address(es), legal 
entity identifier, domicile, legal 
form and country of incorporation, 
to the extent known to the Issuer, 
of the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[] [Not Applicable]  
8. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
[Include if applicable: [Specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name] [repeat 
as necessary]. [As at the date of these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does 
not appear] [repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]/[Not Applicable] 
 
ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE RELEVANT PRODUCT 
[Insert completed issue-specific Summary for the Products]

--- Page 673 ---
673 
 
 
FORM OF SEPARATE WARRANT FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Separate Warrant Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche 
of Separate Warrants which are not Exempt Separate Warrants issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Separate Warrants are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Separate Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Separate Warrants or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]12 
[13MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Separate Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Separate 
Warrants is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Separate 
Warrants to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Separate Warrants (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Separate Warrants (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
14[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Separate Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Separate 
Warrants is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; EITHER15 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Separate Warrants are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services] OR 16[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Separate 
Warrants to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-
advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Separate Warrants (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Separate 
Warrants (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]17.] 
 
 
                                                     
12 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Warrants potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which 
case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
13 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach. 
14 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
15 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
16 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed 
necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Warrants constitute 
"complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
17 If the Warrants constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability 
will be necessary.

--- Page 674 ---
674 
 
 
 
Separate Warrant Final Terms dated [] 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 9CZ7TVMR36CYD5TZBS50 
Issue of [Title of Separate Warrants] [Series Number] [Tranche Number] 
Programme for the issue of Structued Notes, Certificates and Warrants 
 
Part A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 6 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the 
"Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Separate Warrants described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on 
[Issuer's /Financial Intermediaries'/regulated market's] website. 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Separate 
Warrant Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 6 July 2022. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Separate Warrants described herein for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 6 July 2022 
[and the supplement to it dated [] which together, constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus 
has been published on [Issuer's /Financial Intermediaries'/regulated market's] website.] 
(N.B. If there has been any adverse change in the financial position or results of operations of 
the Issuer or of the BIL Group in each case which is material in the context of the Programme or the 
issue and offering of Separate Warrants thereunder, since the date of last audited accounts or interim 
accounts (if later), then such disclosure should be made by means of a prospectus supplement.) 
A. 
ISSUE DETAILS 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
(iii) 
Date on which the Warrants will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[_] 
[_]] 
The Warrants will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series 
with 
[provide 
issue 
amount/ISIN/settlement date/issue date of 
earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date][Not 
Applicable]] 
2. 
Relevant Clearing System [and the 
relevant identification number(s)]: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
[SIS [– identification number []]] (specify other; 
give name(s), address(es) and identification 
number(s)) [] 
3. 
Title: 
[Call/Put] Warrants linked to [_] 
4. 
Number: 
[] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 675 ---
675 
 
 
5. 
Call: 
The Warrants are [Call/Put] Warrants. 
6. 
Warrant Style: 
The Warrants are [American/European] Style 
Warrants. 
7. 
Issue Date: 
[_] 
8. 
Trade Date: 
[_] 
9. 
First Exercise Date: 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
10. 
Final Exercise Date: 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Exercise 
Date 
or 
Exercise 
Dates 
(European Style only): 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Automatic Exercise:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
13. 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Maximum Exercise Number (American 
Style only): 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
15. 
Calculation Agent:  
[Name and address] 
16. 
Date of resolution of Board of Directors 
of the Issuer approving the issue of the 
Warrants: 
[_] 
17. 
Issue Price: 
[_] 
B. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE TYPE OF SEPARATE WARRANTS 
 
1. 
Cash Settlement Provisions in relation to 
Index Linked Warrants: 
(General Condition 4(b)(i)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
This section should set out the rights attaching to the Warrants on exercise. It should 
generally include definitions of: 
 
(i) 
"Index": 
[_] 
 
(ii) 
"Index Sponsor": 
[_] 
 
(iii) 
"Bloomberg Screen": 
[_] 
 
(iv) 
"Exchange": 
[_] 
 
(v) 
"Business Day": 
[means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in [_] and London]. 
 
(vi) 
"Settlement Date": 
means [the [number of days] Business Day 
following the Valuation Date]. 
 
(vii) 
"Settlement Currency": 
[_] 
 
(viii) 
"Initial Valuation Date": 
[_] 
 
(ix) 
"Final Valuation Date": 
[_] 
 
(x) 
"NA": 
[ ] per Warrant 
2. 
Cash Settlement Provisions in relation to 
ETF Linked Warrants: 
(General Condition 4(b)(ii)) 
[Applicable. The Warrants are [Call][Put] ETF 
Linked Warrants/Not Applicable] 
 
This section should set out the rights attaching to the Warrants on exercise. It should 
generally include definitions of: 
 
(i) 
"Exchange Traded Fund": 
[_] 
 
(ii) 
"ETF Issuer": 
[_]

--- Page 676 ---
676 
 
 
 
(iii) 
"ETF Share": 
[_] 
 
(iv) 
ISIN of ETF Share: 
[_] 
 
(v) 
"Bloomberg Screen": 
[_] 
 
(vi) 
"Business Day": 
[means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in [_] and London]. 
 
(vii) 
"Settlement Date": 
[means [the [number of days] Business Day 
following the Valuation Date] / [the [number of 
days] Business Day following receipt of the 
Exercise Notice by the Issuer]. 
 
(viii) 
"Settlement Currency": 
[_] 
 
(ix) 
"Initial Valuation Date": 
[_] 
 
(x) 
"Final Valuation Date": 
[_] 
 
(xi) 
"Strike Price": 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
"NA": 
[ ] per Warrant 
3. 
Physical 
Settlement 
Provisions 
in 
relation to ETF Linked Warrants: 
(General Condition 4(c)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
This section should set out the rights attaching to the Warrants on exercise. It should 
generally include definitions of: 
 
(i) 
"Exchange Traded Fund": 
(ii) 
"ETF Issuer": 
[_] 
[_] 
 
(iii) 
"ETF Share": 
[_] 
 
(iv) 
ISIN of ETF Share: 
[_] 
 
(v) 
"Bloomberg Screen": 
[_] 
 
(vi) 
"Exchange": 
[_] 
 
(vii) 
"Exercise Price": 
means the Closing Price which will be notified to 
Warrantholder in accordance with Warrant 
Condition 15. 
 
(viii) 
"Share Amount": 
means a fraction of ETF Shares calculated in 
accordance with  
Parity
1
 
 
(ix) 
"Parity": 
means the number of Warrants required for the 
delivery of one ETF Share to the relevant 
Warrantholder and the Parity will be notified to 
Warrantholders on the Initial Valuation Day in 
accordance with Warrant Condition 15. The 
Parity is [_] Warrants for delivery of one ETF 
Share. 
 
(x) 
"Business Day": 
means [a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in [_] and London]. 
 
(xi) 
"Settlement Date": 
means [the [number of days] Business Day 
following the Valuation Date]. 
 
(xii) 
"Initial Valuation Date": 
[ ]

--- Page 677 ---
677 
 
 
 
(xiii) 
["Cash Floor": 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: 
"Cash Floor Barrier Level": [ ] 
"Cash Settlement Amount": [ ]] 
 
(xiv) 
“NA”: 
[ ] per Warrant

--- Page 678 ---
678 
 
 
C. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SEPARATE WARRANTS 
 
1. 
Form of Warrants: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream Securities: Permanent 
Global Warrant exchangeable for Definitive 
Warrants in the limited circumstances specified 
in the permanent Global Warrant.] 
[SIX SIS Securities] 
[Warrants shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source.] The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [_], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
 ________________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 679 ---
679 
 
 
Part B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
A. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Warrants to 
be admitted to trading on [the Regulated 
Market/Euro MTF of [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/other (specify)]] with effect from 
[_]][Application has been made for the Warrants 
to be admitted to listing on the Official List of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange and trading on the 
Open Market] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that the original Warrants are already 
admitted to trading) 
B. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Warrants to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Warrants of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
[Insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]] and 
associated defined terms]  
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation). As such each of [defined 
terms] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.]] 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [_]] 
 
[Moody's: [_]] 
 
[[Other]: [_]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Warrants of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating) 
 
 
C. 
NOTIFICATION 
[The Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financíer [has been requested to provide/has 
provided [include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or 
update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues]] the [include names of 
competent authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] [Not Applicable] 
D. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so 
far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Warrants has an interest material to 
the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage,

--- Page 680 ---
680 
 
 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [Additional interest, including 
conficting one, which arose after the date of approval of the Base Prospectus [Please specify]] [Not 
Applicable] 
E. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
1. 
Reasons for the offer: 
[_] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
general funding purposes of the Issuer, will need 
to include those reasons here.)] 
2. 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[_] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding) 
3. 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[_] [Include breakdown of expenses]] 
F. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE [INDEX[ [ETF SHARE] [AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING [THE [INDEX] [ETF SHARE] 
• 
(Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
[Index] [ETF Share] can be obtained.) 
• 
(Where the underlying is an index, include the name of the index and details of where 
information about the index can be obtained.) 
• 
(Where the underlying is an exchange traded fund, include the name of the 
exchange traded fund and details of where information about exchange traded fund 
can be obtained.) 
(When completing the above paragraphs, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information (specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained)][does not intend to provide post-issuance 
information]. 
G. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[_] 
Common Code: 
[_] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
Names and addresses of Fiscal Agent: 
[_] 
H. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
1. 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
2. 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses of Managers and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments] 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
3. 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[_][Include date]

--- Page 681 ---
681 
 
 
4. 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable][Give name and address] 
5. 
Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[_] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
6. 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]]; TEFRA 
not applicable 
7. 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining placeholders of this 
paragraph 7 and also paragraph 9 below)  
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the 
issuer intends to make Non-exempt Offers 
(where the Base Prospectus lists the Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdictions, select from that list), 
which must therefore be jurisdictions where the 
Base Prospectus and any supplements have 
been passported (in addition to the jurisdiction 
where approved and published)] 
Offer Period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date] (the "Offer 
Period")[save in case of early termination due to 
oversubscription] 
Financial intermediaries granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with 
the Conditions in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial 
intermediaries 
receiving 
consent 
(specify 
consent)] [Please refer to the Dealer specified 
above] 
8. 
General Consent:  
9. 
Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other conditions to 
which the consent given is subject]. 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make 
a Non-exempt offer [where there is no exemption 
from the obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus] in relevant 
jurisdictions. No such offer should be made in 
any relevant jurisdiction until those requirements 
have been met. Non-exempt offers may only be 
made into jurisdictions in which the base 
prospectus (and any supplement) has been 
notified/passported.) 
10. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors18: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
11. 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
                                                     
18 Please note that before choosing a specific option in the Final Terms with regard to selling restrictions for retail investors in the 
context of a public offer in a specific jurisdiction, advice is to be taken from specific counsel in respect of the determination to be 
made whether a specific Product would fall into a category of products which are deemed to be banned from the public offering 
to the retail investors in a specific jurisdiction, e.g. as per the AMF (Autorité des marchés financiers) position no. 2010-05 on the 
marketing of complex financial instruments, the CSSF Regulation No. 19-06 on contracts for difference or the AFM (Autoriteit 
Financiele Markten) decision on restriction on turbos on 30 June 2021.

--- Page 682 ---
682 
 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel before disapplying this selling restriction)

--- Page 683 ---
683 
 
 
I. 
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 7 above is specified to be Not Applicable because 
there is no Non-exempt Offer) 
1. 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price – specify] 
2. 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
3. 
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
4. 
Description of possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner for refunding excess 
amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
5. 
Time 
period 
(including 
any 
possible amendments) during 
which the offer will be open and 
description of the application 
process: 
[_] 
6. 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
7. 
Details of the method and time 
limits 
for 
paying 
up 
and 
delivering the Warrants: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
8. 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
9. 
Procedure for exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
10. 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
11. 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and 
the 
indication 
whether 
dealing 
may 
begin 
before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
12. 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
13. 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of 
the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes 
place.  
The Authorised Offerors identified in paragraph 
[8] above. 
14. 
[Name and address of the 
entities which have a firm 
commitment 
to 
act 
as 
intermediaries 
in 
secondary 
trading, 
providing 
liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and 
[None][Give details]]

--- Page 684 ---
684 
 
 
description of the main terms of 
their commitment:] 
J. 
U.S. TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
[The Warrants are [not] Specified Warrants for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986.] [Additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the 
Warrants will be available at [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact].] (The Warrants will 
not be Specified Warrants if they (i) are issued prior to January 1, 2023 and are not "delta-one" for 
U.S. tax purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the Warrants reference 
a U.S. equity or an index that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to January 1, 2023 and provide a return that does 
not differ significantly from the return on an investment in the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after 
January 1, 2023, further analysis would be required. If the Warrants are Specified Warrants, include 
the “Additional information” sentence and provide the appropriate contact information at the Issuer.) 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has not determined whether the Warrants are 
Specified Warrants for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
however, indicatively it considers that they will [not] be Specified Warrants for these purposes. This 
is indicative information only subject to change and if the Issuer’s final determination is different then 
it will give notice of such determination. Please contact [name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] 
for further information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Warrants.] (This formulation 
to be used if the Issuer has not made a final determination regarding whether the Warrants are 
Specified Warrants as of the date of the Final Terms.)

--- Page 685 ---
685 
 
 
SUMMARY OF THE SEPARATE WARRANTS 
[Insert completed issue-specific Summary for the Separate Warrants]

--- Page 686 ---
686 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Products, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Products are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Products or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]19 
[MiFID II product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[NOTICE TO SWISS INVESTORS  - As a result of having derivative components, the Products may be 
considered structured products in Switzerland pursuant to article 70 of the Swiss Federal Act on 
Financial Services of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA"). They do not qualify as units of a collective investment 
scheme according to the relevant provisions of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment 
Schemes of 23 June 2006 ("CISA"), as amended, and are not registered thereunder. Therefore, the 
Products are neither governed by the CISA nor authorised or supervised by the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). Accordingly, holders of the Products do not have the benefit of the 
specific investor protection provided under the CISA. [The Products documented in this Pricing 
Supplement are not being offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland 
to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) within the meaning of FinSA ("Retail Clients"). Neither 
this Pricing Supplement nor any offering materials relating to the Products may be available to Retail 
Clients in or from Switzerland. The offering of the Products directly or indirectly, in, into or from 
Switzerland is only made by way of private placement by addressing the Products solely at investors 
classified as professional clients (professionelle Kunden) or institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) 
within the meaning of FinSA ("Professional or Institutional Clients").]20] 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI): 9CZ7TVMR36CYD5TZBS50] 
 [Up 
to] 
[] 
[[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
European 
Barrier 
[with 
[(Return)]/[(Protection)]/[(Optimal Tracker)]/[(Inverse Participation [and High Strike])]/[Increased 
Downside 
Risk]]]/[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
American 
Barrier 
[with 
[(Return)]/[(Protection)]/[(Inverse 
Participation 
[and 
High 
Strike])]/[Increased 
Downside 
Risk][Yield Enhancement Products without Barrier [[(Inverse) with High Strike]/[with Downside 
Participation]]]]/[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products 
with 
Stability 
Note]/[Twin 
Win 
with 
[European]/[American] Barrier ([Bullish]/[Bearish])]/[Fixed Redemption Products]/[Protection 
Products [with]/[without] [Barrier [and Strike Event]/[and Upside Protection]]/[Twin Win [and 
                                                     
19 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which 
case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
20 Please note that it would also be possible to benefit from such a private placement exemption, if: (a) the offer is made to less 
than 500 Retail Clients, (b) the denomination of the Products is at least CHF 100'000, (c) the Products may only be purchased 
by investors investing at least CHF 100'000; or (d) the offer does not exceed the cap of CHF 8'000'000 (over a 12 months period). 
In the event that the Issuer would benefit from such other exemption, please adjust the wording accordingly.

--- Page 687 ---
687 
 
 
Low Strike ]]]/[Bonus Products [(European Barrier)]/[(European Barrier with Upside 
Participation)]/[(European Barrier with Downside Participation)]/[(European Barrier with Bonus 
Cap)]/[(American 
Barrier 
with 
Upside 
Participation 
and 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Upside Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Upside 
Participation and Downside Participation)]/[(American Barrier with Bonus Cap)]/[(American 
Barrier with Upside Cap and Downside Cap)]]]/[Reverse Convertible Products (Single 
Underlying)]/[Reverse Convertible Products (Basket of Underlyings)]/[Reverse Convertible 
Product (Spread Underlying)]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products with European 
Barrier]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with American Barrier]/[Barrier Reverse 
Convertible Products with European Barrier and Participation]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products with American Barrier and Participation]/[Barrier Reverse Convertible Products with 
Leverage Downside]/[Dual Currency Product[with Upside in Investment Currency]/[with Upside 
in Alternative Currency Payout]]/[Tracker Product [(Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Quanto FX and no Dividends)]/[( Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[(Single Underlying with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Composite FX and no 
Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with Composite FX (Notional Units))]/[(Single Underlying with 
no FX and no Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with no FX (Notional Units))]/[(Single Underlying 
with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[( 
Single Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption)]/[(Single Underlying with 
High Watermark Redemption with Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and no Dividends)]/[(Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX (Notional Units))]/[Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with no FX and no Dividends]/[(Single Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with no FX (Notional Units))]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Basket 
of Underlyings with Quanto FX and no Dividends)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends at 
Redemption)]/[(Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and no Dividends)]/[(Basket of 
Underlyings with no FX and no Dividends)]]/[Discount Product]/[Leverage Product [(Call 
Warrant Product[with Lock-In Feature]/[with High Watermark Redemption])]/[(Put Warrant 
Product)]/[(Call Knock-Out Warrant Product)]/[(Put Knock-Out Warrant Product)]/[(Bullish Mini 
Future 
Product)]/[(Bearish 
Mini 
Future 
Product)]]/[Outperformance 
Product 
with 
Participation]/[Participation Certificate with Airbag feauture]/[Long/Short Product[with no 
Management Fee Deduction]/[with Management Fee Deduction]/[with Outperformance 
Particiaption]]/[Dispersion 
Products]/[Steepener 
Product 
with 
Spread 
(Note 
or 
Certificate)]/[Steepener Product with Accrual Steepener (Warrant)]/[Steepener Product with 
Single Look (Warrant)]/[Flexible Barrier Product]/[Rate Linked Product]] due [] under the 
European 
Issuance 
and 
Offering 
Programme 
[the 
["[Certificates]/[Notes]" 
or 
the] 
"Products"]/[(to be consolidated and to form a single series with the [] Products due [], and 
issued on [][, the [] Products due [], and issued on []] [and the [] Products due [], and 
issued on []] under the European Issuance and Offering Programme (the Tranche [] Products 
[and Tranche [] Products]))] 
[Issue Price: [] [per cent. of the [Issue Size]/[Specified Denomination]/[Notional Amount]]/[per 
Certificate]] 
[ISIN: []] 
[Series: []] 
[Tranche: []]

--- Page 688 ---
688 
 
 
Part A – OPERATIONAL INFORMATION  
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Products may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of 
the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions 
of the Products (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 6 July 2022 [and the 
supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus").  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
Security Codes: 
ISIN: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
WKN Number: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
Swiss Security Number: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
Other Identifier: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
Relevant Clearing System(s) [and the relevant 
identification number(s)]: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
[SIS [– identification number []]] (specify other; give 
name(s), address(es) and identification number(s)) [
] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment

--- Page 689 ---
689 
 
 
Part B – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Provisions relating to the Products 
1. 
(a) 
Series: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Products shall be consolidated and form 
a single series with the Tranche [] Products[, 
the Tranche [] Products] [and the Tranche [] 
Products] but shall not be fungible with the 
Tranche [] Products [, the Tranche [] 
Products] [and the Tranche [] Products] until 
such time as the clearing systems recognise 
the Products to be fungible with the Tranche [
] Products[, the Tranche [] Products] [and the 
Tranche [] Products].] 
2. 
[Settlement 
Currency]/[Investment 
Currency]: 
[] [Investment Currency should only be 
chosen where Dual Currency Products is 
Applicable.]  
 
 
 
3. 
Products: 
[Notes]/[Certificates]/[Having 
the 
form 
of 
Certificates but entitled "Warrants"] 
4. 
Notes: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
(a) 
Issue Size as at the Issue Date: 
[Up to] [] 
(i) 
Tranche: 
[[Up to] []]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Series: 
[[Up to] []]/[Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Specified Denomination: 
[] 
(c) 
Minimum Tradable Lot: 
[] 
5. 
[Warrants]/[Certificates]: 
 
[Insert for Unit Certificates: Number of 
Products]/[Insert for Notional Certificates: 
Issue Size as at the Issue Date]: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 [Up to] [] [Certificates] 
(a) 
Tranche: 
[[Up to] [] [Certificates]]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Series: 
[[Up to] [] [Certificates]]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
[Notional Amount:] 
[](Insert for Notional Certificates, otherwise 
delete) 
(b) 
[Minimum Tradable Lot:] 
[[] Certificate[s]] [Not Applicable] 
6. 
Calculation Amount: 
[] 
7. 
Issue Price: 
[[Up 
to] 
[] 
per 
cent. 
of 
the 
[Issue 
Size]/[Specified 
Denomination]/[Notional 
Amount] [plus accrued interest from []] / [[Up 
to] [] per Certificate [plus accrued interest 
from []]] 
8. 
Issue Date: 
[] 
9. 
Redemption Date: 
[]/[[] Business Days following the [Final 
Fixing Date]/[later of (a) the Final Fixing Date 
and (b) the Settlement FX Fixing Date][(or if 
such date falls on different dates for different

--- Page 690 ---
690 
 
 
Underlyings, the latest of such dates to 
occur)]]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 26 (Tracker 
Products) below] 
10. 
Interest Record Date: 
[[] Business Days prior to [the scheduled 
payment 
date 
for 
the 
relevant 
interest 
amount]/[the first day on which the Product is 
quoted without the entitlement to the payment 
of 
the 
relevant 
interest 
amount]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
11. 
FX Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
please delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
− 
Specified Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
12. 
CNY FX Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
please delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
 
− 
CNY Financial Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Specified Currency: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Unwind Costs: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]  
14. 
Settlement Expenses: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable]  
15. 
US Tax Selling Restriction: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA D]/[Not Applicable] 
16. 
Section 871(m) Withholding Tax: 
[The Issuer has determined (without regard to 
any other transactions) that payments on the 
Products should not be subject to US 
withholding tax under 871(m)] / [The Issuer has 
determined that payments on the Products are 
subject to US withholding tax under section 
871(m)] / [Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to Payouts 
17. 
Partial Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Partial Redemption Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[As specified in the table below] 
 
− 
Partial Redemption Amount(s): 
[In respect of [each Partial Redemption 
Date]/[the Partial Redemption Date scheduled 
to fall on []], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Partial 
Redemption Date)] / 
[As specified in the table below: 
 
Partial 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
Partial 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
[] 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary) (Repeat as necessary) 
] 
18. 
Payout Style: 
[Yield 
Enhancement 
Products]/[Twin 
Win 
Products]/[Fixed 
Redemption 
Products]/[Protection 
Products]/[Bonus

--- Page 691 ---
691 
 
 
Products]/[Reverse 
Convertible 
Product]/[Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products]/[Dual Currency Product]/[Tracker 
Product]/[Discount 
Product]/[Leverage 
Product]/[Outperformance 
Product]/[Long/Short 
Product]/[Dispersion 
Products]/[Steepener Product]/[Flexible Barrier 
Product] /[Rate Linked Product] 
19. 
Yield Enhancement Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Yield Enhancement Product Style: 
[European Barrier]/[European Barrier with 
Return]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Protection]/[European Barrier with Optimal 
Tracker]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Inverse 
Participation]/[European Barrier with Inverse 
Participation 
and 
High 
Strike]/[European 
Barrier 
with 
Increased 
Downside 
Risk]/[American Barrier]/[American Barrier with 
Return]/[American 
Barrier 
with 
Protection]/[American Barrier with Inverse 
Participation]/[American Barrier with Inverse 
Participation 
and 
High 
Strike]/[American 
Barrier with Increased Downside Risk]/[Without 
Barrier]/[Without Barrier (Inverse) with High 
Strike]/[Without 
Barrier 
with 
Downside 
Participation]/[Stability Note]  
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph if Not Applicable)

--- Page 692 ---
692 
 
 
 
[− 
FX Rate (Initial): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [●] [on 
the Initial Fixing Date [of such Underlying]]. 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
[Price Source: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], for the 
purposes of determining the FX Rate, []. 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
FX Rate Valuation Time: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], for the 
purposes of determining the FX Rate, [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)] 
 
(g) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Multiple Coupon Sets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[In respect of "Coupon Payment Date Set []":] 
[], [] and [] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates (the first set 
being 'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment Dates, 
each][Each] date set forth in column entitled 
'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table [for such Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates] below] 
 
(iii) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [] (Repeat as necessary for each Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates)]]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[In respect of Coupon Payment Date Set [
]][Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered Memory Coupon]/[Layered 
Coupon]  
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []], [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]]/[In respect of 
a Coupon Payment Date [in a Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates], [the]/[each] rate specified in 
the column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date [in Coupon Payment 
Date Set []] [each of [], [] and []]/[]]/[In 
respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date [in a Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates], each date specified in the

--- Page 693 ---
693 
 
 
column entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' 
in the row corresponding to such Coupon 
Payment Date in the Coupon Payment Table 
[for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] 
below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(D) 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set [
]] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying and 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
 
(E) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] the Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level on 
the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set [
]], [] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] 
per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of 
the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] 
[of such Underlying]]  
(If the Conditional Coupon Style is specified as 
Layered Memory Coupon or Layered Coupon, 
repeat as necessary for each Coupon Trigger 
Level) 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding to a 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level] as specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level' in the

--- Page 694 ---
694 
 
 
row[s] 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table [for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] 
below] 
 
(iv) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []], []]/[In 
respect of a Coupon Payment Date [falling in a 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates], the amount set 
forth in the column entitled 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the same row as such 
Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table [for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] 
below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table [for Coupon Payment Date Set []]*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon Trigger Level', 
'Coupon Trigger Basket Level' or 'Coupon Rate'. Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates) 
 
(h) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, 
[]]/[In 
respect 
of 
an 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column 
entitled 
'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption 
Table 
below]/[Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon 
Amount]/[High Watermark Autocallable] 
(Delete the two sub-paragraphs immediately 
below unless 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is 
specified) 
 
[− 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, 
[]]/[In 
respect 
of 
an 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column entitled 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
− 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, 
[]]/[In 
respect 
of 
an 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the

--- Page 695 ---
695 
 
 
column entitled 'Autocall Coupon Amount(s)' in 
the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Redemption Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below]] 
(Delete the below sub-paragraph unless 'High Watermark Autocallable' is specified) 
[− 
Minimum 
Early 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation 
Period], the date set forth in column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying [each of [
], [] and []]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Table 
below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [Each of the 
following: [From, [and including]/[but excluding] 
[] to, [and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Autocall 
Observation Period)]/[Each period specified in 
the column entitled 'Autocall Observation 
Period(s)' in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] the Autocall Trigger Level [on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date]/[in respect 
of any Autocall Period Observation Date falling 
in the relevant Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all Underlyings [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level [on 
the relevant Autocall Observation Date]/[in 
respect of any Common Autocall Period 
Observation Date falling in the relevant 
Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Period Observation Date] and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference

--- Page 696 ---
696 
 
 
Rate] 
on 
such 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Period Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vii) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each [Autocall Observation Date]/[Autocall 
Observation Period], [] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [Strike Level/Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of such Underlying]]/[In respect 
of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and an [Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation 
Period], 
the 
percentage 
of 
the 
[Strike 
Level]/[Initial Fixing [Basket] Level] as specified 
in the column entitled 'Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level' in the row corresponding to such 
[Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation Period]] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation [Date]/[Period](s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption Amount', 'Autocall 
Trigger Basket Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall Coupon Amount') 
 
(i) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement 
Products: 
[Barrier 
Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of [the Underlying[s]]/[at least 
one Underlying] [excluding the Target One 
Underlying]] is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] [the]/[its]/[its respective] Barrier 
[Basket] Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
[for such Underlying] falling in the Barrier 
Observation 
Period]]/[Multichance 
Barrier 
Event]  
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: [Final Fixing [Basket] 
Level of [the Underlying[s]]/[at least one 
Underlying 
[excluding 
the 
Target 
One 
Underlying]] is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] [the]/[its]/[its respective] Barrier 
[Basket] Level] [and none of the Underlyings 
are [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] 
its 
respective 
Target 
Level]]/[Multichance 
Barrier Event] 
[Insert for Yield Enhancement Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: Stability Performance Level is 
[below]/[at or below] the Stability Disruption 
Barrier Percentage on any Barrier Observation 
Date falling in the Barrier Observation Period 
 
(Delete the remaining two sub-paragraphs of this paragraph unless Barrier Event is specified 
as 'Multichance Barrier Event')

--- Page 697 ---
697 
 
 
 
[− 
Multichance Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: [In respect of any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period, the Barrier Fixing Level of 
a number of Underlyings at least equal to the 
Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Barrier Levels]/[If the number of Underlyings in 
respect of which the Barrier Fixing Level on any 
Barrier Observation Date in the Barrier 
Observation Period has been [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respect 
Barrier Levels is at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings]]  
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: Final Fixing Level of a 
number of Underlyings at least equal to the 
Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings 
are 
[[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Barrier Levels] 
 
− 
Specified 
Multichance Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings: 
[Insert a number greater than 1 and less than 
the total number of Underlyings in the basket]] 
 
(Delete the remaining three sub-paragraphs of this paragraph for European Barrier Yield 
Enhancement Products or Yield Enhancement Without Barrier Products) 
 
[− 
Barrier 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange 
Rate Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange 
Trading Day]/[Reference Market Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period  
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(ii) 
[Barrier 
[Basket] 
Level]/[Insert for Stability 
Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: 
Stability 
Disruption 
Barrier 
Percentage]: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of such Underlying] 
[Insert for Yield Enhancement Without Barrier 
Products: Not Applicable]

--- Page 698 ---
698 
 
 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: [Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to 
a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of 
[] per cent.]] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level, Barrier Basket Level, Coupon Trigger 
Basket Level, Final Performance, Strike Basket 
Level or Twin Win Event) 
 
(iv) 
Target Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products or Yield Enhancement 
Without Barrier Products that are linked to a 
single Underlying: Final Fixing Level is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
[Strike Barrier Level]] 
[Insert 
for 
American 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products or Yield Enhancement 
Without Barrier Products that are linked to a 
basket of Underlyings: Final Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of the [Worst] [Best] Performing 
Underlying] 
[excluding 
the 
Target 
One 
Underlying] is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] [the]/[its respective] Strike Barrier 
[Basket] Level] 
[Insert 
for 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products: Not Applicable – 
Products 
are 
European 
Barrier 
Yield 
Enhancement Products] 
[Insert for Stability Note Yield Enhancement 
Products: Not Applicable – Products are 
Stability Note Yield Enhancement Products] 
 
[− 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Underlying]/[the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Underlying]/[the Strike 
Level of such Underlying]] 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[The Initial Fixing 
Basket Level]/[The Strike Basket Level]] 
(If not required for definition of Strike Event 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing [Basket] 
Level 
divided 
by 
the 
Strike 
[Basket] 
Level]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best]) 
divided 
by 
the 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level

--- Page 699 ---
699 
 
 
([Worst]/[Best])]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Strike Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]  
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Final Return: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: (Final Fixing Level – Strike 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst)]/[(Initial Fixing Level (Best) – Strike 
Level (Best))/Initial Fixing Level (Best)] 
[Insert for Products other than European 
Barrier with Return, American Barrier with 
Return and Without Barrier with Downside 
Participation: Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Strike [Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of such Underlying]]] / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Lock-In Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] the Lock-In Barrier Level on the 
relevant Lock-In Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [A Common Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date. Where "Common Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In 
Observation Date.]/[A Single Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of each Underlying]. Where 
"Single Lock-In Event" means the Lock-In 
Fixing Level of an Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level 
on 
any 
Lock-In 
Observation Date.] 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [], 
[] and [] 
 
− 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement

--- Page 700 ---
700 
 
 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Lock-In Observation Date, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying] 
 
(x) 
Target 
One 
Event 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Target 
One 
Underlying: 
[Insert name of Underlying]/[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Target One Event: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Target One 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] the Target One Barrier Level] 
[Final Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] its 
respective Target One Barrier Level] 
[Target One Fixing Level of the Target One 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] the Target One Barrier Level] 
[Target One Fixing Level of at least one 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] its respective Target One Barrier 
Level] 
 
 
(Delete following 3 sub-paragraphs if Not 
Applicable or if not required for the definition of 
Target One Event) 
 
[− 
Target One Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Target One Barrier 
Observation Date and [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Target One Barrier Observation 
Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Target One Barrier 
Observation Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange 
Rate Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange 
Trading Day]/[Reference Market Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Target One 
Barrier Observation Period  
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Target One Barrier 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []]

--- Page 701 ---
701 
 
 
 
− 
Target One Barrier 
Level: 
In 
respect 
of 
[the 
Target 
One 
Underlying]/[Insert the name of the relevant 
Underlying]/[each Underlying], [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level of such Target One Underlying] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(xi) 
Participation Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Protection Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Downside Participation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Always Applicable for European Barrier with 
Return, American Barrier with Return and 
Without Barrier with Downside Participation 
and an option for European Barrier with Inverse 
Participation) 
(If Not Applicable delete the below sub-
paragraph) 
 
− 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(xiv) 
Final 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [[] per cent.]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Only Applicable for European Barrier with 
Increased Downside Risk, European Barrier 
with Return and American Barrier with 
Increased Downside Risk) 
 
(xv) 
Target Level: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Optimal 
Tracker 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [], 
[] and []/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Inverse Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not 
Applicable]  
 
(xviii) 
Strike Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
 
− 
Cap Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
X: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 702 ---
702 
 
 
 
(xxi) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of [] 
[and a maximum of []]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Y: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(j) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying]/[The Best Performing 
Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified 
to 
be 
'Specified 
Amount' 
or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Final Terms) 
 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement Initial 
Level delete this sub-paragraph and the 
following sub-paragraphs as required for the 
definition of Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and []

--- Page 703 ---
703 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but 
not all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect 
of [Insert each Underlying that is denominated 
in the Settlement Currency: [], [] and [] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).] 
 
 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
applicable 
if 
the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Final Terms or if the currency of denomination 
of the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' or 'Best Performing 
Underlying' and at least one underlying is 
denominated in a currency other than the 
Settlement 
Currency, 
this 
should 
be 
'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
− 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement 
FX Rate, []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement 
FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
20. 
Twin Win Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Twin Win Product Style: 
[European Barrier (Bullish)]/[European Barrier 
(Bearish)]/[American 
Barrier 
(Bullish)]/[American Barrier (Bearish)] 
 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement [or Cash Settlement]] 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant

--- Page 704 ---
704 
 
 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
[per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [] per cent.][, subject to a minimum of [
] per cent. [and a maximum of [] per 
cent.]]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, 
the rate specified in the column entitled 
'Coupon Rate' in the row corresponding to such 
Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
 
(C) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(D) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date [each of [], [] and [
]]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(E) 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] the Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all 
Underlyings] 
[is]/[are] 
[below]/[at 
or

--- Page 705 ---
705 
 
 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level on 
the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
(G) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each Coupon Observation Date, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level as specified in 
the column entitled 'Coupon Trigger [Basket] 
Level' in the rows corresponding to such 
Coupon Observation Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
 
(B) 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, []]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment 
Date, the amount set forth in the column 
entitled 
'Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount(s)' in the same row as such Coupon 
Payment Date in the Coupon Payment Table 
below] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon Trigger Level', 
"Coupon Trigger Basket Level" or 'Coupon Rate') 
 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, 
[]]/[In 
respect 
of 
an 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column 
entitled 
'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption 
Table 
below]/[Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon 
Amount] (Delete remaining sub-paragraphs 
unless 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount 
plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is specified) 
 
− 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each]Autocall Redemption 
Date, 
[]]/[In 
respect 
of 
an 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column entitled 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below]

--- Page 706 ---
706 
 
 
 
− 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, 
[]]/[In 
respect 
of 
an 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Coupon Amount(s)' in 
the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Redemption Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying, []/[each of 
[], [] and []]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] the Autocall Trigger Level on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all 
Underlyings] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level on 
the relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each Autocall Observation Date, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of such Underlying]]/[In respect 
of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and an Autocall 
Observation Date, the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level as specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
 
[] 
[]

--- Page 707 ---
707 
 
 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Trigger Basket Level', 'Autocall 
Redemption Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall Coupon Amount') 
 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if American Barrier Twin Win Products: 
Barrier 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
[the 
Underlying[s]]/[at least one Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[its]/[its respective] Barrier [Basket] Level 
on any Barrier Observation Date [for such 
Underlying] falling in the Barrier Observation 
Period] 
[Insert if European Barrier Twin Win Products:  
Final 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
[the 
Underlying[s]]/[at least one Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] 
[the]/[its respective] Barrier [Basket] Level] (If 
Product is a European Barrier Twin Win 
Product delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Barrier 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange 
Rate Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange 
Trading Day]/[Reference Market Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of such Underlying] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level 
is 
required 
for 
Autocall 
Basket 
Performance, Autocall Trigger Basket Level, 
Barrier Basket Level, Coupon Trigger Basket 
Level, Final Performance, Strike Basket Level 
or Strike Barrier Basket Level)

--- Page 708 ---
708 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Twin Win Event: 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [below]/[at or 
below] the Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of [at 
least one Underlying]/[the Underlyings]/[the 
[Worst]/[Best] 
Performing 
Underlying]] 
is 
[below]/[at or below] [the]/[its respective] Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level] 
 
− 
Twin 
Win 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(v) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing [Basket] 
Level 
divided 
by 
the 
Strike 
[Basket] 
Level]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best]) 
divided 
by 
the 
Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best])]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
([Worst]/[Best]) divided by the Strike Level 
([Worst]/[Best])] 
 
[− 
Strike 
[Basket] 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of such Underlying]] (If 
not required for definition of Final Performance 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
(vi) 
Inverse Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for all Products other than 
European Barrier (Bearish) and American 
Barrier (Bearish)) 
 
(vii) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Cap Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
 
(viii) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Floor Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
 
(i) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying]/[The Best Performing 
Underlying] 
 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 709 ---
709 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified 
to 
be 
'Specified 
Amount' 
or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Final Terms) 
 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement Initial 
Level delete this and the following sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but 
not all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect 
of [Insert each Underlying that is denominated 
in the Settlement Currency: [], [] and [] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).] 
 
 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
applicable 
if 
the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Final Terms or if the currency of denomination

--- Page 710 ---
710 
 
 
of the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' or 'Best Performing 
Underlying' and at least one underlying is 
denominated in a currency other than the 
Settlement 
Currency, 
this 
should 
be 
'Applicable') 
 
 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
 
− 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement 
FX Rate, []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement 
FX Rate, []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
21. 
Fixed Redemption Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(c) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [
] per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]]/[In 
respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the rate 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon Rate' 
in the row corresponding to such Coupon 
Payment Date in the Coupon Payment Table 
below]

--- Page 711 ---
711 
 
 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
(iv) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date []/[each of [], [] and 
[]]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(vi) 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Coupon 
Trigger 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Coupon 
Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
(vii) 
Coupon Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Coupon Observation Date, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]] 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Trigger Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 712 ---
712 
 
 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [each]/[the] Autocall Redemption 
Date, 
[]]/[In 
respect 
of 
an 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column 
entitled 
'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying, []/[each of 
[], [] and []]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the 
Autocall Redemption Table below] 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]]/[In respect of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying 
and 
an 
Autocall 
Observation Date, the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level as specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall 
Trigger 
Level' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate)

--- Page 713 ---
713 
 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level' or 'Autocall Redemption Amount') 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
(i) 
Protection Percentage: 
[] per cent. 
22. 
Protection Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Protection Product Style: 
[Protection with Barrier]/[Protection with Twin 
Win]/[Protection with Twin Win and Low 
Strike]/[Protection with Barrier and Strike 
Event]/[Protection with Barrier and Upside 
Participation]/[Protection without Barrier] 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish]/[Absolute] 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
– 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying – as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
– 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying – as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
[per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
(ii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [
] per cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]]/[In 
respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the rate 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon Rate' 
in the row corresponding to such Coupon 
Payment Date in the Coupon Payment Table 
below] 
(iii) 
Coupon Payment Dates: 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
(iv) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date each of [], [] and [
]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and

--- Page 714 ---
714 
 
 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(vi) 
Coupon Trigger Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish: Coupon Fixing Level of the Underlying 
is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: Coupon Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Coupon Trigger Level on the relevant Coupon 
Observation Date] 
(vii) 
Coupon Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Coupon Observation Date, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Trigger Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Trigger Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, 
[]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall

--- Page 715 ---
715 
 
 
Redemption Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [], 
[] and []]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
each date specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying and Product Direction is Bearish or 
Bullish: Autocall Fixing Level of the Underlying 
is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: Autocall Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings 
are 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] their respective 
Autocall Trigger Level on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date] 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]]/[In respect of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying 
and 
an 
Autocall 
Observation Date, the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level as specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall 
Trigger 
Level' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date(s) 
[] 
(insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level' or 'Autocall Redemption Amount') 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable

--- Page 716 ---
716 
 
 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if Product is linked to a single Underlying 
and Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Barrier Level]/[Barrier Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at 
or below] the Barrier Level on any Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period]] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a single Underlying 
and Product Direction is Absolute: [Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is [[above]/[at or above] 
the Upper Barrier Level] or [[below]/[at or 
below] the Lower Barrier Level]]] / [Barrier 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [[above]/[at or 
above] the Upper Barrier Level] or [[below]/[at 
or below] the Lower Barrier Level]] on any 
Barrier Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is Bearish 
or Bullish: [Final Fixing Basket Level is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Barrier Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Level of the 
Worst Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above] its respective Barrier Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level of the Best Performing Underlying 
is [below]/[at or below] its respective Barrier 
Level]/[Barrier 
Fixing 
Basket 
Level 
is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Barrier 
Basket 
Level 
on 
any 
Barrier 
Observation Date falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period]/[Barrier Fixing Level of at 
least 
one 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its respective 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
falling in the Barrier Observation Period] 
[Insert if Product is linked to a basket of 
Underlyings and Product Direction is Absolute: 
[Final Fixing Basket Level of the [Worst]/[Best] 
Performing Underlying is [[above]/[at or above] 
the Upper Barrier Basket Level] or [[below]/[at 
or below] the Lower Barrier Basket Level]] / 
[Barrier Fixing Basket Level is [[above]/[at or 
above] the Upper Barrier Basket Level] or 
[[below]/[at or below] the Lower Barrier Basket 
Level] on any Barrier Observation Date falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period] / [Barrier 
Fixing Level of at least one Underlying is 
[[above]/[at or above] its respective Upper 
Barrier Level] or [[below]/[at or below] its 
respective Lower Barrier Level]] on any Barrier 
Observation Date for such Underlying falling in 
the Barrier Observation Period] 
[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs if Not 
Applicable or if not required for the definition of 
Barrier Event)

--- Page 717 ---
717 
 
 
− 
Barrier Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of such Underlying]] 
[Insert for Protection Without Barrier Products: 
Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Lower Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]]  
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish 
and for Protection Without Barrier Products: 
Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Upper Barrier Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]]  
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish 
and for Protection Without Barrier Products: 
Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the 
definition of Barrier Event, a Twin Win Event, a 
Strike Event or for the definition of Final 
Performance) 
(vi) 
Strike Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a maximum of [] per 
cent. [and a minimum of [] per cent.]]]/[Not 
Applicable] (Only applicable if required for 
Products linked to a weighted basket) 
(vii) 
Protection Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a maximum of [] per 
cent. [and a minimum of [] per cent.] 
(viii) 
Participation Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable for Protection with Twin Win 
Products) 
(ix) 
Final Return: 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' or 
'Absolute' and Product is linked to a single 
Underlying: [(Final Fixing Level – Initial Fixing 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing Level –

--- Page 718 ---
718 
 
 
Strike Level)/Initial Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing 
Level – Strike Level)/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst))/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst) 
– 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst) 
– 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final Basket 
Return]/[Final Basket Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Absolute' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst))/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst) 
– 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst) 
– 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Strike Level (Worst)]/[(Final Fixing 
Level (Best) – Initial Fixing Level (Best))/Initial 
Fixing Level (Best)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Best) 
– Strike Level (Best))/Initial Fixing Level 
(Best)]/[(Final Fixing Level (Best) – Strike Level 
(Best))/Strike 
Level 
(Best)]/[Final 
Basket 
Return]/[Final Basket Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: [IP 
– (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing Level 
(Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike 
Level 
(Best))]/[Bearish 
Final 
Basket 
Return]/[Bearish Final Basket Return (Strike)]] 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win and Low 
Strike Products: Not Applicable] 
[− 
Inverse 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
(If not required for definition of Final Return 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation

--- Page 719 ---
719 
 
 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Final Return 
delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
[− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
[− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
[− 
Final Return Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[− 
Final Return Cap 
Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(x) 
Twin Win Event: 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win Product 
that is linked to a single Underlying: Final Fixing 
Level is [above]/[at or above] Initial Fixing 
Level] 
[Insert for Protection with Twin Win Product 
that is linked to a basket of Underlyings: [Final 
Fixing Basket Level is [above]/[at or above] 
Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Level 
of the Worst Performing Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] its respective Initial Fixing 
Level]/[ Final Fixing Level of the Best 
Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or above] 
its respective Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert unless Product is a Protection with Twin 
Win Product: Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Inverse 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
(xi) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish 
and for Products linked to a single Underlying: 
Final 
Fixing 
Level 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its Strike Barrier 
Level] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Bearish or Bullish 
for Products linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[Final Fixing Basket Level is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Strike Barrier

--- Page 720 ---
720 
 
 
Basket 
Level]/[Final 
Basket 
Return 
is 
[above]/[at or above]/[below]/[at or below] the 
Strike Barrier Amount]/[Final Fixing Level of the 
[Worst Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above] 
its 
Strike 
Barrier 
Level]/[Best 
Performing Underlying is [below]/[at or below] 
its Strike Barrier Level]] 
[Insert for all Products other than 'Protection 
with Barrier and Strike Event' and 'Protection 
without Barrier': Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
− 
Strike 
Barrier 
[[Basket] 
Level]/[Amount]: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [[] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level of such Underlying] 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Basket Level] 
[[][, subject to a minimum of [][and a 
maximum of []]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is Absolute: Not 
Applicable] 
(xii) 
Rebate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Rebate 
Coupon 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
(xiii) 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Cap Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
(xiv) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Floor Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
23. 
Bonus Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Bonus Product Style: 
[European Barrier]/[European Barrier with 
Upside Participation]/[European Barrier with 
Downside Participation]/[European Barrier with 
Bonus Cap]/[American Barrier with Upside 
Participation 
and 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation]/[American Barrier with Upside 
Participation]/[American Barrier with Upside 
Participation 
and 
Downside 
Participation]/[American Barrier with Bonus 
Cap]/[American Barrier with Upside Cap and 
Downside Cap]

--- Page 721 ---
721 
 
 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish] 
(c) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(e) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(f) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
[per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(g) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Multiple Coupon Sets: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[In respect of "Coupon Payment Date Set []":] 
[], [] and [] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates (the first set 
being 'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment Dates, 
each][Each] date set forth in column entitled 
'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table [for such Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates] below] 
(iii) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set [] (Repeat as necessary for each Set 
of Coupon Payment Dates)]]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[In respect of Coupon Payment Date Set [
]][Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon]/[Layered Memory Coupon]/[Layered 
Coupon] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(B) 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]]/[In respect of 
a Coupon Payment Date [in a Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates], [the]/[each] rate specified in

--- Page 722 ---
722 
 
 
the column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table [for such Set of 
Coupon Payment Dates] below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(C) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date [in Coupon Payment 
Date Set []] [each of [], [] and []]/[]]/[In 
respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date [in a Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates], each date specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Observation Date(s)' 
in the row corresponding to such Coupon 
Payment Date in the Coupon Payment Table 
[for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] 
below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(D) 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set [
]] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity 
Reference 
Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying and 
each Set of Coupon Payment Dates) 
(E) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] the Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
 
 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [In respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []:] Coupon Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all 
Underlyings] 
[are]/[is] 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[the]/[their 
respective] Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level on 
the relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(F) 
Coupon 
Trigger 
[Basket] Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set [
]] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
[[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level] of such 
Underlying]/[Initial Fixing Basket Level]

--- Page 723 ---
723 
 
 
(If the Conditional Coupon Style is specified as 
Layered Memory Coupon or Layered Coupon, 
repeat as necessary for each Coupon Trigger 
Level) 
(Repeat as necessary for Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
 
 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and a 
Coupon Observation Date [corresponding to a 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates], [the]/[each] 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
[Basket]] Level as specified in the column 
entitled 'Coupon Trigger [Basket] Level' in the 
row[s] 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table [for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] 
below] 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Coupon Trigger 
Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(If Strike Level is not required delete this sub-
paragraph)

--- Page 724 ---
724 
 
 
(iv) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable [in respect of Coupon Payment 
Date Set []]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date [in Coupon Payment Date Set []], []]/[In 
respect of a Coupon Payment Date [falling in a 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates], the amount set 
forth in the column entitled 'Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount(s)' in the same row as such 
Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table [for such Set of Coupon Payment Dates] 
below] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon 
Payment Dates) 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table [for Coupon Payment Date Set []]*] 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
(*insert, if required, additional columns: 'Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon Trigger Level', 
'Coupon Trigger Basket Level' or 'Coupon Rate'. Repeat as necessary for each Set of Coupon Payment 
Dates) 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert for American Barrier Bonus Products: 
[Barrier Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Barrier Level on any Barrier Observation Date 
in the Barrier Observation Period]/[Barrier 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of at least one 
Underlying] is [below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at 
or above] [its respective]/[the] Barrier [Basket] 
Level on any Barrier Observation Date in the 
Barrier Observation Period] 
[Insert for European Barrier Bonus Products: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Barrier Level]/[Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of at 
least 
one 
Underlying] 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
[its 
respective]/[the] Barrier [Basket] Level]] (If 
Products are European Barrier Bonus Products 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[− 
Barrier 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen

--- Page 725 ---
725 
 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange 
Rate Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange 
Trading Day]/[Reference Market Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level] 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the 
definition of Barrier Basket Level, Bonus 
Basket Level, Final Performance) 
(iv) 
Bonus Event: 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] the Bonus Level] 
[Insert if the Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings unless the Bonus Product Style is 
European Barrier with Bonus Cap or American 
Barrier with Bonus Cap: [Final Fixing Level of 
the [Worst Performing Underlying is [above]/[at 
or above]]/[Best Performing Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] its respective Bonus 
Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] the Bonus 
Basket Level]] 
[Insert if the Bonus Product Style is European 
Barrier with Bonus Cap or American Barrier 
with Bonus Cap: Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
[− 
Bonus 
[Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of such Underlying]] 
(v) 
Bonus Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Strike

--- Page 726 ---
726 
 
 
Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Initial Fixing Level (Best)]/[Final Fixing 
Level (Best)/Strike Level (Best)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
– (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing 
Basket Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best)]/[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Strike 
Level (Best)]] 
[Insert for all Products other than [American 
Barrier with Upside Participation and Normal 
Performance Participation], American Barrier 
with Upside Participation and Downside 
Participation or American Barrier with Upside 
Cap and Downside Cap: Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Final 
Performance 
(Downside): 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Strike 
Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
– (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing 
Basket Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]] 
(viii) 
Final 
Performance 
(Upside): 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing Level 
(Best)]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Strike Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial Fixing

--- Page 727 ---
727 
 
 
Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike 
Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
– (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Level/Strike Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[IP – (Final Fixing 
Basket Level/Initial Fixing Basket Level)]/[IP – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Strike Basket 
Level)]] 
[Insert for European Barrier with Bonus Cap 
and American Barrier with Bonus Cap: Not 
Applicable] 
[− 
Inverse 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph if not required for 
the definition of Final Performance, Final 
Performance (Downside) or Final Performance 
(Upside)) 
(ix) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
[− 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
(x) 
Outperformance 
Upside 
Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
[− 
Outperformance 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
(xi) 
Normal 
Performance 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
[− 
Normal 
Performance 
Upside 
Cap 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
(xii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
European Barrier with Upside Participation, 
American Barrier with Upside Participation, 
American Barrier with Upside Participation and 
Downside Participation or American Barrier 
with Bonus Cap)

--- Page 728 ---
728 
 
 
(xiii) 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
European Barrier with Downside Participation 
or American Barrier with Upside Participation 
and Downside Participation) 
(xiv) 
Outperformance 
Participation Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
American Barrier with Upside Participation) 
(xv) 
Normal 
Performance 
Participation Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
American Barrier with Upside Participation or 
American Barrier with Upside Participation and 
Downside Participation) 
(xvi) 
Cap Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Bonus Product Style is 
American Barrier with Upside Cap and 
Downside Cap) 
(i) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying] 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified 
to 
be 
'Specified 
Amount' 
or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Final Terms) 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average

--- Page 729 ---
729 
 
 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement Initial 
Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but 
not all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect 
of [Insert each Underlying that is denominated 
in the Settlement Currency: [], [] and [] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
applicable 
if 
the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Final Terms or if the currency of denomination 
of the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' and at least one 
underlying is denominated in a currency other 
than the Settlement Currency, this should be 
'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
[− 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement 
FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] (Not applicable if the Conversion 
Ratio is a specified number in the Final Terms) 
24. 
Reverse Convertible Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 730 ---
730 
 
 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reverse Convertible Product Style: 
[Single 
Underlying]/[Basket 
of 
Underlyings][Spread Underlying] 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings or for a 
Spread Underlying) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings or for a 
Spread Underlying) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(e) 
Coupon Provisions: 
Applicable 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[Coupon 
Accrual]/[Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount] 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
(iii) 
Coupon Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Coupon Accrual. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[− 
Coupon Rate: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] per 
annum 
− 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
− 
Coupon Period: 
As specified in the definition of Coupon Period 
in 
Payout 
Condition 
6.2 
- 
[Adjusted]/[Unadjusted]

--- Page 731 ---
731 
 
 
(iv) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is Fixed Unconditional Coupon 
Amount. If Not Applicable delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[− 
Fixed Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of each Coupon Payment Date, [
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount set forth in column entitled 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in the same 
row as such Coupon Payment Date in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount(s) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
(f) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, 
[]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Redemption Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [], 
[] and []]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
each date specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Autocall Trigger Level on the 
relevant Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a Spread 
Underlying: Spread of the Spread Underlying in 
respect of the relevant Autocall Observation 
Date is [above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger Level in respect of the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date] 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share]

--- Page 732 ---
732 
 
 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]]/[In respect of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying 
and 
an 
Autocall 
Observation Date, the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing Level as specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall 
Trigger 
Level' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date] 
[In respect of the Spread Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [Indicatively, ][][, 
subject to a minimum of [] [and a maximum of 
[]]]/[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Spread Level]]/[In 
respect of the Spread Underlying and an 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date, 
the 
[amount]/[percentage of the Initial Spread 
Level] as specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall trigger Level' in the row corresponding 
to such Autocall Observation Date] 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption Amount') 
(g) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
(i) 
Redemption Determination 
Style: 
[Par 
Redemption 
– 
At 
or 
Above 
OR 
Performance 
Redemption 
– 
Below]/[Par 
Redemption 
- 
Above 
OR 
Performance 
Redemption – At or Below] 
(ii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen

--- Page 733 ---
733 
 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
[Not Applicable] 
− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(h) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying] 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified 
to 
be 
'Specified 
Amount' 
or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Final Terms) 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent. of the Initial Fixing Level [of such 
Underlying]]]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation

--- Page 734 ---
734 
 
 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement Initial 
Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but 
not all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect 
of [Insert each Underlying that is denominated 
in the Settlement Currency: [], [] and [] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
applicable 
if 
the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Final Terms or if the currency of denomination 
of the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' and at least one 
underlying is denominated in a currency other 
than the Settlement Currency, this should be 
'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
− 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement 
FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement 
FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(i) 
Spread Underlying Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
(i) 
Initial Spread Level: 
[] 
(ii) 
Underlying 1: 
[]

--- Page 735 ---
735 
 
 
(iii) 
Underlying 2: 
[] 
(iv) 
Underlying Level: 
In respect of [an Autocall Observation Date] 
[or] [a Final Fixing Date] and an Underlying 1 
or Underlying 2: 
[the Underlying Fixing Level of such Underlying 
on such [Autocall Observation Date] [or] [Final 
Fixing Date]]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each date) 
(v) 
Strike Spread Level: 
[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of [] 
[and a maximum of []]]/ [] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Spread Level]] 
(vi) 
Strike Spread Denominator: 
[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of [] 
[and a maximum of []]]/[] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Spread Level]] 
25. 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products Style: 
[European 
Barrier]/[American 
Barrier]/[European 
Barrier 
and 
Participation]/[American 
Barrier 
and 
Participation]/[Leverage Downside] 
(b) 
Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date)

--- Page 736 ---
736 
 
 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
[per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(f) 
Coupon Provisions: 
Applicable 
(i) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[Each date set forth in column 
entitled 'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the 
Coupon Payment Table below] 
(ii) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Style: 
[Fixed Unconditional Coupon Accrual]/[Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount] 
(iii) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Accrual. 
If 
Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[− 
Coupon Rate: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] [per 
annum] 
− 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
− 
Coupon Period: 
As specified in the definition of Coupon Period 
in 
Payout 
Condition 
7.2 
- 
[Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
(iv) 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Fixed Unconditional Coupon Style is Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon 
Amount. 
If 
Not 
Applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraph 
of this paragraph) 
[− 
Specified 
Fixed 
Unconditional 
Coupon Amount: 
[In respect of each Coupon Payment Date, [
]]/[In respect of a Coupon Payment Date, the 
amount set forth in column entitled 'Fixed 
Unconditional Coupon Amount(s)' in the same 
row as such Coupon Payment Date in the 
Coupon Payment Table below]] 
(v) 
Conditional 
Coupon 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph)

--- Page 737 ---
737 
 
 
− 
Conditional Coupon 
Style: 
[Specified 
Conditional 
Coupon]/[Memory 
Coupon] 
− 
Coupon Rate: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Coupon Payment 
Date, [] per cent. [per annum]]/[In respect of a 
Coupon Payment Date, each rate specified in 
the column entitled 'Coupon Rate' in the row 
corresponding to such Coupon Payment Date 
in the Coupon Payment Table below] 
− 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment Date, [each of [], [] and [
]][]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
− 
Coupon 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Coupon Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Coupon 
Trigger 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Coupon 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Coupon Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Coupon Trigger Level on the 
relevant Coupon Observation Date] 
− 
Coupon 
Trigger 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Coupon Observation Date, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and a 
Coupon Observation Date, the percentage of 
the Initial Fixing Level as specified in the 
column entitled 'Coupon Trigger Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Coupon 
Observation Date in the Coupon Payment 
Table below] 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
Coupon Observation Date(s) 
Coupon Payment Date(s) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate)

--- Page 738 ---
738 
 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Specified Fixed Unconditional Coupon Amount', 'Coupon Trigger 
Level' or 'Coupon Rate') 
(g) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, 
[]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Redemption Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table 
below]/[Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount 
plus 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount]/[Autocall 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Percentage: Applicable]] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs unless 
'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount plus 
Autocall Coupon Amount is specified') 
− 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, 
[]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column 
entitled 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount(s)' 
in the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Redemption Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
− 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of each Autocall Redemption Date, 
[]]/[In respect of an Autocall Redemption 
Date, the amount specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Coupon Amount(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Redemption 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an Autocall 
Observation Date, the date set forth in column 
entitled 'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below] 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [], 
[] and []]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
each date specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
(iv) 
Autocall Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Autocall Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Autocall Fixing [Basket] Level [of 
all Underlyings] [are]/[is] [above]/[at or above] 
[their respective]/[the] Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level on the relevant Autocall Observation 
Date] 
(v) 
Autocall Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Autocall Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share]

--- Page 739 ---
739 
 
 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Autocall Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(vi) 
Autocall Trigger [Basket] 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Autocall Observation Date, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
[Basket] Level [of such Underlying]]/[In respect 
of [the]/[each] Underlying and an Autocall 
Observation Date, the percentage of the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level as specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Trigger [Basket] Level' in the 
row 
corresponding 
to 
such 
Autocall 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
Autocall Observation Date(s) 
Autocall Redemption Date(s) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption Amount', 'Fixed 
Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall Coupon Amount') 
(h) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
(i) 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'American Barrier' or 'American Barrier 
and Participation' or 'Leverage Downside': 
Barrier 
Fixing 
[Basket] 
Level 
[of 
[the 
Underlying]/[at least 
one Underlying]] is 
[below]/[at or below] [the]/[its respective] 
Barrier 
[Basket] 
Level 
on 
any 
Barrier 
Observation Date [for such Underlying] falling 
in the Barrier Observation Period]/[Multichance 
Barrier Event]  
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'European Barrier': or 'European 
Barrier and Participation' Final Fixing [Basket] 
Level [of [the Underlying]/[at least one 
Underlying]] is [below]/[at or below] [the]/[its 
respective] 
Barrier 
[Basket] 
Level]/[Multichance Barrier Event]  
(Delete the following two sub-paragraphs of this paragraph unless Barrier Event is specified as 
'Multichance Barrier Event') 
[− 
Multichance Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert 
for 
Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products with American Barrier: [In respect of 
any Barrier Observation Date falling in the 
Barrier Observation Period, the Barrier Fixing 
Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal 
to the Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings are [below]/[at or below] their 
respective Barrier Levels]/[If the number of 
Underlyings in respect of which the Barrier 
Fixing Level on any Barrier Observation Date

--- Page 740 ---
740 
 
 
in the Barrier Observation Period has been 
[below]/[at or below] their respect Barrier 
Levels is at least equal to the Specified 
Multichance Barrier Number of Underlyings]] 
[Insert 
for 
Barrier 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Products with European Barrier: Final Fixing 
Level of a number of Underlyings at least equal 
to the Specified Multichance Barrier Number of 
Underlyings are below]/[at or below] their 
respective Barrier Levels] 
− 
Specified 
Multichance Barrier 
Number 
of 
Underlyings: 
[Insert a number greater than 1 and less than 
the total number of Underlyings in the basket]] 
 
 
(If Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style 
is 'European Barrier' or 'European Barrier and 
Participation' 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[− 
Barrier 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Barrier Observation Date and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Barrier Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
each 
[Exchange Business Day]/[Currency Exchange 
Rate Business Day]/[Trading Day]/[Exchange 
Trading Day]/[Reference Market Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the Barrier 
Observation Period 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Barrier Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
(ii) 
Barrier [Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of such Underlying] 
(iii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for the 
definition of Autocall Trigger Basket Level, 
Barrier Basket Level, Final Performance or 
Strike Barrier Basket Level) 
(iv) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'American Barrier' or 'American Barrier 
and Participation' or 'Leverage Downside' and 
the Products are linked to a single Underlying:

--- Page 741 ---
741 
 
 
Final Fixing Level is [below]/[at or below] the 
Strike Barrier Level] 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'American Barrier' or 'American Barrier 
and Participation' or 'Leverage Downside' and 
the Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: Final Fixing [Basket] Level [of the 
Worst Performing Underlying] is [below]/[at or 
below] [its]/[the] Strike Barrier [Basket] Level] 
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'European Barrier': Not Applicable - 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
European Barrier]  
[Insert if Barrier Reverse Convertible Products 
Style is 'European Barrier and Participation': 
Not Applicable - Barrier Reverse Convertible 
Products Style is European Barrier and 
Participation] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable delete the following sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[− 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Basket] Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level [of such Underlying]] 
(v) 
Final Performance: 
[Final Fixing [Basket] Level divided by the Initial 
Fixing [Basket] Level]/[Final Fixing Level 
divided 
by 
the 
Strike 
Level]/[Underlying 
Performance (Long) – Underlying Performance 
(Short)/[Final 
Return]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst) divided by the Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst) divided by 
the Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final Return (Worst)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Strike Level is not required delete the 
following sub-paragraphs as required for the 
definition of Final Performance) 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]]

--- Page 742 ---
742 
 
 
(If 
not 
required 
for 
definition 
of 
Final 
Performance or Final Return delete this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(Delete the following sub-paragraphs unless 
Barrier Reverse Convertible Products Style is 
'European 
Barrier 
and 
Participation' 
or 
'American Barrier and Participation') 
[− 
Underlying 
Performance 
(Long): 
(Final Fixing Level (Long) – Initial Fixing Level 
(Long)) divided by the Initial Fixing Level 
(Long) 
− 
Underlying 
Performance 
(Short): 
(Final Fixing Level (Short) – Initial Fixing Level 
(Short)) divided by the Initial Fixing Level 
(Short) 
− 
Long Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying] 
− 
Short Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]] 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(vi) 
Lock-In Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Lock-In Event: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: Lock-In Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level 
on 
the 
relevant 
Lock-In 
Observation Date] 
[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [A Common Lock-In Event has 
occurred in respect of a Lock-In Observation 
Date. Where "Common Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of all 
Underlyings are [above]/[at or above] their 
respective Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant 
Lock-In Observation Date.]/[A Single Lock-In 
Event has occurred in respect of each 
Underlying]. Where "Single Lock-In Event" 
means the Lock-In Fixing Level of an 
Underlying 
is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
its 
respective Lock-In Barrier Level on any Lock-
In Observation Date.]

--- Page 743 ---
743 
 
 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable delete the 
sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying each of [], 
[] and [] 
− 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Lock-In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying and each 
Lock-In Observation Date, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level [of such Underlying] 
(vii) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
− 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] 
(viii) 
Gearing: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Leverage 
Final 
Performance: 
[Insert if Products are linked to a single 
Underlying: 
Strike Level −Final Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
/[Insert if Products are linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: 
[ 
Strike Fixing Basket Level −Final Fixing Basket Level
Initial Fixing Basket Level
 
] 
/[ 
Strike Level (Worst) −Final Fixing Level (Worst)
Initial Fixing Level (Worst)
 
]] 
(x) 
Strike Fixing Basket Level: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 744 ---
744 
 
 
(xi) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Delivery 
and 
Residual 
Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Settlement 
Type is Cash Settlement] (If Not applicable 
delete remaining sub-paragraphs) 
(i) 
Delivery Underlying: 
[The Underlying]/[Each Underlying]/[The Worst 
Performing Underlying] 
(ii) 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
[Specified Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount – 
Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bearish Products] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(iii) 
Settlement Initial Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified 
to 
be 
'Specified 
Amount' 
or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Final Terms) 
[− 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]]  
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
(If not required for definition of Settlement Initial 
Level delete this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 745 ---
745 
 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(iv) 
FX Conversion: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but 
not all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect 
of [Insert each Underlying that is denominated 
in the Settlement Currency: [], [] and [] the 
Settlement FX Rate shall be 1 (one).] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
applicable 
if 
the 
Conversion Ratio is a specified number in the 
Final Terms or if the currency of denomination 
of the Delivery Underlying is the Settlement 
Currency. If the Delivery Underlying is 'Worst 
Performing Underlying' and at least one 
underlying is denominated in a currency other 
than the Settlement Currency, this should be 
'Applicable') 
(If Not applicable delete remaining sub-
paragraphs) 
− 
Price Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement 
FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
− 
Settlement 
FX 
Exchange 
Rate 
Valuation Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the Settlement 
FX Rate, []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
26. 
Tracker Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Redemption Style: 
[Fixed Term]/[Open Ended] 
(i) 
Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable or if Redemption Style is 
Open Ended, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
(B) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed Term) Notice 
Period: 
[] Business Day[s] [Which shall be a minimum 
of 5 Business Days when the Product is 
cleared through Euroclear] 
(C) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the Issuer 
has exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed 
Term), the day specified as the Final Fixing 
Date in the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
Redemption Notice 
(D) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the Issuer 
has exercised its Issuer Call Option (Fixed

--- Page 746 ---
746 
 
 
Term), the Issuer Call Option (Fixed Term) 
Redemption Date 
(E) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
(ii) 
Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable or if Redemption Style is 
Open Ended, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Investor Put Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
(B) 
Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term) Notice 
Period: 
[] Business Day[s] [Which shall be a minimum 
of 5 Business Days when the Product is 
cleared through Euroclear] 
(C) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term), [] Scheduled Trading Days 
following the day on which the Paying Agent 
has received the duly completed and signed 
Investor Put Option ( Fixed Term) Redemption 
Notice 
(D) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of each Product for which the 
Investor has exercised its Investor Put Option 
(Fixed Term), the Investor Put Option (Fixed 
Term) Redemption Date 
(E) 
Investor Put Option 
(Fixed 
Term) 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
(iii) 
Issuer Call Option (Open-
ended) and Investor Put 
Option (Open ended) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Open-ended) 
Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
(B) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Open-ended) 
Notice Period: 
[] Business Day[s] [Which shall be a minimum 
of 5 Business Days when the Product is 
cleared through Euroclear]  
(C) 
Investor Put Option 
(Open-ended) 
Exercise Date(s): 
[Each Business Day falling after the Issue 
Date]/[] 
(D) 
Investor Put Option 
(Open-ended) 
Notice Period: 
[] Business Day[s] [Which shall be a minimum 
of 5 Business Days when the Product is 
cleared through Euroclear] 
(E) 
Final Fixing Date: 
In respect of: 
(a) 
each Product for which the Issuer has 
exercised its Issuer Call Option (Open-ended), 
the day specified as the Final Fixing Date in the 
Issuer Call Option (Open-ended) Redemption 
Notice; and 
 
 
(b) 
each Product for which the Investor 
has exercised its Investor Put Option (Open-
ended), [] Scheduled Trading Days following

--- Page 747 ---
747 
 
 
the day on which the Paying Agent has 
received the duly completed and signed 
Investor Put Option (Open-ended) Redemption 
Notice 
(F) 
Redemption Date: 
In respect of: 
(a) 
each Product for which the Issuer has 
exercised its Issuer Call Option (Open-ended), 
the 
Issuer 
Call 
Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption Date; and 
 
 
(b) 
each Product for which the Investor 
has exercised its Investor Put Option (Open-
ended), the Investor Put Option (Open-ended) 
Redemption Date. 
(G) 
Issuer Call Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
(H) 
Investor Put Option 
(Open-ended) 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Final Fixing 
Date 
(b) 
Tracker Product Style: 
[Single Underlying with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single Underlying 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single Underlying with Quanto 
FX and no Dividend]/[Single Underlying with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Single Underlying with Composite 
FX and no Dividend]/[Single Underlying with 
Composite 
FX 
(Notional 
Units)]/[Single 
Underlying 
with 
no 
FX 
and 
no 
Dividends]/[Single Underlying with no FX 
(Notional Units)]/ [Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Quanto FX and 
Reinvestment of Dividends]/[Single Underlying 
with High Watermark Redemption with Quanto 
FX and Dividends at Redemption]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Quanto FX and no Dividend]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Dividends 
at 
Redemption]/[Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Composite FX and no Dividend]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Composite FX (Notional Units)]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with 
no 
FX 
and 
no 
Dividends]/[Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with no FX (Notional Units)]/[Basket of 
Underlyings with Quanto FX and Dividends at 
Redemption]/[Basket 
of 
Underlyings 
with 
Quanto 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment 
of 
Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with Quanto 
FX and no Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings 
with Composite FX and Reinvestment of

--- Page 748 ---
748 
 
 
Dividends]/[Basket 
of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite FX and Dividends at Redemption]/ 
[Basket of Underlyings with Composite FX and 
no Dividends]/[Basket of Underlyings with no 
FX and no Dividends] 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
(i) 
Conversion Ratio Payout 
Style: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Not Applicable if Tracker Product Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single 
Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)', 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Composite FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with no FX (Notional Units)'. If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(A) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Tracker): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(B) 
W (Initial): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(C) 
Dividend 
Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a Dividend Reinvestment Day 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[NAV] on such Dividend Reinvestment 
Day]]/[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable unless 
Tracker Product Style is specified to be 'Single 
Underlying with Quanto FX and Reinvestment

--- Page 749 ---
749 
 
 
of Dividend', 'Single Underlying with Composite 
FX and Reinvestment of Dividend', 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Quanto FX and Reinvestment 
of Dividends') 
(If applicable, repeat as necessary for each 
Underlying) 
(D) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
[− 
Lock-In 
Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In Barrier 
Level or any of the higher Lock-In Barrier 
Levels compared to the last recorded Highest 
Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In 
Observation Date 
− 
Lock-In 
Observatio
n Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [], [] and 
[]][Any 
day 
From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] [] to, [and including]/[but excluding] 
[]] 
− 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
− 
First Lock-
In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial 
Fixing Date, [indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level 
− 
Increment 
Percentage
: 
[●]] 
(E) 
High 
Watermark 
Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
(F) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying], each [Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading Day]/[Reference Market Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the High 
Watermark 
Observation 
Period][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 750 ---
750 
 
 
(G) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [*] to, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[*]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(H) 
FX Rate: 
[Applicable [Insert if the Products are linked to 
a basket of Underlyings and at least one (but 
not all) Underlyings are denominated in the 
Settlement Currency:, provided that in respect 
of [Insert each Underlying that is denominated 
in the Settlement Currency: [], [] and []] the 
FX Rate shall be 1 (one).]] 
[Not Applicable] (Not Applicable unless Tracker 
Product Style is specified to be 'Single 
Underlying with Composite FX and Dividends 
at 
Redemption', 
'Single 
Underlying 
with 
Composite FX and Reinvestment of Dividends', 
'Single Underlying with High Watermark 
Redemption with Composite FX and Dividends 
at Redemption', 'Single Underlying with High 
Watermark Redemption with Composite FX 
and Reinvestment of Dividends', 'Basket of 
Underlyings 
with 
Composite 
FX 
and 
Reinvestment of Dividends' or 'Basket of 
Underlyings with Composite FX and Dividends 
at Redemption') 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Price 
Source: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the FX Rate, [
]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Tracker FX 
Rate 
Valuation 
Time: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying]/[each Underlying], 
for the purposes of determining the FX Rate, [
]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(I) 
Management 
Fee 
Deduction: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
please delete the remaining sub-paragraph of 
this paragraph) 
[− 
Management 
Fee: 
[] per cent.] 
(ii) 
Units Payout Style: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only Applicable if Tracker Product Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single 
Underlying with no FX (Notional Units)', 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Composite FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with no FX (Notional Units)'. If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(A) 
Units (Initial): 
In respect of the Underlying, []

--- Page 751 ---
751 
 
 
(B) 
Tracker 
Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of the Underlying and a Scheduled 
Trading 
Day, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Scheduled Trading Day] 
(C) 
Tracker 
Observation 
Date(s): 
In respect of the Underlying, each of [], [] and 
[] 
(D) 
Management 
Fee 
Style: 
[Product Value Style]/[Calculation Amount 
Style] 
 
− 
Manageme
nt Fee: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(E) 
Performance 
Fee 
Deduction  
 
− 
Performan
ce Fee: 
[] per cent.] 
− 
Hurdle 
Rate: 
[] per cent.] 
(F) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
[− 
Lock-In 
Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In Barrier 
Level or any of the higher Lock-In Barrier 
Levels compared to the last recorded Highest 
Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In 
Observation Date 
− 
Lock-In 
Observatio
n Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [], [] and 
[]][Any 
day 
From, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] [] to, [and including]/[but excluding] 
[]] 
− 
Lock-In 
Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
− 
First Lock-
In 
Barrier 
Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial 
Fixing Date, [indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level 
− 
Increment 
Percentage
: 
[●]]

--- Page 752 ---
752 
 
 
(G) 
High 
Watermark 
Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]/[Not Applicable] 
(H) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying], each [Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading Day]/[Reference Market Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the High 
Watermark 
Observation 
Period][Not 
Applicable] 
(I) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(J) 
FX Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Tracker Product Style is 
specified to be 'Single Underlying with 
Composite FX (Notional Units)' and 'Single 
Underlying with High Watermark Redemption 
with Composite FX (Notional Units)'. If Not 
Applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
− 
FX 
Rate 
(Initial): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
 
− 
Price 
Source: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate, [] 
 
− 
Tracker FX 
Rate 
Valuation 
Time: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate, [] 
27. 
Dual Currency Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Dual Currency Product Style: 
[Upside in Investment Currency]/[Upside in 
Alternative Currency] 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the definition 
of the relevant Underlying Valuation Date 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
(d) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
(i) 
Alternative Currency: 
[] 
(ii) 
Strike Event: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below]/[above]/[at or above] the 
Strike Level

--- Page 753 ---
753 
 
 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[[] [, being [] per cent. per annum of the Initial 
Fixing Level]]/[In respect of the Underlying, [] 
per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] per annum of 
the Initial Fixing Level] 
 
− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Coupon Rate: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] per 
annum 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
– 
ISDA]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Euro
bond 
Basis]/[Actual/Actual 
– 
ICMA]/[Actual/365] 
28. 
Discount Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the definition 
of the relevant Underlying Valuation Date 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
(c) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
(i) 
Downside Settlement Type: 
[Cash Settlement]/[Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement] 
(ii) 
Strike Event: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] the Cap Level 
(iii) 
Cap Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level 
(iv) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Discount): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
(v) 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph if Not Applicable) 
 
− 
Price Source: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate (Final), [] 
 
− 
FX Rate Valuation 
Time: 
In respect of the Underlying, for the purposes 
of determining the FX Rate (Final), [] 
(vi) 
Delivery and Residual Cash 
Settlement Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable – the Downside 
Settlement Type is Cash Settlement] 
(Delete remaining sub-paragraphs is Not 
Applicable) 
 
− 
Delivery 
Underlying: 
The Underlying 
 
− 
Conversion Ratio: 
In respect of the Underlying, [Specified Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bullish 
Products]/[Calculated 
Amount 
– 
Bearish 
Products]

--- Page 754 ---
754 
 
 
 
− 
Settlement 
Initial 
Level: 
[Initial 
Fixing 
Level]/[Strike 
Level]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if the Conversion Ratio is 
specified 
to 
be 
'Specified 
Amount' 
or 
'Calculated Amount – Bearish Products' in the 
Final Terms) 
 
− 
FX Conversion: 
Not Applicable 
29. 
Leverage Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Leverage Product Style: 
[Call Warrant Product]/ [Call Warrant Products 
with Lock-In Feature]/[Call Warrant Products 
with 
High 
Watermark 
Redemption]/[Put 
Warrant Product]/[Call Knock-Out Warrant 
Product]/[Put 
Knock-Out 
Warrant 
Product]/[Bullish Mini Future Product]/[Bearish 
Mini Future Product] 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
Single Underlying - as specified in the definition 
of the relevant Underlying Valuation Date 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
Single Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions 
(d) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(e) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[[], [] and [] (Repeat as necessary for each 
Set of Coupon Payment Dates (the first set 
being 'Coupon Payment Date Set 1'))]/[[In 
respect of each Set of Coupon Payment Dates, 
each][Each] date set forth in column entitled 
'Coupon Payment Date(s)' in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
(ii) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and [a]/[the] 
Coupon Payment [each of [], [] and []]/[
]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
(iii) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
[corresponding to Coupon Payment Date Set [
]] 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen

--- Page 755 ---
755 
 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(f) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
(i) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for Call Warrant Products: [Final Fixing 
Level of the Underlying is [above]/[at or above] 
the Strike Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level is 
[above][at or above] the Strike Basket 
Level]/[Final Fixing Level of the Worst 
Performing Underlying is [above][at or above] 
the Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level of 
the Best Performing Underlying is [above][at or 
above] the Strike Level (Best)]]/[Insert for Put 
Warrant Products: [Final Fixing Level of the 
Underlying is [below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Level]/[Final Fixing Basket Level is [below][at 
or below] the Strike Basket Level]/[Final Fixing 
Level of the Worst Performing Underlying is 
[below][at 
or 
below] 
the 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level of the Best 
Performing Underlying is [below][at or below] 
the Strike Level (Best)]] 
[Insert for Call Knock-Out Warrant Products: 
Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the Strike Level]/[Insert 
for Put Knock-Out Warrant Products: Final 
Fixing Level of the Underlying is [below]/[at or 
below] the Strike Level]/[Insert for Call Warrant 
Products with High Watermark Redemption, 
Bullish Mini Future Products and Bearish Mini 
Future Products: Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 2 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Event) 
[− 
Strike Basket Level: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Basket 
Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition of 
Final Performance) 
− 
Initial 
Fixing 
Basket: 
[Specified Amount - []]/[Calculated Amount]] 
(ii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of the Underlying, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level]][Not Applicable] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation

--- Page 756 ---
756 
 
 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
 
− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
(iii) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
− 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of [] 
[and a maximum of []] 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(iv) 
Warrant Product Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Call Warrant Products and Put 
Warrant Products. Not Applicable otherwise) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Trading Style: 
[Notional]/[Units] 
− 
Basket 
Style: 
[All]/[Worst]/[Best]/[Not Applicable] 
(B) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Warrant): 
[In respect of the Underlying, 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Trading Style is 
specified as 'Units') 
(C) 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] 
(v) 
Lock-In Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the sub-paragraph of this paragraph) 
[− 
Lock-In Event: 
Lock-In Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at or above] the First Lock-In Barrier 
Level or any of the higher Lock-In Barrier 
Levels compared to the last recorded Highest 
Lock-In Barrier Level on the relevant Lock-In 
Observation Date 
(vi) 
Lock-In 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[In respect of the Underlying each of [], [] and 
[]][Any 
day 
From, 
[and 
including]/[but

--- Page 757 ---
757 
 
 
excluding] [] to, [and including]/[but excluding] 
[]] 
(vii) 
Lock-In Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Lock-In Observation Date 
and [Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[the 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Lock-In Observation Date] 
(viii) 
First Lock-In Barrier Level: 
In respect of the Underlying and the Initial 
Fixing Date, [indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing Level 
(ix) 
Increment Percentage: 
[●]] 
(x) 
High 
Watermark 
Determination: 
[Observation 
Dates]/[Observation 
Periods]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
High 
Watermark 
Fixing Level: 
[In respect of a High Watermark Date and the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such High Watermark Observation 
Date]] 
(B) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[the Underlying], each [Exchange 
Business 
Day]/[Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Business 
Day]/[Trading 
Day]/[Exchange 
Trading Day]/[Reference Market Business 
Day]/[Business Day] falling in the High 
Watermark Observation Period 
(C) 
High 
Watermark 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(xi) 
Knock-Out 
Warrant 
Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable 
for 
Knock-Out 
Call 
Warrant 
Products 
and 
Knock-Out 
Put 
Warrant 
Products. Not Applicable otherwise) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Trading Style: 
[Notional]/[Units] 
(B) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Warrant): 
[In respect of the Underlying, 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Trading Style is 
specified as 'Units')

--- Page 758 ---
758 
 
 
(C) 
Knock-Out Event: 
[Insert for Call Knock-Out Warrant Products: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[above]/[at 
or 
above] 
the 
Knock-Out 
Level]/[Knock-Out 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
the 
Underlying on any Knock-Out Observation 
Date falling in the Knock-Out Observation 
Period is [above]/[at or above] the Knock-Out 
Level]] 
[Insert for Put Knock-Out Warrant Products: 
[Final Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below] 
the 
Knock-Out 
Level]/[Knock-Out 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
the 
Underlying on any Knock-Out Observation 
Date falling in the Knock-Out Observation 
Period is [below]/[at or below] the Knock-Out 
Level]] 
(D) 
Knock-Out Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level 
(E) 
Knock-Out 
Fixing 
Level: 
[In respect of a Knock-Out Observation Date 
and the Underlying, the [Opening [Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Knock-Out Observation Date]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(F) 
Knock-Out 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(G) 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
(H) 
Strike Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
(I) 
Rebate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Rebate 
Percentage
: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] 
(xii) 
Mini Future Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Applicable for Bullish Mini Future Products 
and Bearish Mini Future Products) 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Stop Loss Event: 
[Insert for Bullish Mini Future Products: Stop 
Loss Fixing Level of the Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] the Stop Loss Level on 
any Stop Loss Observation Date in the Stop 
Loss Observation Period]/[Insert for Bearish

--- Page 759 ---
759 
 
 
Mini Future Products: Stop Loss Fixing Level of 
the Underlying is [above]/[at or above] the Stop 
Loss Level on any Stop Loss Observation Date 
in the Stop Loss Observation Period] 
(B) 
Stop 
Loss 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and 
including]/[but 
excluding] 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(C) 
Stop Loss Fixing 
Level: 
In respect of a Stop Loss Observation Date and 
the 
Underlying, 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing Index Level]/[[Intraday Level] 
/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Stop Loss Observation Date 
(D) 
Stop Loss Level: 
In respect of the Underlying, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level 
(E) 
Stop 
Loss 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Stop Loss 
Observation Date in respect of which a Stop 
Loss Event first occurs 
(F) 
Conversion 
Ratio 
(Mini Future): 
In respect of the Underlying, [] 
30. 
Outperformance Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Outperformance Product Style: 
[Outperformance 
with 
Participation]/[Participation 
Certificate 
with 
Airbag feature] 
(b) 
Product Direction: 
[Bullish]/[Bearish] 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as specified in the definition of the 
relevant Underlying Valuation Date] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(d) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual 
Adjustment]]/[Single 
Underlying - as described in the relevant 
Underlying Specific Conditions] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(e) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 760 ---
760 
 
 
(f) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
(i) 
Strike Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its Strike Barrier 
Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [Final Basket Return is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] the Strike 
Barrier Amount]/[Final Fixing Level of the 
[Worst Performing Underlying is [above]/[at or 
above] 
its 
Strike 
Barrier 
Level]/[Best 
Performing Underlying is [below]/[at or below] 
its Strike Barrier Level]] 
 
− 
Strike Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Final Return is required 
for the definition of Strike Event) 
(ii) 
Strike 
Barrier 
[Level]/[Amount]: 
[[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.] of the Initial Fixing Level of such 
Underlying]/[Initial Fixing Level]/[Strike Level]] 
[][, subject to a minimum of [][and a 
maximum of []]] 
(iii) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying, [] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying]]/ [In respect 
of [the]/[each] Underlying, [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
[lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] [Opening [Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition of 
Strike Barrier Level, Final Performance or Final 
Return) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 4 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
[− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying)

--- Page 761 ---
761 
 
 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(iv) 
Strike Basket Level: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
Initial Fixing Basket Level]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless required for definition of 
Final Performance) 
(v) 
Final Redemption Event: 
[Insert for Products linked to a single 
Underlying: Final Fixing Level is [above]/[at or 
above]/[below]/[at or below] its Initial Fixing 
Level] 
[Insert for Products linked to a basket of 
Underlyings: [Final Basket Return is [above]/[at 
or above]/[below]/[at or below] zero (0)]/[Final 
Fixing 
Level 
of 
the 
[Worst 
Performing 
Underlying is [above]/[at or above] its Initial 
Fixing Level]/[Best Performing Underlying is 
[below]/[at or below] its Initial Fixing Level]] 
[Insert if Outperformance Product Style is 
'[Outperformance 
with 
Participation]': 
Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Protection Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.] 
(vii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.] 
(viii) 
Downside Participation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
− 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.] 
(ix) 
Upside Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph) 
 
− 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.] 
(x) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: 
[Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing Level]/[Final 
Fixing Level/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bullish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst)]/[Final Fixing Level (Worst)/Strike 
Level (Worst)]/[Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial

--- Page 762 ---
762 
 
 
Fixing Basket Level]/[Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
(FP) – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if Product Direction is 'Bearish' and 
Products are linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial 
Fixing Level (Best))]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing 
Level (Best)/Strike Level (Best))]/[IP (FP) – 
(Final Fixing Basket Level/Initial Fixing Basket 
Level)]/[IP (FP) – (Final Fixing Basket 
Level/Strike Basket Level)]] 
(xi) 
Final Return: 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [(Final 
Fixing Level – Initial Fixing Level)/Initial Fixing 
Level]/[(Final Fixing Level – Strike Level)/Initial 
Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing Level – Strike 
Level)/Strike Level]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bullish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: 
[(Final Fixing Level (Worst) – Initial Fixing Level 
(Worst))/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst) 
– 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Initial Fixing Level (Worst)]/[(Final 
Fixing 
Level 
(Worst) 
– 
Strike 
Level 
(Worst))/Strike Level (Worst)]/[Final Basket 
Return]/[Final Basket Return (Strike)] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a single Underlying: [IP 
(FR) – (Final Fixing Level/Initial Fixing 
Level)]/[IP (FR) – (Final Fixing Level/Strike 
Level)]] 
[Insert if 'Product Direction' is 'Bearish' and 
Product is linked to a basket of Underlyings: [IP 
(FR) – (Final Fixing Level (Best)/Initial Fixing 
Level (Best))]/[IP (FR) – (Final Fixing Level 
(Best)/Strike 
Level 
(Best))]/[Bearish 
Final 
Basket Return]/[Bearish Final Basket Return 
(Strike)]] 
(xii) 
Final Redemption Cap: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not 
Applicable 
unless 
'Outperformance 
Product 
Style' 
is 
'[Outperformance 
with 
Participation 
and 
Partial 
Downside 
Protection]')) 
(xiii) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Final Performance or Final 
Return)

--- Page 763 ---
763 
 
 
(xiv) 
Inverse Percentage (Final 
Performance): 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Product Direction is 
'Bearish') 
(xv) 
Inverse Percentage (Final 
Return): 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless the Product Direction is 
'Bearish') 
31. 
Long/Short Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Long/Short Product Style: 
[Long/Short Product with no Management Fee 
Deduction]/[Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Management 
Fee 
Deduction]/[Long/Short 
Product with Outperformance Participation] 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(d) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect the Long Underlying: 
- [insert name of Underlying], [] per cent. 
(Repeat for each Underlying in the Long 
Underlying) 
[In respect of the Short Underlying: 
- [insert name of Underlying], [] per cent.] 
(Repeat for each Underlying in the Short 
Underlying) 
[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if the Strategy Style is specified 
to be 'Single Underlying')) 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
(i) 
Strategy Style: 
[Single Underlying]/[Basket of Underlyings] 
(ii) 
Long Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[A basket 
of Underlyings comprising [insert name of each 
Underlying that is a part of the Long Underlying 
basket]] 
(iii) 
Short Underlying: 
[Insert name of relevant Underlying]/[A basket 
of Underlyings comprising [insert name of each 
Underlying that is part of the Short Underlying 
basket]]

--- Page 764 ---
764 
 
 
(iv) 
Stop 
Loss 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A) 
Stop Loss Event: 
Stop Loss Product Value on any Stop Loss 
Observation Date is [below]/[at or below] the 
Stop Loss Barrier Level 
(B) 
Stop Loss Barrier 
Level: 
[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.] of the 
Initial Product Value 
(C) 
Stop 
Loss 
Observation 
Period: 
[From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] [] 
(D) 
Stop 
Loss 
Redemption Date: 
[] Business Days following the Stop Loss 
Observation Date in respect of which a Stop 
Loss Event first occurs 
(v) 
Initial Product Value: 
[] 
(vi) 
Final Performance: 
[Insert if Strategy Style is 'Single Underlying': 
[(Final Fixing Level – Initial Fixing Level)/Initial 
Fixing Level]/[(Final Fixing Level – Strike 
Level)/Initial Fixing Level] 
[Insert 
if 
Strategy 
Style 
is 
'Basket 
of 
Underlyings': [(LS Final Fixing Basket Level – 
LS Initial Fixing Basket Level)/LS Initial Fixing 
Basket Level]/[(LS Final Fixing Level - LS 
Strike Level)/LS Initial Fixing Level] 
(Insert the below sub-paragraphs as required 
for the definition of Final Performance) 
 
− 
Long/Short 
Initial 
Fixing Basket Level 
[Specified Amount: [] in respect of the Long 
Underlying and [] in respect of the Short 
Underlying]/[Calculated Amount] 
 
− 
Long/Short 
Strike 
Basket Level: 
[Specified Amount: [] in respect of the Long 
Underlying and [] in respect of the Short 
Underlying]/[Calculated Amount] 
 
− 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[each] Underlying, [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing 
Level of such Underlying] 
[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying, 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the [lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]]

--- Page 765 ---
765 
 
 
 
− 
Predetermined 
Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(vii) 
Participation Percentage: 
[[] per cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per 
cent. [and a maximum of [] per cent.] ]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Not applicable if Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short Product with Outperformance 
Participation') 
(viii) 
Upside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Long/Short Product 
Style 
is 
'Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Outperformance Participation') 
(ix) 
Downside 
Participation 
Percentage: 
[[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable unless Long/Short Product 
Style 
is 
'Long/Short 
Product 
with 
Outperformance Participation') 
(x) 
Adjustment Factor: 
[Applicable - [] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Management Fee: 
[[] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short Product with no Management Fee 
Deduction') 
(xii) 
DCF: 
ቂ
t
360ቃ/ቂ
actual
365 ቃ/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable if Long/Short Product Style is 
'Long/Short Product with no Management Fee 
Deduction') 
32. 
Dispersion Products: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]] (Common

--- Page 766 ---
766 
 
 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]] (Common 
Adjustment or Individual Adjustment only 
applicable for a basket of Underlyings) 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
(c) 
Number of Underlying Components: 
[In respect of [insert name of Underlying], [] 
per cent.]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, 
[]]/[In 
respect 
of 
an 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column 
entitled 
'Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption 
Table 
below]/[Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption Amount plus Autocall Coupon 
Amount]/[High Watermark Autocallable] 
(Delete the two sub-paragraphs immediately 
below unless 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount plus Autocall Coupon Amount' is 
specified) 
[− 
Fixed 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, 
[]]/[In 
respect 
of 
an 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column entitled 'Fixed Autocall Redemption 
Amount(s)' in the row corresponding to such 
Autocall Redemption Date in the Autocall 
Redemption Table below] 
 
− 
Autocall 
Coupon 
Amount: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Autocall Redemption 
Date, 
[]]/[In 
respect 
of 
an 
Autocall 
Redemption Date, the amount specified in the 
column entitled 'Autocall Coupon Amount(s)' in 
the row corresponding to such Autocall 
Redemption Date in the Autocall Redemption 
Table below]] 
(ii) 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[], [] and []]/[In respect of an [Autocall 
Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation 
Period], the date set forth in column entitled 
'Autocall Redemption Date(s)' in the row 
corresponding to such Autocall Observation 
Date in the Autocall Redemption Table below] 
(iii) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying [each of [
], [] and []]/[]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] 
Underlying each date specified in the column 
entitled 'Autocall Observation Date(s)' in the

--- Page 767 ---
767 
 
 
Autocall 
Redemption 
Table 
below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(iv) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable. [Each of the 
following: [From, [and including]/[but excluding] 
[] to, [and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Autocall 
Observation Period)]/[Each period specified in 
the column entitled 'Autocall Observation 
Period(s)' in the Autocall Redemption Table 
below]] 
(v) 
Autocall Event: 
 
 
 
Basket 
Dispersion 
is 
[below]/[at 
or 
below]/[above]/[at or above] the Autocall 
Trigger Basket Level [on the relevant Autocall 
Observation Date]/[in respect of any Common 
Autocall Period Observation Date falling in the 
relevant Autocall Observation Period]] 
(vi) 
Autocall 
Trigger 
Basket 
Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s] and 
each [Autocall Observation Date]/[Autocall 
Observation Period], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the [Strike 
Level]/Initial 
Fixing 
Level 
[of 
such 
Underlying]]/[In 
respect 
of 
[the]/[each] 
Underlying[s] and an [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall 
Observation 
Period], 
the 
percentage of the [Strike Level]/[Initial Fixing 
Level] as specified in the column entitled 
'Autocall 
Trigger 
Level' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to such [Autocall Observation 
Date]/[Autocall Observation Period]] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Autocall Redemption Table*] 
 
Autocall Observation [Date]/[Period](s) 
Autocall Redemption Date 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Autocall Trigger Level', 'Autocall Redemption 
Amount', 'Autocall Trigger Basket Amount', 'Fixed Autocall Redemption Amount' or 'Autocall 
Coupon Amount') 
(e) 
Redemption Provisions: 
Applicable 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Basket Level: 
[Specified 
Amount 
- 
[]]/[Calculated 
Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(Not Applicable unless Initial Fixing Basket 
Level is required for Autocall Trigger Basket 
Level) 
(ii) 
Strike Basket Level: 
[In respect of [the]/[each] Underlying[s], 
[Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] of the Initial Fixing [Basket] Level 
[of such Underlying]]] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Final Redemption Cap: 
[Applicable,][Indicatively, ][] per cent.[, subject 
to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum 
of [] per cent.]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 768 ---
768 
 
 
33. 
Steepener Products: 
 
 
(a) 
Steepener Product Style: 
[Spread 
(Note 
or 
Certificate)]/[Accrual 
Steepener (Warrant)]/[Single Look (Warrant)] 
 
(b) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Scheduled Trading 
Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]/[Common 
Observation]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(c) 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Dates 
- 
Adjustments for Disrupted Days: 
[In respect of [Insert relevant Underlying 
Valuation 
Date(s)], 
[Common 
Adjustment]/[Individual Adjustment]/[Common 
Observation]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying 
Valuation Date) 
 
(d) 
Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Coupon Style: 
[DCF 
Accrual]/[Single 
Observation]/[Daily 
Average Accrual] 
 
(ii) 
Coupon Payment Date(s): 
[], [] and [] 
 
(iii) 
DCF Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Applicable if 
Coupon Style is DCF Accrual. If Not Applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
− 
Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/ 365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(iv) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[In respect of [an]/[the]/[each] Underlying and 
[a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, [each of [], [
] and []][]]/[In respect of [an]/[the] Underlying 
and [a]/[the] Coupon Payment Date, each date 
specified in the column entitled 'Coupon 
Observation Date(s)' in the row corresponding 
to such Coupon Payment Date in the Coupon 
Payment Table below] 
 
(v) 
Coupon Fixing Level: 
In respect of each Coupon Observation Date 
and 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] 
Underlying], 
the 
[Opening 
[Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Index Level]/[Closing Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement Price]/[Intraday Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen

--- Page 769 ---
769 
 
 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on such Coupon Observation Date] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
(vi) 
Coupon 
Observation 
Period(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable – From, [and 
including]/[but 
excluding], 
[] 
to, 
[and 
including]/[but excluding], []] (Repeat as 
necessary for each Coupon Observation 
Period)] 
 
[Insert if appropriate: Coupon Payment Table*] 
 
 
 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
[] 
(Insert date, repeat as appropriate) 
 
(* insert, if required, additional columns: 'Coupon Observation Period', 'Spread Strike Level' 
or others) 
 
(e) 
Strike Level: 
[In respect of [Underlying 1]/[Underlying 
2]/[each Underlying], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the Initial 
Fixing Level [of such Underlying]] 
[In respect of [Underlying 1]/[Underlying 
2]/[each Underlying], [Indicatively, ][] per 
cent.[, subject to a minimum of [] per cent. 
[and a maximum of [] per cent.]] of the 
[lowest]/ [highest]/ [Average] [Opening [Share] 
Price]/[Closing 
[Share] 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[[Intraday 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday 
Price]/[Settlement 
Price]/[Commodity Reference Price]/[Screen 
Rate]/[NAV]/[Currency Exchange Reference 
Rate] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Underlying]] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
− 
Predetermined Strike Level: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Strike Level) 
 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Underlying]/[[the]/[each] Underlying], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Underlying) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
 
(f) 
Underlying 1: 
[] 
 
(g) 
Underlying 2: 
[]

--- Page 770 ---
770 
 
 
 
(h) 
Underlying Level: 
In respect of a [Coupon Observation Date] [or] 
[Final Fixing Date] and an Underlying 1 or 
Underlying 2: 
[the Underlying Fixing Level of such Underlying 
on such [Coupon Observation Date] [or] [Final 
Fixing Date]]/  
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level
Strike Level
 
]/ 
[a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Fixing Level −Strike Level
Initial Fixing Level
 
] 
(Repeat as necessary for each date) 
 
(i) 
Spread Strike Level: 
[Indicatively, ][][, subject to a minimum of [] 
[and a maximum of []]] 
 
(j) 
Floor: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
 
− 
Floor Percentage: 
[Indicatively, ] [] per cent.[, subject to a 
minimum of [] per cent. [and a maximum of [
] per cent.]] 
 
(k) 
Leverage Factor: 
[Indicatively, ][] [, subject to a minimum of [] 
[and a maximum of []]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Protection Percentage: 
[Applicable – [Indicatively, ] [] per cent.[, 
subject to a minimum of [] per cent. [and a 
maximum of [] per cent.]]]/[Not Applicable] 
36. 
Flexible Barrier Products 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Definitions relating to Dates 
[Insert any applicable schedules, 
periods and dates relating to the 
provisions 
of 
Flexible 
Barrier 
Products that are not specified 
elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 [Insert dates and / or schedules] [] 
(b) 
Definitions relating to the Flexible 
Barrier Products 
[Insert 
any 
applicable 
defined 
terms, including reference formula 
or variable data, relating to the 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[Insert definitions] []

--- Page 771 ---
771 
 
 
provisions 
of 
Flexible 
Barrier 
Products that are not specified 
elsewhere] [] 
(c) 
Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Flexible 
Barrier 
Coupon 
Type 
[Coupon Option 1: No Coupon Barrier] / 
[Coupon Option 2: Single Coupon Barrier] / 
[Coupon Option 3: Single Coupon Event] / 
[Coupon Option 4: 2 Coupon Barriers] / 
[Coupon Option 5: Coupon Barrier and 
Coupon Event] / [Coupon Option 6: Coupon 
Event and Coupon Barrier] / [Coupon Option 
7: 2 Coupon Barrier Events] / [Coupon Option 
8: Twin Coupon Barrier Condition] / [Coupon 
Option 9: Twin Coupon Event Condition] / 
[Coupon Option 10: Combined Coupon Barrier 
and Coupon Event Condition] / [Coupon 
Option 11: Two Tier Coupon] / [Coupon Option 
12: Three Tier Coupon] / [Coupon Option 13: 
Tiered Range Accrual] 
(ii) 
Coupon Amount [] 
[Unless previously redeemed, the Coupon 
Amount [relating to each applicable period] [, i, 
] [] shall be determined [as of the applicable 
[Coupon] Valuation Date(i) ] [as of the 
applicable 
valuation 
date] 
[] 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: ] 
[(Insert the appropriate corresponding Coupon 
Amount formula described in the payout terms 
of the Flexible Barrier Products according to 
the relevant Flexible Barrier Coupon Type)] [
] 
(iii) 
Specific Definitions relating 
to Coupon Dates 
[Insert any applicable dates 
relating to the Coupon 
Provisions 
of 
Flexible 
Barrier Products that are 
not defined elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[Insert dates] [] 
(iv) 
Specific Definitions relating 
to Coupons 
[Insert 
any 
applicable 
defined terms, including 
reference 
formula 
or 
variable data, relating to the 
coupon 
provisions 
of 
Flexible Barrier Products 
that 
are 
not 
specified 
elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[Insert deftinitions] [] 
(d) 
Autocall Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Flexible Barrier Autocall 
Type 
[Autocall Option 1: Single Autocall Condition] / 
[Autocall Option 2: Double Autocall Condition]

--- Page 772 ---
772 
 
 
/ [Autocall Option 3: Layered Autocall 
Conditions] / [Autocall Option 4: Multiple 
Autocall Scenarios]  
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount [] 
[Unless previously redeemed, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Amount [relating to each 
applicable period] [, i, ] [] shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent [as of the applicable 
[Autocall Observation] [Valuation] Date(i) ] [as 
of the applicable valuation date] [] in 
accordance with the following formula: ]  
[(Insert the appropriate corresponding Autocall 
Amount formula described in the payout terms 
of the Flexible Barrier Products according to 
the relevant Flexible Barrier Autocall Type)] [
] 
(iii) 
Specific Definitions relating 
to Autocall Dates 
[Insert any applicable dates 
relating to the Autocall 
Provisions 
of 
Flexible 
Barrier Products that are 
not defined elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert dates] [] 
(iv) 
Specific Definitions relating 
to Autocall Provisions 
[Insert 
any 
applicable 
defined terms, including 
reference 
formula 
or 
variable data, relating to the 
autocall 
provisions 
of 
Flexible Barrier Products 
that 
are 
not 
specified 
elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert deftinitions] [] 
(e) 
Final Redemption Provisions 
Applicable 
(i) 
Flexible 
Barrier 
Final 
Redemption Type  
[Final Redemption Option 1: One Final Barrier] 
/ [Final Redemption Option 2: One Final 
Barrier] / [Final Redemption Option 3: Two 
Final Barriers] / [Final Redemption Option 4: 
Three Final Barriers] / [Final Redemption 
Option 5: Redemption Barrier Event Only] / 
[Final Redemption Option 6: Final Barrier and 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event] 
/ 
[Final 
Redemption Option 7: Two Final Barriers and 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event] 
/ 
[Final 
Redemption Option 8: Final Barrier conditional 
on Redemption Barrier Event] / [Final 
Redemption Option 9: Two Final Barriers 
conditional on Redemption Barrier Event] / 
[Final Redemption Option 10: Final Barrier 
Event Only] / [Final Redemption Option 11: 
Final Barrier Event and One Final Barrier] / 
[Final Redemption Option 12: Final Barrier 
Event and Two Final Barriers] / [Final 
Redemption Option 13: Final Barrier Event and 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event] 
/ 
[Final 
Redemption Option 14: Two Final Barriers and 
Redemption Barrier Event]

--- Page 773 ---
773 
 
 
(ii) 
Settlement Type 
[Cash Settlement] / [Delivery and Cash 
Settlement] 
(iii) 
Final Redemption Amount  
[Unless previously redeemed, the Final 
Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
[as of the Final Valuation Date] [] in 
accordance with the following formula: ]  
[(Insert the appropriate corresponding Final 
Redemption Amount formula described in the 
payout terms of the Flexible Barrier Products 
according to the relevant Flexible Barrier Final 
Redemption Type)] [] 
(iv) 
Specific Definitions relating 
to the Final Redemption 
[Insert 
any 
applicable 
dates, schedules or defined 
terms, including reference 
formula or variable data, 
relating 
to 
the 
final 
redemption provisions of 
Flexible Barrier Products 
that 
are 
not 
specified 
elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert dates, schedules and / or definitions] [
] 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
[If, at the option of the Issuer, the Products 
may be redeemed on [any] [the] Optional 
Redemption Date [(i)] and the Optional 
Redemption Amount shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula [on [] [the applicable 
valuation date]]: ] 
[(Insert 
the 
appropriate 
corresponding 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
formula 
described in the payout terms of the Flexible 
Barrier Products)] [] 
(ii) 
Issuer Option Notice Period 
[] [Which shall be a minimum of 5 Business 
Days when the Product is cleared through 
Euroclear] 
(iii) 
Specific Definitions relating 
to the Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer  
[Insert 
any 
applicable 
dates, schedules or defined 
terms, including reference 
formula or variable data, 
relating to the redemption 
at the option of the Issuer 
provisions and conditions 
of Flexible Barrier Products 
that 
are 
not 
specified 
elsewhere] [] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert dates, schedules and / or definitions] [
] 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Product Holder 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]

--- Page 774 ---
774 
 
 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. Note that if the 
applicable Products are Notes, the relevant 
Notes may not be redeemed at the option of of 
the Product Holder.) 
(i) 
Puttable 
Redemption 
Amount 
[If, at the option of the Issuer, the Products 
may be redeemed on [any] [the] Puttable 
Redemption Date [(i)] and the Puttable 
Redemption Amount shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula [on [] [the applicable 
valuation date]]: ] 
[(Insert 
the 
appropriate 
corresponding 
Puttable 
Redemption 
Amount 
formula 
described in the payout terms of the Flexible 
Barrier Products)] [] 
(ii) 
Product 
Holder 
Option 
Notice Period 
[] [Which shall be a minimum of 5 Business 
Days when the Product is cleared through 
Euroclear] 
(iii) 
Specific Definitions relating 
to the Redemption at the 
Option 
of 
the 
Product 
Holder  
[Insert 
any 
applicable 
dates, schedules or defined 
terms, including reference 
formula or variable data, 
relating to the redemption 
at the option of the product 
holder 
provisions 
and 
conditions 
of 
Flexible 
Barrier Products that are 
not specified elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert dates, schedules and / or definitions] [
] 
 
 
36.      Rate Linked Products 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(h) 
Definitions relating to Dates 
[Insert any applicable schedules, 
periods and dates relating to the 
provisions of Rate Linked Products 
that are not specified elsewhere] [
] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[Insert dates and / or schedules] [] 
(i) 
Definitions relating to the Flexible 
Barrier Products 
[Insert 
any 
applicable 
defined 
terms, including reference formula 
or variable data, relating to the 
provisions of Rate Linked Products 
that are not specified elsewhere] [
] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[Insert definitions] [] 
(j) 
Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 775 ---
775 
 
 
(i) 
Coupon Type 
[Fixed 
Coupon] 
/ 
[Floating 
Coupon] 
/ 
[Switchable Coupon] / [European Digital 
Coupon] / [European Double Knock-Out 
Coupon] / [Barrier Event Linked Coupon] / 
[Range Accrual Coupon] / [Tiered Range 
Accrual Coupon] / [Two Tier Digital Coupon] / 
[Three Tier Digital Coupon] / [Two Step Down 
Digital Coupon] / [Three Step Down Digital 
Coupon] 
(ii) 
Coupon Amount [] 
[Unless previously redeemed, the Coupon 
Amount [relating to each applicable period] [, i, 
] [] shall be determined [as of the applicable 
[Coupon] Valuation Date(i) ] [as of the 
applicable 
valuation 
date] 
[] 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: ] 
[(Insert the appropriate corresponding Coupon 
Amount formula described in the payout terms 
of the Rate Linked Products according to the 
relevant Coupon Type)] [] 
(iii) 
Specific Definitions relating 
to Coupon Dates 
[Insert any applicable dates 
relating to the Coupon 
Provisions of Rate Linked 
Products 
that 
are 
not 
defined elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert dates] [] 
(iv) 
Specific Definitions relating 
to Coupons 
[Insert 
any 
applicable 
defined terms, including 
reference 
formula 
or 
variable data, relating to the 
coupon provisions of Rate 
Linked Products that are 
not specified elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[Insert deftinitions] [] 
(k) 
Autocall Provisions 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Autocall Event 
[] 
(Insert applicable definition from the Rate 
Linked Product Conditions section of the 
programme) 
(ii) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount [] 
[If an Autocall Event has occurred, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:] 
[(Insert 
the 
appropriate 
corresponding 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount formula 
described in the payout terms of the Rate 
Linked Products)] [] 
(iii) 
Specific Definitions relating 
to Autocall Dates 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]

--- Page 776 ---
776 
 
 
[Insert any applicable dates 
relating to the Autocall 
Provisions of Rate Linked 
Products 
that 
are 
not 
defined elsewhere] [] 
[Insert dates] [] 
(iv) 
Specific Definitions relating 
to Autocall Provisions 
[Insert 
any 
applicable 
defined terms, including 
reference 
formula 
or 
variable data, relating to the 
autocall provisions of Rate 
Linked Products that are 
not specified elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert deftinitions] [] 
(l) 
Final Redemption Provisions 
Applicable 
(i) 
Final Redemption Type  
[Final Redemption Option 1: Single Scenario] / 
[Final Redemption Option 2: Single Final 
Barrier] / [Final Redemption Option 3: Single 
Barrier Event] / [Final Redemption Option 4: 
Two Final Barriers] / [Final Redemption Option 
5: One Final Barrier and a Barrier Event] / 
[Final Redemption Option 6: Two Barrier 
Events]  
(ii) 
Settlement Type 
[Cash Settlement] / [Delivery and Cash 
Settlement] 
(iii) 
Final Redemption Amount  
[Unless previously redeemed, the Final 
Redemption Amount paid on the Maturity Date 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
[as of the Final Valuation Date] [] in 
accordance with the following formula: ]  
[(Insert the appropriate corresponding Final 
Redemption Amount formula described in the 
payout terms of the Rates Linked Products 
according to the relevant Final Redemption 
Type)] [] 
(iv) 
Specific Definitions relating 
to the Final Redemption 
[Insert 
any 
applicable 
dates, schedules or defined 
terms, including reference 
formula or variable data, 
relating 
to 
the 
final 
redemption provisions of 
Rate Linked Products that 
are 
not 
specified 
elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert dates, schedules and / or definitions] [
] 
(m) 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
[If, at the option of the Issuer, the Products 
may be redeemed on [any] [the] Optional 
Redemption Date [(i)] and the Optional 
Redemption Amount shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the

--- Page 777 ---
777 
 
 
following formula [on [] [the applicable 
valuation date]]: ] 
[(Insert 
the 
appropriate 
corresponding 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
formula 
described in the payout terms of the Rate 
Linked Products)] [] 
(ii) 
Issuer Option Notice Period 
[] [Which shall be a minimum of 5 Business 
Days when the Product is cleared through 
Euroclear] 
(iii) 
Specific Definitions relating 
to the Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer  
[Insert 
any 
applicable 
dates, schedules or defined 
terms, including reference 
formula or variable data, 
relating to the redemption 
at the option of the Issuer 
provisions and conditions 
of Rate Linked Products 
that 
are 
not 
specified 
elsewhere] [] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
[Insert dates, schedules and / or definitions] [
] 
(n) 
Redemption at the Option of the 
Product Holder 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph. If the applicable 
Products are Notes, the relevant Notes may 
not be redeemed at the option of of the Product 
Holder. ) 
(i) 
Puttable 
Redemption 
Amount 
[If, at the option of the Issuer, the Products 
may be redeemed on [any] [the] Puttable 
Redemption Date [(i)] and the Puttable 
Redemption Amount shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula [on [] [the applicable 
valuation date]]: ] 
[(Insert 
the 
appropriate 
corresponding 
Puttable 
Redemption 
Amount 
formula 
described in the payout terms of the Rate 
Linked Products)] [] 
(ii) 
Product 
Holder 
Option 
Notice Period 
[] [Which shall be a minimum of 5 Business 
Days when the Product is cleared through 
Euroclear] 
(iii) 
Specific Definitions relating 
to the Redemption at the 
Option 
of 
the 
Product 
Holder  
[Insert 
any 
applicable 
dates, schedules or defined 
terms, including reference 
formula or variable data, 
relating to the redemption 
at the option of the product 
holder 
provisions 
and 
conditions 
of 
the 
Rate 
Linked Products that are 
not specified elsewhere] [] 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
 
 
[Insert dates, schedules and / or definitions] [
]

--- Page 778 ---
778 
 
 
Provisions relating to the Underlying(s) 
Underlying Table 
[i] 
[Underlying[s
]:] 
[Bloomb
erg 
Code:] 
[ISIN:
] 
[[Underlyi
ng] Initial 
Fixing 
Date:] 
[] (Insert 
relevant Level 
as defined in 
the relevant 
Payout 
Conditions and 
as specified in 
this Pricing 
Supplement. 
Repeat as 
necessary.) 
[Exchange(s)]/[Price 
Source(s)]/[Screen 
Page(s)]/[Reference 
Market(s)]/[Index 
Sponsor(s)]/[Servic
e Provider(s)][:] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
34. 
Share Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Share Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Share(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Share]/[Each share set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
[ISIN: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
[]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], []]/[As set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the row corresponding 
to the relevant Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Reduced 
Number 
of 
Shares: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
− 
[Relevant Number 
of Shares: 
[]] (Delete if Reduced Number of Shares is 
specified as Not Applicable)

--- Page 779 ---
779 
 
 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Share Linked Condition 5 (Definitions) / [] 
(specify number of days)] 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
the 
[Closing 
Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening 
Share 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the [Initial 
Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for 
such Share]] 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday Price at 
any 
time] 
on 
[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Share]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
[]]/[Insert 
for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified in 
item 26 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], 
[Opening 
Share 
Price]/[Closing 
Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date]] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Closing Share 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Share Price]/[Intraday Price at 
any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Share]]

--- Page 780 ---
780 
 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Share], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Share) 
35. 
Participation Certificate (Genussscheine) 
Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Participation 
Certificate 
(Genussscheine) 
Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Participation Certificate(s) 
(Genussscheine): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[Each participation certificate set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
[ISIN: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
(b) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], []]/[As set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 
'Exchange(s)' in the row corresponding to the 
relevant Participation Certificate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
(c) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Participation 
Certificate 
(Genussscheine) 
Linked Condition 5 (Definitions) / [] (specify 
number of days)] 
(e) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Participation Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], the [Closing Price]/ 
[Volume Weighted Average Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the [Initial

--- Page 781 ---
781 
 
 
Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for 
such Participation Certificate] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Participation Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Participation 
Certificate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(g) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], []]/[Insert for Open 
Ended Tracker Products: As specified in item 
26 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
(h) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation 
Certificate], 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], the [lowest]/[Average] 
of the [Closing Price]/[Opening Price] /[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such Participation Certificate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate)

--- Page 782 ---
782 
 
 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph as required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Participation 
Certificate]/[[the]/[each] 
Participation Certificate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Participation 
Certificate) 
36. 
Index Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Index Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Index(ices): 
[Insert name of relevant Index]/[Each index set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], []]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
(c) 
Index Sponsor(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], []]/[As set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 
'Index 
Sponsor(s)' 
in 
the 
row 
corresponding to the relevant Index] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index]: 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Index Linked Condition 5 (Definitions) / [] 
(specify number of days)] 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
the 
[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on the [Initial 
Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for 
such Index] 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Index Level]/[Opening Index Level]/[Exchange

--- Page 783 ---
783 
 
 
Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday Level at 
any 
time] 
on 
[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Index]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], []]/[Insert for Open 
Ended Tracker Products: As specified in item 
26 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], 
[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery 
Settlement 
Price]/[Intraday Level at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
In respect of the [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] 
Index], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Closing 
Index 
Level]/[Opening 
Index 
Level]/[Exchange 
Delivery Settlement Price]/[Intraday Level at 
any time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date 
[for such Index]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
 
 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph as required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Index]/[[the]/[each] Index], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Index) 
37. 
Depositary Receipt Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Depositary 
Receipt Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If 
Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub- 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Depositary Receipt(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[Each depositary receipt set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
(b) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], []]/[As set forth in the Underlying

--- Page 784 ---
784 
 
 
Table 
above 
in 
the 
column 
entitled 
'Exchange(s)' in the same row as the relevant 
Depositary Receipt] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
(c) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt]: 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Failure to Deliver: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Insolvency Filing: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Reduced 
Number 
of 
Shares: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[− 
Relevant 
Number 
of Shares: 
[]](Delete if Reduced Number of Shares is 
specified as Not Applicable) 
(d) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Linked 
Condition 
5 
(Definitions) / [] (specify number of days)] 
(e) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Share]/[[the]/[each] Depositary Receipt], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on 
the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date] [for such Depositary Receipt] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted 
Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on 
[each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Depositary Receipt]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], []

--- Page 785 ---
785 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(g) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], []]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker 
Products: As specified in item 26 (Tracker 
Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
(h) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Depositary 
Receipt]/[[the]/[each] 
Depositary 
Receipt], 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Volume 
Weighted Average Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such Depositary Receipt]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Depositary Receipt]/[[the]/[each] Depositary 
Receipt], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Depositary 
Receipt) 
38. 
Commodity Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Commodity 
Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Commodity(ies): 
[Insert name of relevant Commodity]/[Each 
commodity set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
(b) 
Underlying Currency: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], []]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
(c) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], []]/[As

--- Page 786 ---
786 
 
 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the same 
row 
as 
the 
relevant 
Commodity]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
(d) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], []]/[As 
set forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Commodity]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
(e) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity]: 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Permanent 
Market 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Commodity Linked Condition 5 (Definitions) / [
] (specify number of days)] 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], 
the Commodity Reference Price on the [Initial 
Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for 
such Commodity]] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
Commodity Reference Price on [each Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback Period Observation Date in the Initial 
Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Commodity]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity)

--- Page 787 ---
787 
 
 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
[
]]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker Products: As 
specified in item 26 (Tracker Products) above] 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and 
[Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
the 
Commodity Reference Price on the Final Fixing 
Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] 
Commodity], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
Commodity 
Reference 
Price 
on 
each 
Final 
Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such Commodity]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Commodity]/[[the]/[each] Commodity], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Commodity) 
39. 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Currency 
Exchange 
Rate 
Linked 
Products]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Currency Exchange Rate(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Currency Exchange 
Rate]/[Each currency exchange rate set forth in 
the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
(b) 
Reference Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[the 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
(c) 
Base Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[the 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
(d) 
Derived Exchange Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[− 
[Cross Currency(ies): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[the 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate], []

--- Page 788 ---
788 
 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
(e) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[the 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[ 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price]/[Cross Currency/Reference Currency 
Price], []]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Price Source(s)' 
in the same row as the relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange 
Rate, 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price) 
(f) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[the 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[ 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price]/[Cross Currency/Reference Currency 
Price], []]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Price Source(s)' 
in the same row as the relevant Currency 
Exchange Rate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
(g) 
Currency Exchange Rate Valuation 
Time(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[ 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency Price]/[Cross Currency/Reference 
Currency Price], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange 
Rate, 
Base 
Currency/Cross 
Currency 
Price 
and/or 
Cross 
Currency/Reference Currency Price) 
(h) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Currency Exchange Rate Linked Condition 5 
(Definitions) / [] (specify number of days)] 
(j) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
(k) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Currency Exchange Rate], 
the Currency Exchange Reference Rate on the

--- Page 789 ---
789 
 
 
[Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing 
Date] [for such Currency Exchange Rate] 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Currency Exchange Rate], 
the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the Currency 
Exchange Rate on [each Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period] 
[for 
such 
Currency 
Exchange Rate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(l) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], []]/[Insert for Open Ended 
Tracker Products: As specified in item 26 
(Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
(m) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] Currency Exchange Rate], 
the Currency Exchange Reference Rate on the 
Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], the [lowest]/[Average] of the 
Currency Exchange Rate on each Final Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such Currency Exchange 
Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Currency 
Exchange 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Currency 
Exchange Rate], [], [] and []

--- Page 790 ---
790 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Currency 
Exchange Rate) 
40. 
Futures Contract Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Futures 
Contract Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Futures Contract(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[Each futures contract set forth in the 
Underlying Table above in the column entitled 
'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
(b) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same 
row as the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
(c) 
Price Source(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Price Source(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
(d) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Futures Contract] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
(e) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Permanent 
Market 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Futures 
Contract 
Linked 
Condition 
5 
(Definitions) / [] (specify number of days)] 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract)

--- Page 791 ---
791 
 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Futures Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures 
Contract], 
the 
[Intraday 
Price 
at 
any 
time]/[Settlement Price] on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Futures Contract]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Futures Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures 
Contract], the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of 
the [Intraday Price at any time]/[Settlement 
Price] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation 
Period] 
[for 
such 
Futures 
Contract]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [
]]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker Products: As 
specified in item 26 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], the 
[Intraday Price at any time]/[Settlement Price] 
on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the [Intraday Price at any 
time]/[Settlement Price] on each Final Fixing 
Averaging Date [for such Futures Contract]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level)

--- Page 792 ---
792 
 
 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Futures 
Contract]/[[the]/[each] Futures Contract], [], [
] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Futures 
Contract) 
41. 
Fixed Rate Instrument and Derivative 
Instrument Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are [Fixed Rate 
Instrument Linked Products] [and] [Derivative 
Instrument Linked Products]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Instrument(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Fixed 
Rate 
Instrument]/[Each fixed rate instrument set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column 
entitled 
'Underlying(s)']/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fixed Rate 
Instrument) 
(b) 
Derivative Instrument(s): 
[Insert 
name 
of 
relevant 
Derivative 
Instrument]/[Each derivative instrument set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column 
entitled 
'Underlying(s)']/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Derivative 
Instrument) 
(c) 
Reference Market(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Derivative] Instrument], []]/[As set forth 
in the Underlying Table above in the column 
entitled 'Reference Market(s)' in the same row 
as the relevant Instrument] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
(d) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Derivative] Instrument]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Fixed 
Rate 
Instrument 
and 
Derivative 
Instrument Linked Condition 5 (Definitions) / [
] (specify number of days)] 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], 
the [Opening Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on the [Initial Fixing

--- Page 793 ---
793 
 
 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
Instrument 
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], 
the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Instrument]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(h) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], 
[
]]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker Products: As 
specified in item 26 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
(i) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] 
Instrument], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Opening 
Price]/[Closing Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such Instrument]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Instrument]/[[the]/[each] Instrument], [], [] 
and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Instrument) 
42. 
ETF Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are ETF Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 794 ---
794 
 
 
(a) 
ETF Share(s): 
[Insert name of relevant ETF Share]/[Each ETF 
share set forth in the Underlying Table above 
in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
[Bloomberg Code: []] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
(b) 
Fund: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], []]/[As set 
forth in the Underlying Table above in the 
column entitled 'Exchange(s)' in the same row 
as the relevant ETF Share] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
(d) 
Fund Reference Index: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
− 
Fund Reference Index 
Sponsor: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
(e) 
Management Company: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
(f) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
ETF Linked Condition 5 (Definitions) / [] 
(specify number of days)] 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
(i) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant ETF Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], 
the [Closing Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday 
Price at any time] on the [Initial Fixing 
Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for such 
ETF Share]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant ETF Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], 
the [lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the [Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on [each Initial Lookback Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period

--- Page 795 ---
795 
 
 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such ETF Share]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(j) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], []]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified in 
item 26 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
(k) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant ETF Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF 
Share], 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening 
Price]/[Intraday Price at any time] on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] 
ETF 
Share], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] 
of 
the 
[Closing 
Price]/[Opening Price]/[Intraday Price at any 
time] on each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for 
such ETF Share]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant ETF 
Share]/[[the]/[each] ETF Share], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each ETF Share) 
43. 
Fund Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Fund Linked 
Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Fund Unit(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Fund Unit]/[Each fund 
unit set forth in the Underlying Table above in 
the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
(b) 
Fund(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit)

--- Page 796 ---
796 
 
 
(c) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund Unit 
and Fund]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit and such 
relevant Fund]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[Eight Scheduled Trading Days as specified in 
Fund Linked Condition 5 (Definitions) / [] 
(specify number of days)] 
(e) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
(f) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], the 
NAV on the [Initial Fixing Date]/[Underlying 
Initial Fixing Date] [for such Fund Unit]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the NAV on 
[each Initial Lookback Observation Date]/[each 
Initial Lookback Period Observation Date in the 
Initial Lookback Observation Period] [for such 
Fund Unit]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(g) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], []]/[Insert for 
Open Ended Tracker Products: As specified in 
item 26 (Tracker Products) above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
(h) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Fund Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund 
Unit], the NAV on the Final Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] 
Fund 
Unit], 
the 
[lowest]/[Average] of the NAV on each Final 
Fixing Averaging Date [for such Fund Unit]]

--- Page 797 ---
797 
 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant Fund 
Unit]/[[the]/[each] Fund Unit], [], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Fund Unit) 
44. 
Reference Rate Linked Conditions: 
[Applicable – the Products are Reference Rate 
Linked Products]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Reference Rate(s): 
[Insert name of relevant Reference Rate]/[Each 
reference rate set forth in the Underlying Table 
above in the column entitled 'Underlying(s)'] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
(b) 
Screen Page(s): 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], 
[]]/[As set forth in the Underlying Table above 
in the column entitled 'Screen Page(s)' in the 
same row as the relevant Reference Rate] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
(c) 
Relevant Financial Centre(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], 
[] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
(d) 
Relevant Time: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], 
[] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
(e) 
Quotation Rounding: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], 
rounded to the nearest [] decimal place 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
(f) 
Additional Disruption Event(s): 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate]: 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Initial Fixing Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], 
[] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate)

--- Page 798 ---
798 
 
 
(h) 
Initial Fixing Level: 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference Rate], the Screen Rate on the [Initial 
Fixing Date]/[Underlying Initial Fixing Date] [for 
such Reference Rate]  
 
 
[[], being, in]/[In] respect of [Insert name of 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference 
Rate], 
the 
[lowest]/[highest]/[Average] of the Screen Rate 
on 
[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Observation 
Date]/[each 
Initial 
Lookback 
Period 
Observation Date in the Initial Lookback 
Observation Period] [for such Reference Rate]] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
 
(Insert or delete any of the following 3 sub-
paragraphs as required for the definition of 
Initial Fixing Level) 
[− 
Underlying 
Initial 
Fixing 
Date: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], 
[] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], 
[], [] and [] 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
 
− 
Initial Lookback 
Observation Period: 
From, [and including]/[but excluding] [] to, 
[and including]/[but excluding] []] 
(i) 
Final Fixing Date: 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], 
[]]/[Insert for Open Ended Tracker Products: 
As specified in item 26 (Tracker Products) 
above] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
(j) 
Final Fixing Level: 
[In respect of the Final Fixing Date and [Insert 
name of relevant Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] 
Reference Rate], the Screen Rate on the Final 
Fixing Date] 
[In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], 
the [lowest]/[Average] of the Screen Rate on 
each Final Fixing Averaging Date [for such 
Reference Rate]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
(Insert the following sub-paragraph if required 
for the definition of Final Fixing Level) 
 
− 
Final Fixing Averaging 
Dates: 
In respect of [Insert name of relevant 
Reference Rate]/[[the]/[each] Reference Rate], 
[], [] and []

--- Page 799 ---
799 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary for each Reference 
Rate) 
General provisions 
45. 
Form of Products: 
[Global Euroclear/Clearstream Securities]  
[SIX SIS Securities] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Bearer 
Security 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Bearer 
Security which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Securities upon an Exchange Event] 
[Insert if applicable for Euroclear/Clearstream 
Securities] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Bearer 
Security 
exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Securities 
upon an Exchange Event] [Insert if applicable 
for Euroclear/Clearstream Securities] 
46. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable – see the cover page of these 
Pricing Supplement]/[Not Applicable] 
47. 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel 
before 
disapplying 
this 
selling 
restriction) 
48. 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
UK 
Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/ [Not Applicable] 
49. 
Business Centre(s): 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
50. 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following] [Modified Following] [Nearest] 
[Preceding] 
[Modified 
Preceding] 
[No 
Adjustment] 
51. 
Specified Number of Business Days: 
[Three Business Days as specified in General 
Condition 22 (Definitions and Interpreation)/ [
] (specify number of days)] 
52. 
Other Rounding Convention: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
− 
[Specified Sub-Unit: 
[[All amounts due and payable: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] 
to 
[insert 
number] 
decimal place[s]] [Not Applicable] 
− 
[Specified Decimal Place: 
[[[Specify percentage or value]: rounded 
[downwards/upwards] to next [higher/lower] 
[insert number]] [Not Applicable] 
53. 
Calculation Agent: 
[Leonteq Securities AG]/[] 
54. 
Paying Agent: 
[(if Euroclear/Clearstream Securities) BIL/[]] 
[(if SIS SIX Securities) Leonteq Securities 
AG/BIL] 
55. 
Additional Agents: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
56. 
Notice Website: 
[] 
57. 
[Name(s)] [and address(es)] of [Dealer(s)] 
[and underwriting commitments]: 
[Leonteq Securities AG, Europaallee 39, 8004 
Zurich, Switzerland] 
[Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, 69, 
route d'Esch, L-2953 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg]

--- Page 800 ---
800 
 
 
[] [Not Applicable] 
58. 
Governing Law: 
[Luxembourg law]

--- Page 801 ---
801 
 
 
Part C – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
(a) Listing and Admission to trading 
 [Not Applicable] [Application [has been made/is 
expected to be made] by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Products to be [listed] [on the 
Official List] [and] [admitted to trading on] [the 
Euro 
MTF 
of 
[the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/other (specify)]] /[multi lateral trading 
facility 
of 
securitised 
derivative 
financial 
instruments (the "SeDeX Market") organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.]/[multilateral 
trading facility EuroTLX (managed by EuroTLX 
SIM S.p.A)]/[Hi-Cert market segment of the 
multilateral trading facility Hi-Mtf (organised and 
managed by Hi-Mtf Sim S.p.A.)]/[Spectrum 
multilateral 
trading 
facility 
(organised 
and 
managed 
by 
Spectrum 
MTF 
Operator 
GmbH)]/[Open Market (Freiverkehr) of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
Zertifikate AG)]/[SIX Swiss Exchange]/[/[  ] 
[The Tranche [] Products[, Tranche [] Products][ 
and Tranche [] Products] were [listed and] 
[admitted to trading] on [the multi lateral trading 
facility of the SeDeX Market (organized and 
managed 
by 
Borsa 
Italiana 
S.p.A)]/[the 
multilateral trading facility EuroTLX (managed by 
EuroTLX 
SIM 
S.p.A)]/[the 
Open 
Market 
(Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt Zertifikate AG)]/[ ] on or around 
[][,[]][and [], respectively] 
 
 
(c) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[[]/[Not Applicable]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Products have not been individually rated.] 
[The Products to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Products of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[ Standard & Poor's: [_]] 
 
[Moody's: [_]] 
 
[[Other]: [_]] 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[]21 
4. 
 PERFORMANCE OF THE UNDERLYING[S] AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE UNDERLYING[S] 
[] 
Index Disclaimer[s]: []/[See Schedule hereto]/[Not Applicable] 
                                                     
21 Only include a description of any interests, including conflicting ones, that are material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons 
involved and the nature of the interest.

--- Page 802 ---
802 
 
 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
[]22 
 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
[]23 
 
  
 
 
 
 
                                                     
22 Where applicable, include additional operational information relating to the relevant issue/offer. 
23 Where applicable, include additional distribution information relating to the relevant.

--- Page 803 ---
803 
 
 
FORM OF SEPARATE WARRANT PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Separate Warrants, whatever the denomination of those Separate Warrants, issued under the 
Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Separate Warrants are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) or a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Separate Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Separate Warrants or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]24 
[MiFID II product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[NOTICE TO SWISS INVESTORS  - As a result of having derivative components, the Products may be 
considered structured products in Switzerland pursuant to article 70 of the Swiss Federal Act on 
Financial Services of 15 June 2018 ("FinSA"). They do not qualify as units of a collective investment 
scheme according to the relevant provisions of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment 
Schemes of 23 June 2006 ("CISA"), as amended, and are not registered thereunder. Therefore, the 
Products are neither governed by the CISA nor authorised or supervised by the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). Accordingly, holders of the Products do not have the benefit of the 
specific investor protection provided under the CISA. [The Products documented in this Pricing 
Supplement are not being offered, sold or advertised, directly or indirectly, in, into or from Switzerland 
to retail clients (Privatkundinnen und -kunden) within the meaning of FinSA ("Retail Clients"). Neither 
this Pricing Supplement nor any offering materials relating to the Products may be available to Retail 
Clients in or from Switzerland. The offering of the Products directly or indirectly, in, into or from 
Switzerland is only made by way of private placement by addressing the Products solely at investors 
classified as professional clients (professionelle Kunden) or institutional clients (institutionelle Kunden) 
within the meaning of FinSA ("Professional or Institutional Clients").]25] 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [] 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 9CZ7TVMR36CYD5TZBS50 
Issue of [Title of Separate Warrants] [Series Number] [Tranche Number] 
Programme for the issue of Structued Notes, Certificates and Warrants 
Part A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
                                                     
24 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Warrants potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
25 Please note that it would also be possible to benefit from such a private placement exemption, if: (a) the offer is made to less 
than 500 Retail Clients, (b) the denomination of the Products is at least CHF 100'000, (c) the Products may only be purchased 
by investors investing at least CHF 100'000; or (d) the offer does not exceed the cap of CHF 8'000'000 (over a 12 months period). 
In the event that the Issuer would benefit from such other exemption, please adjust the wording accordingly.

--- Page 804 ---
804 
 
 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Separate Warrants may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Separate Warrant 
Conditions set forth in the base prospectus dated 6 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] 
[and [date]] ([together] the "Base Prospectus").  
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Separate Warrant 
Conditions (the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] which are 
incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated [current date].  
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual)  
(N.B. If there has been any adverse change in the financial position or results of operations of the Issuer 
or of the BIL Group in each case which is material in the context of the Programme or the issue and 
offering of Separate Warrants thereunder, since the date of last audited accounts or interim accounts 
(if later), then such disclosure should be made by means of a prospectus supplement.) 
A. 
ISSUE DETAILS 
 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
(iii) 
[Date on which the Warrants will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[_] 
[_] 
The Warrants will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series 
with 
[provide 
issue 
amount/ISIN/settlement 
date/issue 
date 
of 
earlier Tranches] on [the Issue Date] [Not 
Applicable]] 
2. 
Relevant Clearing System [and the 
relevant identification number(s)]: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
[SIS [– identification number []]] (specify other; 
give name(s), address(es) and identification 
number(s)) [] 
3. 
Title:  
[Call/Put] Warrants linked to [_]  
4. 
Number: 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
5. 
Call / Put:  
The Warrants are [Call/Put] Warrants. 
6. 
Warrant Style: 
The Warrants are [American/European] Style 
Warrants. 
7. 
Issue Date: 
[_] 
8. 
Trade Date: 
[_] 
9. 
First Exercise Date: 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
10. 
Final Exercise Date: 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Exercise 
Date 
or 
Exercise 
Dates 
(European Style only): 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
12. 
Automatic Exercise:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
13. 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Maximum Exercise Number (American 
Style only): 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
15. 
Calculation Agent:  
[Name and address]

--- Page 805 ---
805 
 
 
16. 
Date of resolution of Board of Directors 
of the Issuer approving the issue of the 
Warrants: 
[_] 
17. 
Issue Price: 
[_] 
B. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE TYPE OF SEPARATE WARRANTS 
1. 
Cash Settlement Provisions in relation to 
Index Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
This section should set out the rights attaching to the Warrants on exercise. It should 
generally include definitions of: 
(i) 
"Index": 
[_] 
(ii) 
"Index Sponsor": 
[_] 
(iii) 
"Bloomberg Screen": 
[_] 
(iv) 
"Exchange": 
[_] 
(v) 
"Business Day": 
[means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in [_] and London] 
(vi) 
"Settlement Date": 
[means the [number of days] Business Day 
following the Valuation Date]. 
(vii) 
"Settlement Currency": 
[_] 
(viii) 
"Initial Valuation Date": 
[_] 
(ix) 
"Final Valuation Date": 
[_] 
(x) 
"NA": 
[ ] per Warrant 
2. 
Cash Settlement Provisions in relation to 
ETF Linked Warrants: 
(General Condition 4(b)(ii)) 
[Applicable. 
The 
Warrants 
are 
[Call][Put] 
Warrants /Not Applicable] 
This section should set out the rights attaching to the Warrants on exercise. It should 
generally include definitions of: 
(i) 
"Exchange Traded Fund": 
[_] 
(ii) 
"ETF Issuer": 
[_] 
(iii) 
"ETF Share": 
[_] 
(iv) 
ISIN of ETF Share: 
[_] 
(v) 
"Bloomberg Screen": 
[_] 
(vi) 
"Business Day": 
[means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in [_] and London]. 
(vii) 
"Settlement Date": 
means [the [number of days] Business Day 
following the Valuation Date]. 
(viii) 
"Settlement Currency": 
[_] 
(ix) 
"Initial Valuation Date": 
[_] 
(x) 
"Final Valuation Date": 
[_] 
(xi) 
"Strike Price": 
[[ ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
"NA": 
[ ] per Warrant 
3. 
Physical 
Settlement 
Provisions 
in 
relation to ETF Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 806 ---
806 
 
 
This section should set out the rights attaching to the Warrants on exercise. It should 
generally include definitions of: 
(i) 
"Exchange Traded Fund": 
[_] 
(ii) 
"ETF Issuer": 
[_] 
(iii) 
"ETF Share": 
[_] 
(iv) 
"ISIN of ETF Share": 
[_] 
(v) 
"Bloomberg Screen": 
[_] 
(vi) 
"Exchange": 
[_] 
(vii) 
"Exercise Price": 
means the Closing Price which will be notified to 
Warrantholder in accordance with Warrant 
Condition 15. 
(viii) 
"Share Amount": 
means [a fraction] of ETF Shares calculated in 
accordance with  
 
(ix) 
"Parity": 
means the number of Warrants required for the 
delivery of one ETF Share to the relevant 
Warrantholder and the Parity will be notified to 
Warrantholders on the Initial Valuation Day in 
accordance with Warrant Condition 15. [The 
Parity is expected to be [_] Warrants for delivery 
of one ETF Share.] 
(x) 
"Business Day": ” 
[means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in [_] and London]. 
(xi) 
"Settlement Date": 
[means the [number of days] Business Day 
following the Valuation Date]. 
(xii) 
"Initial Valuation Date": 
[_] 
(xiii) 
"Cash Floor": 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: 
"Cash Floor Barrier Level": [ ] 
"Cash Settlement Amount": [ ]] 
(xiv) 
“NA”: 
[ ] per Warrant 
C. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE WARRANTS 
Form of Warrants: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream Securites: Permanent 
Global Warrant exchangeable for Definitive 
Warrants in the limited circumstances specified 
in the permanent Global Warrant] 
[SIX SIS Securities] 
[Warrants shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.] 
In case the Warrants are issued in a form 
not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions: 
[Specify variations to the Terms and Conditions] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
Parity
1

--- Page 807 ---
807 
 
 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [_], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
 __________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 808 ---
808 
 
 
OTHER INFORMATION 
A. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Listing: 
[The official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/other [specify][None] [Application has 
been made for the Warrants to be admitted to 
listing on the Official List of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange] 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Warrants to 
be admitted to trading on [Euro MTF Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange][Application 
has been made for the Warrants to be admitted 
to trading on the Open Market] [or specify market 
– note this should not be a regulated market] with 
effect from [_]] [Not Applicable] 
  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that the original Warrants are already 
admitted to trading) 
B. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Warrants to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Warrants of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
[Insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].] and 
associated defined terms].  
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation).]] 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [_]] 
 
[Moody's: [_]] 
 
[[Other]: [_]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Warrants of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
C. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Warrants has an interest material 
to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [Not 
Applicable] 
D. 
PERFORMANCE OF the [Index] [ETF Share] AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING 
the [Index] [ETF Share] 
• 
(Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
[Index] [ETF Share] can be obtained).  
• 
(Where the underlying is an index, include the name of the index and details of where 
information about the index can be obtained.)

--- Page 809 ---
809 
 
 
• 
(Where the underlying is an exchange traded fund, include the name of the exchange 
traded fund and details of where information about exchange traded fund can be 
obtained.) 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained][does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
E. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[_] 
Common Code: 
[_] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
Names and addresses of Fiscal 
Agent: 
[_] 
F. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS26: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Structured Warrants clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Notes do constitute 
“packaged” 
products 
and 
a 
key 
information 
document will be prepared, "Not Applicable" should 
be specified. If the Structured Warrants may 
constitute 
"packaged" 
products 
and 
no 
key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
G. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO BELGIAN CONSUMERS: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)  
H. 
U.S. TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
[The Warrants are [not] Specified Warrants for purposes of Section 871(m).] [Additional 
information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Warrants will be available at 
[give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact].] (The Warrants will not be Specified 
Warrants if they (i) are issued prior to January 1, 2023 and are not "delta-one" for U.S. tax 
purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the Warrants 
reference a U.S. equity or an index that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to January 1, 2023 
and provide a return that does not differ significantly from the return on an investment in the 
underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after January 1, 2023, further analysis would be required. 
If the Warrants are Specified Warrants, include the “Additional information” sentence and 
provide the appropriate contact information at the Issuer.) 
[As at the date of this Pricing Supplement, the Issuer has not determined whether the 
Warrants are Specified Warrants for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986; however, indicatively it considers that they will [not] be Specified 
Warrants for these purposes. This is indicative information only subject to change and if the 
Issuer’s final determination is different then it will give notice of such determination. Please 
contact [name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for further information regarding the 
                                                     
26 Please note that before choosing a specific option in the Final Terms with regard to selling restrictions 
for retail investors in the context of a public offer in a specific jurisdiction, advice is to be taken from 
specific counsel in respect of the determination to be made whether a specific Product would fall into a 
category of products which are deemed to be banned from the public offering to the retail investors in 
a specific jurisdiction, e.g. as per the AMF (Autorité des marchés financiers) position no. 2010-05 on 
the marketing of complex financial instruments, the CSSF Regulation No. 19-06 on contracts for 
difference or the AFM (Autoriteit Financiele Markten) decision on restriction on turbos on 30 June 2021.

--- Page 810 ---
810 
 
 
application of Section 871(m) to the Warrants.] (This formulation to be used if the Issuer has 
not made a final determination regarding whether the Warrants are Specified Warrants as of 
the date of the Pricing Supplement)

--- Page 811 ---
811 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection 
with the amending and updating of the Programme. The issue of the Products and the creation 
of the Programme were authorised by resolutions of the Executive Committee passed on 27 
October 2021. 
2. 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the BIL Group since 
31 December 2020 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer or the BIL Group since 31 December 2020 and no significant change in the financial or 
trading position and financial performance of the Issuer or the BIL Group subsequent to 30 
June 2021. 
3. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer. 
4. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Products will be determined before filing of the 
applicable Final Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market conditions. Neither 
the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is the issuer of the underlying shares and the Issuer does 
not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any related underlying assets, 
except if required by any applicable laws and regulations.  
5. 
Each Bearer Note and Exchangeable Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, 
Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: "Any United States person who holds 
this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including 
the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code". 
6. 
Products have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International 
Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") and the identification number for any other relevant 
clearing system for each Series of Products will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. The 
address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Kingdom of Belgium and 
the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The address of any alternative clearing system will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Products issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Products issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
8. 
Copies of the following documents will be available on the Issuer's website 
(https://www.bil.com/en/bil-group/investor-relations/Pages/index.aspx 
or 
https://www.bil.com/en/bil-group/documentation/Pages/legal-documentation.aspx) for 10 years 
from the date of this Base Prospectus:  
(i) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto and each Final Terms and Separate 
Warrant Final Terms,

--- Page 812 ---
812 
 
 
(ii) 
the documents incorporated by reference to this Prospectus listed in "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"; and 
(iii) 
the Articles of Association of the Issuer 
9. 
Copy in physical form of the Articles of Association of the Issuer, [Agency Agreement] (as 
amended, restated or supplemented from time to time) will be available for inspection, at the 
specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long as any of 
the Products are outstanding.  
10. 
Ernst & Young S.A. (a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises (the Luxembourg 
institute of chartered accountants)) has audited, and rendered the unqualified audit report on, 
the consolidated and non-consolidated accounts of BIL for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative (a member of the Institut des Réviseurs 
d'Entreprises (the Luxembourg institute of chartered accountants)) has audited, and rendered 
the unqualified audit report on, the consolidated and non-consolidated accounts of BIL for the 
year ended 31 December 2020.  
11. 
The Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms relating to Products listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and the Separate Warrant Final Terms will be available to 
view on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 813 ---
813 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Leonteq Securities AG 
Europaallee 39 
8004 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 814 ---
814 
 
 
 
ISSUING, FISCAL, PAYING AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L- 2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
PAYING AGENTS 
in respect of Euroclear/Clearstream Securities and SIX SIS Securities  
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
in respect of SIX SIS Securities  
Leonteq Securities AG 
Europaallee 39 
8004 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
CALCULATION AGENTS 
Leonteq Securities AG 
Europaallee 39 
8004 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LISTING AGENTS 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
Leonteq Securities AG 
Europaallee 39 
8004 Zurich 
Switzerland 
 
ARRANGER 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS  
 
For 2019:  
Ernst & Young S.A.

--- Page 815 ---
815 
 
 
35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
For 2020:  
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société cooperative 
2 Rue Gerhard Mercator,  
L-2182 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers in respect of Luxembourg law 
 
Allen & Overy SCS  
inscrite au Barreau de Luxembourg 
5 Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg