--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 18 July 2024 
 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
Euro 90,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel (“BFCM” or the 
“Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes to be governed either by English law (the 
“English Law Notes”), by French law (the “French Law Notes”) or by the law of New South Wales, Australia (the “Australian Law Notes”) and, together with the English Law Notes 
and the French Law Notes, the “Notes”). The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 90,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus dated 18 July 2023 and all supplements thereto. 
Notes will be issued in one or more series (each a “Series”). Notes of each Series may be issued in one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) on different issue dates (each an “Issue 
Date”) and on terms otherwise identical (except in relation to the interest commencement dates and certain other matters related thereto). Notes may be either senior (“Senior Notes”) 
or subordinated (“Subordinated Notes”). Senior Notes may be either senior preferred Notes (“Senior Preferred Notes”) or senior non-preferred Notes (“Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes”). The terms and conditions of the English Law Notes (the “English Law Conditions”) are set out herein in the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” 
and the terms and conditions of the French Law Notes (the “French Law Conditions”) are set out herein in the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes” (the 
English Law Conditions and the French Law Conditions together, the “Terms and Conditions” or the “Conditions”, reference to a “Condition” being a reference to the numbered 
paragraphs in the English Law Conditions and/or the French Law Conditions, unless otherwise specified). 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This Prospectus received 
the approval number 24-327 on 18 July 2024 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) as competent authority under Prospectus Regulation and shall be in force for a 
period of one (1) year as of the date of its approval by the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake and material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant 
to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application may be made, for the period of 12 months from the date of approval by the AMF of this Base Prospectus, for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris, to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”) and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (the “Luxembourg Stock Exchange”) and/or to the competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) for Notes issued under 
the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. Euronext Paris and the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange are regulated markets for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (a “Regulated Market”). The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (forms of which are contained herein) in respect of the issue of any 
Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market.  
The Australian Law Notes will not be admitted to trading or listed on any market or stock exchange and nor will they be offered to the public in any jurisdiction. The terms and conditions 
of, and the form of Final Terms with respect to, Australian Law Notes is contained in the Australian Law Deed Poll dated the date of this Base Prospectus (the “Australian Law Deed 
Poll”). 
The Issuer may also issue Notes under the Programme for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, including the Notes admitted to trading or 
listed on any market or stock exchange that is not a Regulated Market or unlisted Notes. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such 
Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on any such market or stock exchange. 
The approbation number no. 24-327 granted by the AMF on 18 July 2024 to this Base Prospectus is only applicable for English Law Notes and French Law Notes to be listed and 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and/or offered to the public in France and/or in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and/or any other Member State of the EEA, in which this 
Base Prospectus has been passported from time to time. It is not relevant for Australian Law Notes and Notes issued under the Programme for which no prospectus is required under the 
Prospectus Regulation, as such Notes will not be admitted to trading or listed on any Regulated Market, nor will they be offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other disclosure document in relation to the Notes has been, or will be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. No 
action has been taken which would permit an offering of the Notes in circumstances that would require disclosure under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia 
(“Australian Corporations Act”). 
 
The Issuer is neither a bank nor an authorised deposit-taking institution which is authorised under the Banking Act 1959 of Australia (the “Australian Banking Act”). The Notes will 
not be the obligations of either the Australian Government or the French Government, nor of any other government and, in particular, the Notes will not be guaranteed by the 
Commonwealth of Australia or the Republic of France. The Issuer is not supervised by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. Notes that are offered for issue or sale or 
transferred in, or into, Australia are offered only in circumstances that would not require disclosure to investors under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian Corporations Act and issued 
and transferred in compliance with the terms of the exemption from compliance with section 66 of the Australian Banking Act that is available to the Issuer. Such Notes are issued or 
transferred in, or into, Australia in parcels of not less than A$500,000 in aggregate principal amount. An investment in any Notes issued by the Issuer will not be covered by the depositor 
protection provisions in section 13A of the Australian Banking Act and will not be covered by the Australian Government’s bank deposit guarantee (also commonly referred to as the 
Financial Claims Scheme). 
 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
 
English Law Notes will be issued in bearer form. English Law Notes of each Tranche of each Series will initially be represented by a temporary global note in bearer form (each, a 
“Temporary Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each, a “Permanent Global Note” and, collectively with any Temporary Global Note, the “Global Notes”), 
each without interest coupons. Interests in a Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note on or after the date being 40 
days after the relevant Issue Date (subject to postponement as provided in the Temporary Global Note), upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. If the Global Notes are 
stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN” or “New Global Note”) form, they are intended to be eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original Issue Date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”). English Law Notes which are not issued in NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) will be deposited on the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream or as otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined

--- Page 2 ---
EMEA 150012139 
2 
 
 
herein). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Notes for other Global Notes and Definitive Notes (as defined herein) are described in “Summary of Provisions 
relating to the English Law Notes while in Global Form”.  
 
French Law Notes may be issued in either dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only 
and may only be issued outside France. Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes will be issued in either (i) bearer dematerialised form 
(au porteur) inscribed as from the relevant Issue Date in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear France”) as central depositary which shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France 
Account Holders (as defined below) including Euroclear and the depositary bank for Clearstream or (ii) registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the 
relevant Noteholder in either (x) administered registered form (au nominatif administré), in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France Account Holders 
designated by the relevant Noteholders or (y) fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or by the registration 
agent acting on behalf of the Issuer (the “Registration Agent”). “Euroclear France Account Holder” means any authorised intermediary institution entitled to hold directly or indirectly 
accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear and the depositary bank for Clearstream. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest 
coupons attached (a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with French Law Notes issued as Materialised Notes. No interest will be payable on the 
Temporary Global Certificate. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for Definitive Notes as descried in “Provisions relating to Temporary Global Certificates issued 
in respect of Materialised Notes”. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the 
relevant issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or 
in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. See “Provisions relating to the 
Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised Notes”. 
Autralian Law Notes will be issued in dematerialised registered form only and no document of title will be issued in respect of them.  
The long term Senior Preferred Notes of the Issuer have been assigned a rating of A+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), Aa3 by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”) and 
AA- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch Ratings”). The Issuer’s long-term Issuer Credit Rating (ICR) is A+ by S&P. The Issuer’s long-term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) is A+ by 
Fitch Ratings. The Issuer’s long-term rating is Aa3 by Moody’s. S&P, Moody’s and Fitch Ratings are all established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and are included in the list of credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by S&P, Moody's and Fitch Ratings are, as the case 
may be, endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or certified under the UK CRA Regulation. Tranches of Notes issued 
under the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of the Issuer. The rating of Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes 
will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency without notice.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus before deciding to invest in the Notes issued under 
the Programme. 
 
Arranger for the Programme 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
BANQUE FÉDÉRATIVE DU CRÉDIT MUTUEL 
BARCLAYS 
BNP PARIBAS 
CITIGROUP 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
HSBC 
J.P. MORGAN 
NATWEST MARKETS

--- Page 3 ---
EMEA 150012139 
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT – MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET: The Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes will, where applicable, include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline 
the determination of the type of clients in the context of the target market assessment in respect of such Notes, 
taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 
3 August 2023, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending such Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration such 
determination; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the type of manufacturer’s target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect 
of any Notes may include, as the case may be, a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will 
outline the determination of the type of clients in the context of the target market assessment in respect of such 
Notes, and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
If any dealer falls within the scope of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules in relation to an issue of Notes, 
a determination will be made about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, such 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – PRIIPS / PROHIBITION OF SALE TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: If the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA”, the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
“IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has or will have 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT– PRIIPS / PROHIBITION OF SALE TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the relevant Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the IDD, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation

--- Page 4 ---
EMEA 150012139 
4 
 
 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the 
Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of the Notes in the EEA and certain 
member states thereof (France and Belgium), the United Kingdom, Australia, Japan, the United States, the 
People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), Hong Kong and Singapore. See “Subscription and Sale” below. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States of America and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined 
in the U.S Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and regulations thereafter). For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of any Notes must be made in accordance with an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any 
applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal advisor. Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, 
in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of 
National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the 
disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
This Base Prospectus, containing or incorporating by reference all relevant information with regard to the Issuer 
and the Issuer and its subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a whole (the “Group”) as well as the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and French Law Notes to be issued under the Programme together with (i) 
any supplements to this Base Prospectus from time to time (each, a “Supplement” and together the 
“Supplements”) and (ii) the relevant Final Terms issued in relation to each Tranche of English Law Notes and 
French Law Notes, constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. In 
relation to each separate issue of Notes, the final offer price and the amount of such Notes will be determined by 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealers at the time of the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any document and/or information which is or may be 
incorporated herein by reference in accordance with Article 19 of the Prospectus Regulation, as described in 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” below. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis 
that such documents are so incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 5 ---
EMEA 150012139 
5 
 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with all Supplements thereto from time to time) may only be used for the purposes 
for which it has been published.  
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given 
or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or 
any of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined in “Subscription and Sale”). Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which 
this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the 
financial position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
Suitability of investment 
Each potential investor of the Notes must make its own determination of the suitability of any such investment, 
with particular reference to its own investment objectives and experience, and any other factors which may be 
relevant to it in connection with such investment, either alone or with the help of a legal, tax or financial adviser. 
In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or in any applicable supplement; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the Notes and the 
impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for the 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential purchaser’s currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any financial 
markets and of any financial variable which might have a negative impact on the return on the Notes; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may adversly affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes may be purchased as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate 
additional risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes unless it has the expertise 
(either alone or with the help of a financial, legal, tax and/or accounting adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact this investment 
will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. Prospective purchasers should also consult their 
own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of Notes. 
Difference between the Notes and bank’s covered deposits in terms of yield, risk and liquidity. 
Prior to acquiring any Notes, investors should note that there are a number of key differences between the Notes 
and bank deposits, including without limitation:

--- Page 6 ---
EMEA 150012139 
6 
 
 
(i) 
claims in relation to the payment of principal and interest under the Notes rank below claims under the 
so-called “covered deposits” (being deposits below EUR 100,000 threshold benefiting from the protection 
of the deposit guarantee scheme in accordance with Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and 
the Council of 16 April 2014, as amended); 
(ii) generally, demand deposits will be more liquid than financial instruments such as the Notes; and 
(iii) usually, the Notes will benefit from a higher yield than a covered deposit denominated in the same 
currency and having the same maturity. The higher yield usually results from the higher risk associated with 
the Notes. 
Structured Notes  
An investment in Notes, the interest on which is determined by reference to one or more values of interest rates or 
other indices or formulae, either directly or inversely, may entail significant risks not associated with similar 
investments in a conventional debt security, including the risks that the resulting return on such Notes based on 
such interest rate or other indices or formulae will be less than that payable on a conventional debt security at 
the same time and/or that an investor may lose the value of its entire investment or part of it, as the case may be. 
Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant interest rates or other indices or formulae should be 
taken as an indication of future performance interest rates or other indices or formulae during the term of any 
Notes. 
Important notice relating to Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds  
Notes may be issued as Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds. Prospective investors should have regard to the 
information set out in the “Use of Proceeds” section of the relevant Final Terms and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in the Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no 
assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Loans 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether 
by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws, investment policy or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, 
sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Loans or that any 
adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any Eligible 
Loans. 
A basis for the determination as to what constitutes, a “green”, “environmental” or sustainable” or an 
equivalently-labelled project has been established in the European Union with the publication in the Official 
Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”) and its relevant delegated acts. 
The Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation establishes six environmental objectives: (i) climate change 
mitigation, (ii) climate change adaptation, (iii) the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, 
(iv) the transition to a circular economy, (v) pollution prevention and control and (vi) the protection and 
restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. Under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation, the European 
Commission has adopted delegated acts setting out the list of environmentally sustainable activities by defining 
technical screening criteria for each environmental objective or specifying the content, methodology and 
presentation of information to be disclosed by certain undertakings concerning environmentally sustainable 
economic activities. 
In addition, on 20 December 2023, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 22 November 2023 on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally 
sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds was adopted and constitutes a new voluntary European green

--- Page 7 ---
EMEA 150012139 
7 
 
 
bonds label for issuers of green use of proceeds (or an equivalent amount) bonds where the proceeds (or an 
equivalent amount) will be invested in economic activities aligned with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
(the “EU Green Bond Standard”). The EU Green Bond Standard shall apply from 21 December 2024. It is not 
clear at this stage the impact that the European Green Bond Standard may have on investor demand for, and 
pricing of, green use of proceeds (or an equivalent amount) bonds that do not meet such standard. 
In February 2022, the “Platform on Sustainable Finance”, which assists the European Commission in developing 
its sustainable finance policies, published a “Final Report on Social Taxonomy” which purports to determine 
whether and how a “social” taxonomy should be developed, albeit not committing the European Commission to 
the development of a “social” taxonomy. 
However, as the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy remains subject to further implementation and the definition 
(legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined as, a “green”, 
“environmental” or sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project is evolving, no assurance is or can be given 
to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any eligible projects will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any eligible projects. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability 
for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the 
Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds 
and in particular with any Eligible Loans to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. 
Any such opinion or certification is only current as of the date it was issued and the providers of such opinions 
and certifications are not currently subject to any specific oversight or regulatory or other regime. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Green, Social or Sustainability Bond Framework and any such opinion or certification is 
not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.  
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have undertaken, or are responsible for, any assessment of any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria, any verification of whether the Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds meet any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria or the monitoring of the 
use of proceeds, allocation of the proceeds (or amounts equal or equivalent thereto) by the Issuer to particular 
eligible green projects, eligible social projects or eligible sustainability projects required by prospective investors 
or the delivery or contest of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) 
which may be made available in connection with the issue of the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds.  
Each prospective investor of the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds should determine for itself the relevance 
of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms regarding the use of proceeds 
and its purchase of the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. Investors should refer to the Issuer’s website, the Issuer’s relevant Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework, the Second Party Opinion (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus), 
and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of 
Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds for further information. The Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework, the Second Party Opinion and/or any public reporting are not and will not be incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus and no assurance or representation is given by any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger as to the content, suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of 
any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) on the Green, Social or Sustainability Bond Framework. 
Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers or the 
Arranger, to buy, sell or hold any such Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as of the 
date it is released. None of the Arranger or the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of the 
Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds issued under the Programme.  
Moreover, if the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds were listed or admitted to trading on a specific segment of 
any stock exchange for Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds, or included in an index or indices, neither the Issuer

--- Page 8 ---
EMEA 150012139 
8 
 
 
nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the satisfaction of such Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds to 
fulfil the criteria of such specific segments, index or indices, and, if the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds were 
listed or admitted to trading, that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in such index or indices, 
will be maintained during the life of the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds. 
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE (AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME) – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA) that, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, all 
Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore and “Excluded Investment 
Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute and may not be used in connection with, an offer, or an invitation to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Dealers to 
subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers (other than Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel in its 
capacity as Issuer) or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus (including 
any documents incorporated by reference herein) or for any other statement, made or proposed to be made by the 
Arranger or a Dealer on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The 
Arranger and each Dealer (other than Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel in its capacity as Issuer) accordingly 
disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract (save as referred to below) which it might 
otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such document or statement. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the 
Dealers (other than Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel in its capacity as Issuer) or the Arranger undertakes to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “Euro” “euro” 
and “€” are to the single currency which was introduced in the participating member states of the European 
Union on 1st January 1999, references to “A$”, “AUD” and “Australian Dollar” are to the lawful currency of 
Australia, references to “£”, “pounds sterling” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, 
references to “U.S.$” “USD” and “dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America and 
references to “CNY”, “RMB” and “Renminbi” are to the lawful currency of the People’s Republic of China. 
As a result of leaving the European Union (the “EU”), the United Kingdom (the “UK”) is no longer bound by 
the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 (the “Brussels Recast”), a formal reciprocal regime between 
EU Member States on the allocation of jurisdiction and the mutual recognition and enforcement of Member State 
judgments in civil and commercial matters. It is also no longer a member of another convention on the allocation 
of jurisdiction and the mutual enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters, the Lugano Convention 
2007 (the “Lugano Convention”). The EU, Switzerland, Iceland and Norway are members of the Lugano 
Convention. As a result, the Brussels Recast and the Lugano Convention regimes are no longer applied by English 
courts, save in relation to legacy cases. As a further consequence, English judgments are no longer recognised 
and enforced in the courts of Member States, including France, under these regimes, again, save for legacy cases.

--- Page 9 ---
EMEA 150012139 
9 
 
 
The UK has applied to re-join the Lugano Convention. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, this application 
remains pending (although the Commission, acting on behalf of the EU as a party to the Lugano Convention, has 
indicated that it is not prepared to consent to the UK’s readmission).  
On 1 January 2021, the UK re-joined the Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements 2005 (the “Hague 
2005”) to which EU has already been a party. Under the Hague 2005, English judgments issued by an English 
court pursuant to an exclusive jurisdiction clause entered into after 1 January 2021 can be recognised and 
enforced in EU states, subject to standard exceptions. It is generally considered that the Hague 2005 only covers 
exclusive jurisdiction clauses and resulting judgments.  
Where English judgments are not within the scope of the Hague 2005, it will be necessary to consider the 
applicable national law rules on jurisdiction and enforcement. 
In 2022, the EU ratified another convention dealing with the cross border enforcement of judgments, the Hague 
Convention of 2 July 2019 on Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments (the “Hague 2019”) in Civil or 
Commercial Matters. On 12 January 2024, the UK signed the Hague 2019. Ratification is expected to take place 
once all the necessary implementing legislation and rules have been put in place to facilitate the convention’s 
smooth operation in the UK. The Hague 2019 will provide a mechanism for the enforcement of a wide range of 
English civil and commercial judgments in the EU (and other contracting states). Currently the Hague 2019 has 
only been ratified by the EU, Ukraine and Uruguay (with the Hague 2019 to enter into force in Uruguay on 1 
October 2024). The Hague 2019 has also been signed by Israel, Costa Rica, the Russian Federation and the 
United States but is not yet in force in those states. Although there are subject matter exclusions, the Hague 2019 
covers a much wider range of judgments than the Hague 2005 and, importantly for investors, would cover 
judgments issued pursuant to asymmetric jurisdiction clauses.  
When the UK does ratify the Hague 2019, there will be a time lag in its application. The Hague 2019 would only 
apply to judgments where it was in force in both the state of origin and the state of enforcement when the 
proceedings leading to the judgment were initiated. Moreover, under the terms of the Hague 2019, once a country 
ratifies the convention, there is a 12 month period before it is deemed to come into force in relation to that country. 
It is not entirely certain whether the provisions contained in Condition 16 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes fall within the scope of the Hague 2005. If the provisions contained in Condition 16 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes do not fall within the scope of the Hague 2005, a judgment 
obtained in the courts of England against the Issuer for a sum of money due in connection with the English Law 
Notes issued under the Programme will only be recognised by and enforceable in the French courts without re-
examination or re-litigation of the matters adjudicated, through an action for exequatur brought before the 
competent French court. In this case, the said judgment would be recognised provided that the court is satisfied 
that the requirements developed by case law for the enforcement of foreign judgments in France are met, and in 
particular provided that: 
(a) 
the relevant judgment is enforceable in the courts of England; 
(b) 
the dispute is clearly connected to the country in which such judgment has been rendered and the 
French courts did not have exclusive jurisdiction to hear the matter; 
(c) 
the judgment is not contrary to French international public policy (ordre public international), both 
pertaining to the merits and to the procedure of the case; 
(d) 
the judgment is not tainted with fraud; and 
(e) 
the judgment does not conflict with a judgment of a French court or a foreign judgment which has 
become effective in France and there is no risk of conflict with proceedings pending before the French courts at 
the time enforcement of the judgment is sought and having the same or similar subject matter as such judgment.

--- Page 10 ---
EMEA 150012139 
10 
 
 
Potential investors in the Notes should be aware that, notwithstanding the existence of a convention for the 
reciprocal enforcement of judgments entered into between France and the United Kingdom dated 18 January 
1934, there is currently no existing case law or judicial authorities to suggest that this convention would be 
applicable or could be relied upon to recognize a judgment obtained in the courts of England against the Issuer.

--- Page 11 ---
EMEA 150012139 
11 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 12 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 28 
RETAIL CASCADES: CONSENT TO USE THE PROSPECTUS ............................................................. 47 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ..................................................................................................... 49 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................ 50 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ........................................................................................ 60 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES .............................................................. 61 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES ............................................................. 156 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM ................................................................................................................................................ 260 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED NOTES ................................................................................................................ 266 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 268 
BANQUE FÉDÉRATIVE DU CRÉDIT MUTUEL .................................................................................. 270 
GOVERNMENTAL SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF THE ISSUER ........................................ 271 
TAXATION ................................................................................................................................................ 281 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................... 283 
FORM OF WHOLESALE FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................. 291 
FORM OF RETAIL FINAL TERMS ......................................................................................................... 321 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..................................................................................................................... 356 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ......... 360

--- Page 12 ---
EMEA 150012139 
12 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME  
The following general description of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, constitute a 
summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any 
implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or in the section entitled “Governmental 
Supervision and Regulation of the Issuer” shall have the same meaning in this section. 
 
Issuer: 
BFCM 
Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
VBHFXSYT7OG62HNT8T76 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the issue of notes to be 
governed by either English law or French law as further described in 
the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes set out this Base 
Prospectus, or by the law of New South Wales which provisions are 
determined by the relevant documentation and are not included in this 
Base Prospectus (the “English Law Notes”, the “French Law Notes” 
and the “Australian Law Notes”, respectively). 
Notes may either be senior or subordinated (the Senior Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes, respectively). The Senior Notes may be either 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Permanent Dealers: 
Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel, Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP 
Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE and NatWest 
Markets N.V. 
Dealers: 
The Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as dealers in respect 
of one or more Tranches of Notes in accordance with the agreements 
(and whose appointment has not been terminated). 
Programme Size: 
Up to Euro 90,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the 
Issue Date of, and in respect to, any Tranche of Notes) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Risk Factors:  
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out 
under the heading “Risks relating to the Issuer and its operations” in the 
section headed “RISK FACTORS” in this Base Prospectus. In addition, 
there are certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing 
the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 13 ---
EMEA 150012139 
13 
 
 
These are set out under the heading "Risks relating to the Notes" in the 
section headed “RISK FACTORS” in this Base Prospectus. 
Fiscal Agent, Principal 
Paying Agent, 
Redenomination 
Agent, Consolidation 
Agent And 
Calculation Agent in 
respect of the English 
Law Notes: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
Paying Agents in 
respect of the English 
Law Notes: 
BNP Paribas 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Fiscal Agent, Principal 
Paying Agent, 
Redenomination 
Agent, Consolidation 
Agent, Registration 
Agent and Calculation 
Agent in respect of the 
French Law Notes: 
BNP Paribas  
Australian Agent in 
respect of Australian 
Law Notes: 
Citigroup Pty Limited 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued through an exempt offer or through a non-
exempt offer and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more 
Issue Dates and on terms otherwise identical (except for their respective 
Issue Dates and/or issue prices and the first payment of interest), the 
Notes of each Series being intended to be fungible or assimilated with 
all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches 
(each a “Tranche”) on the same or different Issue Dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
the Notes may be denominated in any currency as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity as indicated in the relevant Final Terms subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency, it being specified that the maturity of Subordinated Notes 
should be of at least five (5) years after the Issue Date of such 
Subordinated Notes. The Notes cannot be undated Notes.

--- Page 14 ---
EMEA 150012139 
14 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The Notes may be issued at an issue price, expressed as a percentage of 
the Aggregate Nominal Amount, which is at par or at a discount to, or 
premium over, par (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
Form of Notes: 
English Law Notes 
The English Law Notes will be issued in bearer form.  
French Law Notes 
The French Law Notes will be issued in either dematerialised form 
(“Dematerialised Notes”) or materialised form (“Materialised 
Notes”). 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in 
bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in either fully 
registered form (nominatif pur) or administered registered form 
(nominatif administré). No physical document of title will be issued in 
respect of Dematerialised Notes. See Condition 1 of the French Law 
Conditions (Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination). 
Status of Notes: 
Status of the Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes may be either senior preferred notes (“Senior 
Preferred Notes”) or senior non-preferred notes (“Senior Non-
Preferred Notes”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all “unsubordinated notes” issued by the 
Issuer under the Euro 90,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme prior to the date of entry into force of the law n°2016-1691 
dated 9 December 2016 (the “Law”) on 11 December 2016, constitute 
Senior Preferred Notes. 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes: 
Senior Preferred Notes, including where applicable any related Receipts 
and Coupons, will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as Senior Preferred Obligations 
and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or priority 
among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and senior obligations of the Issuer outstanding as of the 
date of entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016; 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other present or future Senior Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer;  
(iii) 
junior to all present or future claims of the Issuer benefiting 
from statutorily preferred exceptions; and 
(iv) 
senior to all present or future Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations of the Issuer (including any Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) and any obligations ranking pari passu or 
junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 15 ---
EMEA 150012139 
15 
 
 
Subject to applicable law, in the event any judgment is rendered by any 
competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the 
holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Receipts and Coupons shall be subject to the payment in full of all 
present or future creditors and holders of, or creditors in respect of, 
claims benefiting from statutory preferred exceptions (“Preferred 
Creditors”) and, subject to such payment in full, the holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and 
Coupons shall be paid in priority to any present or future senior non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer. In the event of incomplete payment 
of Preferred Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with 
the Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts 
and Coupons will be terminated. The holders of Senior Preferred Notes 
and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons shall be 
responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly 
accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in relation to any 
claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes: 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes including, where applicable any related 
Receipts and Coupons, will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as Senior Non-Preferred 
Obligations and rank and will rank equally and rateably without any 
preference or priority among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu with all other present or future Senior Non-
Preferred Obligations of the Issuer;  
(ii) 
junior to all present or future Senior Preferred Obligations 
of the Issuer; and  
(iii) 
senior to all present or future subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer (including any Subordinated Notes) and any 
obligations ranking pari passu or junior to subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer.  
Subject to applicable law, in the event any judgment is rendered by any 
competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the 
holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Receipts and Coupons shall be subject to the payment in full of 
all present or future senior preferred creditors and holders of, or 
creditors in respect of, obligations expressed by their terms to rank in 
priority to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and of those preferred by 
mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law (collectively, “Senior 
Preferred Creditors”) and, subject to such payment in full, the holders 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Receipts and Coupons shall be paid in priority to any present or future 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer. In the event of incomplete 
payment of Senior Preferred Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in 
connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable,

--- Page 16 ---
EMEA 150012139 
16 
 
 
any related Receipts and Coupons will be terminated. The holders of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts 
and Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the 
orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in relation 
to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Status of the Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of article 
L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce and paragraph 5° of Article 
L. 613-30-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
(i) Status of Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
The Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, the Receipts 
and, the Coupons relating to them (if any), constitute and will constitute 
direct unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations (in 
accordance with paragraph 5° of Article L. 613-30-3 I of the French 
Code monétaire et financier created by Ordinance No.2020-1636 dated 
21 December 2020 relating to the resolution regime in the banking 
sector implementing Article 48(7) of BRRD under French law (the 
“Ordinance”)) of the Issuer and rank and will rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with all other present or 
future subordinated instruments that are, or have been 
before 28 December 2020 (in the case of instruments 
issued before that date), fully or partially recognised as 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, in accordance with Article 
L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et financier 
and expressed by their terms to rank pari passu with such 
instruments;  
(ii) 
junior to all present and future unsubordinated or senior 
obligations of the Issuer (including Senior Notes and, if 
applicable, any Receipts and Coupons relating to them); 
(iii) 
junior to all other present and future subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer expressed by their terms to rank 
senior to Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, if applicable, 
any Receipts and Coupons relating to them; 
(iv) 
junior to any Disqualified Subordinated Notes and 
Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Notes of the Issuer and, if 
applicable, any Receipts and Coupons relating to them; 
(v) 
senior to all present or future prêts participatifs granted to 
the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by the Issuer and any 
deeply 
subordinated 
obligations 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(engagements dits "super subordonnés", i.e. engagements 
subordonnés de dernier rang). 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of any judgement rendered by 
any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if 
the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason:

--- Page 17 ---
EMEA 150012139 
17 
 
 
• 
 the rights of payment of holders of Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and 
Coupons in respect of principal and interest thereon will be 
subordinated to the payment in full of all present and future 
creditors of the Issuer in respect of obligations referred to in 
(ii), (iii) and (iv) above;  
• 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of such Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, such Receipts and 
Coupons shall be paid in priority to all present future creditors 
of the Issuer in respect of obligations referred to in (v) above; 
and  
• 
in the event of incomplete payment of all present and future 
creditors of the Issuer in respect of obligations referred to in 
(ii), (iii) and (iv) above, the obligations in connection with the 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Receipts and Coupons will be terminated.  
The holders of Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, 
any related Receipts and Coupons shall be responsible for taking all 
necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation 
in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
(ii) Status of Disqualified Subordinated Notes 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, the Receipts 
and Coupons relating to them (if any) constitute and will constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations (in 
accordance with Paragraph 5° of Article L. 613-30-3 I of the French 
Code monétaire et financier created by the Ordinance) of the Issuer and 
rank and will rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any and all instruments that have (or 
will have) such rank (including for the avoidance of 
doubt Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Notes and, if 
applicable, any Receipts and Coupons relating to 
them);  
(iii) 
junior to all present and future unsubordinated or 
senior obligations of the Issuer (including Senior 
Notes and, if applicable, any Receipts and Coupons 
relating to them); 
(iv) 
junior to all other present and future subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer expressed by their terms to 
rank senior to the Disqualified Subordinated Notes 
and the Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Notes and, if 
applicable, any Receipts and Coupons relating to 
them; 
(v) 
senior to any Qualifying Subordinated Notes of the 
Issuer and, if applicable, any Receipts and Coupons

--- Page 18 ---
EMEA 150012139 
18 
 
 
relating to them and to all other present or future 
subordinated instruments that are, or have been before 
28 December 2020 (in the case of instruments issued 
before that date), fully or partially recognised as Tier 
2 Capital of the Issuer, in accordance with Article 
L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and expressed by their terms to rank pari 
passu with such instruments;  
(vi) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs 
granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued by the 
Issuer and any deeply subordinated obligations of the 
Issuer (obligations dites “super subordonnées”, i.e. 
engagements 
dits 
“super 
subordonnés” 
or 
engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of any judgement rendered by any 
competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason: 
• 
the rights of payment of holders of Disqualified Subordinated Notes 
and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons in respect 
of principal and interest thereon will be subordinated to the payment 
in full of all present and future creditors of the Issuer in respect of 
obligations referred to in (iii) and (iv) above; 
• 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of such Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, Receipts and Coupons 
shall be paid in priority to all present and future creditors of the 
Issuer in respect of obligations referred to in (v) and (vi) above; and 
• 
in the event of incomplete payment of all present and future creditors 
of the Issuer in respect of obligations referred to in (iii) and (iv) 
above, the obligations in connection with the Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and 
Coupons will be terminated.  
The holders of Disqualified Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, 
any related Receipts and Coupons shall be responsible for taking all 
necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation 
in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
“Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Notes” means any deeply 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer and, where applicable, the 
Receipts and Coupons relating to them, issued on or after 
28 December 2020 initially treated as additional tier 1 capital (as 
defined in Article 52 of the CRR) and which subsequently lost such 
treatment totally. 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 2 (Status of the Notes), 
in the context of a resolution, if any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power 
were to be exercised (as further described in Condition 10

--- Page 19 ---
EMEA 150012139 
19 
 
 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Loss Absorption Powers)), and 
subject to certain exceptions, losses would in principle be borne first by 
the holders of capital instruments in the following order of priority: (i) 
holders of common equity tier 1 instruments, (ii) holders of additional 
tier 1 instruments, (iii) holders of tier 2 capital instruments (such as the 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes), (iv) holders of other subordinated 
debts other than capital instruments (such as Disqualified Subordinated 
Notes and the Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Notes) then by the holders 
of bail-inable liabilities so that losses would in principle be borne first 
by holders of unsecured senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and then by holders of unsecured 
senior preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Preferred Notes). 
Interest Periods and 
Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable 
interest rate may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or 
both, provided that in no event, will the relevant interest amount be less 
than zero. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear 
interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such 
information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Unless a higher rate is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to be 
zero. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed Rates Notes will bear fixed interest payable in arrear on the date 
or dates in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
(See Condition 3 (Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)) 
Resettable Notes: 
The Interest of Resettable Notes shall be a fixed interest rate resettable 
at different reset dates.  
(See Condition 3(c) (Rate of Interest of Resettable Fixed Rate Notes))  
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series as 
follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant specified 
currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), or the latest 
version of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
ISDA, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, each as 
published by the ISDA (or any successor), as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under the 2013 
Fédération Bancaire Française Master Agreement relating 
to transactions on forward financial instruments; or 
(iii) 
by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the Euro Short-Term Rate (“€STR”), the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”), the

--- Page 20 ---
EMEA 150012139 
20 
 
 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) or the Taux 
de l'Echéance Constante à 10 ans (“TEC 10”), the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight (“SARON”) or the Tokyo 
Overnight Average (“TONA”), or any successor rate or 
alternative rate, 
in each case as adjusted for any applicable margin.  
(See Condition 3(d) (Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes)) 
Benchmark Trigger 
Event: 
In the event that a benchmark trigger event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original reference rate specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
independent rate determination adviser to determine a successor or an 
alternative reference rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of 
such Series of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread).  
(See, in particular, Condition 3(d)(C)(g)) 
Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may 
elect to convert, or that will automatically change, on one or more dates 
set out in the relevant Final Terms from one specified interest basis 
(such as, but not limited to, Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS Rate, CPI 
Linked Interest or HICP Linked Interest) to another specified interest 
basis (such as, but not limited to, Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS Rate, 
CPI Linked Interest or HICP Linked Interest). 
(See Condition 3(i) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a 
discount or premium to it and will not bear interest (other than in the 
case of late payment).  
(See Condition 3(h) (Rate of Interest on Zero Coupon Notes)) 
Inflation Linked 
Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest 
in respect of such Notes will be calculated by reference to an inflation 
index ratio (in each case, the “Inflation Index Ratio”) derived from:  
(i) the non-revised consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all 
households in metropolitan France or the relevant substitute index, as 
calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la 
Statistique et des Etudes Economiques (“INSEE”) (the “CPI”); or 
(ii) the non-revised harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding 
tobacco), or the relevant substitute index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the “HICP”). 
(See Condition 3(e) (Rate of Interest on Inflation Linked Notes)) 
CMS Linked Notes  
Payments of interest in respect of CMS Linked Notes shall be calculated 
by reference to one or more CMS Rates by applying one of the formulae 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms which may include currency

--- Page 21 ---
EMEA 150012139 
21 
 
 
exchange features, one or more gearing factors, a minimum rate of 
interest and as adjusted, as the case may be, by one or more margins.  
(See Condition 3(f) (Rate of Interest on CMS-Linked Notes)) 
Inflation Linked 
Range Accrual Notes 
and Range Accrual 
Notes: 
Note may be issued by the Issuer as Inflation Linked Range Accrual 
Notes or Range Accrual Notes where the rate and/or amount of interest 
in respect of such Notes will be conditional upon the relevant Inflation 
Index Ratio(s), CMS Rate(s) or Applicable Rate, as the case may be, 
being equal to, greater than and/or less than certain pre-determined 
levels on one or more specified dates and/or during one or more periods 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
(See Condition 3(e)(iv) (Inflation Linked Range Accrual Notes) and 
Condition 3(f)(iii) (Range Accrual Notes)) 
Redemption by 
Instalments and Final 
Redemption: 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled, each Note that 
provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount 
specified hereon. 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided 
below, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date 
specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount. 
(See Condition 4(a) (Redemption by Instalments and Final 
Redemption)) 
Early Redemption and 
purchases: 
Early Redemption of Senior Notes 
Senior Notes may be redeemed (in whole but not part) at the option of 
the Issuer, at their Early Redemption Amount, upon the occurrence of a 
Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Gross-Up Event (See Condition 4(c) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons)) or (with respect to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes or, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
with respect to Senior Preferred Notes) upon the occurrence of a MREL 
or TLAC Disqualification Event (see Condition 4(d) (Redemption upon 
the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event)). 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred 
Notes may be redeemed (in whole, but not in part) at the option of the 
Issuer, at any time, at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as 
further described in Condition 4(f) (Make-Whole Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer in the case of Senior Preferred Notes)).  
Early Redemption of Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Gross-Up Event, a 
Tax Deduction Event, a Capital Event or (if specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms) an MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event. 
(See Condition 4(l) (Conditions to redemption prior to Maturity Date

--- Page 22 ---
EMEA 150012139 
22 
 
 
in the case of Subordinated Notes), Condition 4(e) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a Capital Event or a Tax 
Deduction Event with respect to Subordinated Notes and Condition 4(d) 
(Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification 
Event)). Subordinated Notes redeemed, as the case may be, upon the 
occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax Gross-Up Event or (if 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) an MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event shall be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount and Subordinated Notes redeemed, as the case may be, upon 
the occurrence of a Tax Deduction Event or a Capital Event shall be 
redeemed at their Optional Redemption Amount, in each case, together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer in the case of any Notes 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, redeem, 
in whole or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part the 
outstanding Notes on any Optional Redemption Date(s) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at 
their Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or as determined in 
the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date(s). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption at the option of the 
Issuer will be permitted before five (5) years after the Issue Date of such 
Subordinated Notes, except in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, if MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event is specified as applicable in respect of a series of 
Senior Preferred Notes, in the case of such Senior Preferred Notes, no 
redemption at the Option of the Issuer will be permitted before one (1) 
year after the Issue Date of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or such 
Senior Preferred Notes, except in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
(See Condition 4(g) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer in the case 
of any Notes)) 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if 75 per cent. or 
any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the initial 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series have been 
redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the 
Issuer may, at any time, at its option, redeem such outstanding Notes, 
in whole but not in part, at their Optional Redemption Amount (as 
further described in Condition 4(h) (Clean-up Redemption Option of the 
Issuer)). 
Redemption at the Option of holders of Senior Preferred Notes 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, upon the 
Noteholder giving notice to the Issuer, at the option of the holder of any 
Senior Preferred Note, redeem such Senior Preferred Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms at

--- Page 23 ---
EMEA 150012139 
23 
 
 
its Optional Redemption Amount being the principal amount together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
Purchases and Cancellation 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes at 
any price in the open market or otherwise, in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations. (See Condition 4(j) (Purchases)). Such Notes so 
purchased may be cancelled. 
Conditions to redemption prior to Maturity Date in the case of Senior 
Notes 
Senior Notes may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled, as the case 
may be, if the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority has given its prior permission to such redemption or purchase 
or cancellation, to the extent required by the Relevant Rules (with 
respect to Senior Preferred Notes). 
(See Condition 4(k) (Conditions to redemption prior to Maturity Date 
in the case of Senior Notes)) 
Conditions to redemption prior to Maturity Date in the case of 
Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled, as 
the case may be, subject to certain conditions, including but not limited, 
subject to the prior permission of Relevant Regulator. 
(See Condition 4(l) (Conditions to redemption prior to Maturity Date 
in the case of Subordinated Notes)) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
The Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount 
with respect to Zero Coupon Notes are calculated according to the 
specific provisions of Condition 4(b)(A). 
Redemption at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, certain Series of 
Notes may be redeemed at the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount. 
Substitution and 
variation in respect of 
English Law Notes: 
Substitution and variation of English Law Senior Notes 
The Issuer may decide to substitute English Law Senior Notes or to vary 
their terms so that they become or remain Qualifying Senior Notes.  
(see Condition 4(n) (Substitution and Variation with respect to 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes) 
Substitution and variation of English Law Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer may decide to substitute English Law Subordinated Notes or 
to vary their terms so that they become or remain Qualifying Tier 2 
Notes.

--- Page 24 ---
EMEA 150012139 
24 
 
 
(see Condition 4(o) (Substitution and Variation with respect to 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes) 
Denomination(s) of 
Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denomination(s) as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be at least 
such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant applicable laws or regulations. 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons, 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
natured imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law.  
Other than in relation to payments of principal in respect of the Notes, 
if French laws or regulations should require that payments of interest or 
other revenues in respect of the Notes and where applicable any related 
Receipts and Coupons be subject to withholding or deduction in respect 
of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts in respect of Notes and 
where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholders, or, if applicable the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that under certain circumstances no such additional 
amounts shall be payable.  
(See Condition 6(b) (Additional Amounts)) 
Negative Pledge: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Events of Default: 
Senior Preferred Notes 
Events of Default provisions shall apply in respect of any Tranche of 
Senior Preferred Notes unless the relevant Final Terms specify “No 
Event of Default”.  
Events of default provisions include: (i) default in the payment of any 
principal or interest due under the Notes on their due date and such 
default continues for a period of 30 days or more after written notice 
thereof is received by the Issuer from the Fiscal Agent, (ii) the failure 
to perform or observe any obligations under the Notes, (iii) the issuance 
of a judgement for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or the 
transfer of the whole of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) of 
the Issuer, or similar proceedings or (iv) sale, transfer or otherwise 
disposition of, directly or indirectly, the whole or a substantial part of

--- Page 25 ---
EMEA 150012139 
25 
 
 
its undertaking or assets, or the entry into or commencement of any 
proceedings in furtherance of voluntary liquidation or dissolution. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes 
There are no events of default in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or Subordinated Notes and Noteholders are not entitled in any event to 
require Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes to be 
redeemed prior to their Maturity Date.  
Nonetheless, when no Events of Default are applicable to the Notes, 
such Notes will only become immediately due and payable in the event 
that an order or an effective decision is made for the liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) of the Issuer or if the 
Issuer is liquidated for any other reason at their principal amount 
together with interest accrued thereon to the date of payment without 
any further formality.  
(See Condition 8 (Events of Default)) 
Waiver of Set-off: 
Unless “Waiver of Set-off” is specified as not applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Noteholders shall be deemed to have waived all 
Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law 
in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities.  
(See Condition 11 (Waiver of Set-off)) 
Acknowledgement of 
Bail-In and and Loss 
Absorption Powers: 
By the acquisition of Notes, each holder of such Notes and, if 
applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons acknowledges, accepts, 
consents and agrees to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-
in Power or Loss Absorption Power of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
(See Condition 10 (Acknowledgment of Bail-In and Loss Absorption 
Powers)) 
Ratings: 
At the date of the Base Prospectus, the long term Senior Preferred Notes 
of the Issuer have been assigned a rating of A+ by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (“S&P”), Aa3 by Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s”) 
and AA- by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch Ratings”). 
At the date of the Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term Issuer Credit 
Rating (ICR) is A+ by S&P, the Issuer’s long-term Issuer Default Rating 
(IDR) is A+ by Fitch Ratings and the Issuer’s long-term rating is Aa3 
by Moody’s.  
S&P, Moody’s and Fitch Ratings are all established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. S&P, Moody's and Fitch Ratings 
are included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation published on the European Securities and 
Markets Authority's website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). Tranches of Notes issued under the 
Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings 
of the Issuer. The rating of Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will

--- Page 26 ---
EMEA 150012139 
26 
 
 
not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Notes already 
issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will 
be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation and/or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation (as defined below) or certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning credit rating agency without notice. 
The ratings issued by S&P, Moody's and Fitch Ratings are, as the case 
may be, endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or certified under 
UK CRA Regulation. 
Listing and Admission 
to Trading: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris or any Regulated Market in the EEA, as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer may also issue Notes 
under the programme for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation, including the Notes 
admitted to trading or listed on any market or stock exchange that is not 
a Regulated Market or unlisted Notes. The relevant Final Terms in 
respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes 
will be listed and admitted to trading on any such market or stock 
exchange 
Method of Publication 
of this Base 
Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto and the Final Terms 
related to the Notes listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or 
on any Regulated Market in the EEA will be published on the websites 
of 
the 
AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) 
and 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr). 
Governing Laws: 
English Law Notes  
The Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law 
except for Condition 2 (Status of the Notes) which is governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
French Law Notes 
The Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions. See section “Subscription and 
Sale”. The Notes constitute Category 2 securities for the purposes of

--- Page 27 ---
EMEA 150012139 
27 
 
 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended. 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury 
Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 
4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code")) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that 
such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury 
Regulations 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(or 
any 
successor 
rules 
in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 
4701 of the Code) (the "C Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute "registration 
required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA 
is not applicable. 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes. 
Issue 
Specific 
Summary 
For English Law Notes and French Law Notes with a denomination of 
less than €100,000 to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in 
the European Economic Area and/or offered to the public in the 
European Economic Area, an issue specific summary will be annexed 
to the relevant Final Terms. 
Available information:  
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Programme, 
copies of documents relating to the Issuer (statuts and reports, letters 
and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert 
at the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this 
Base Prospectus), will, when published, be available on the website of 
the Issuer (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/). 
The (i) Base Prospectus together with all supplements thereto from time 
to time, (ii) any translations of the offering documentation prepared in 
the context of a non-exempt offer of the Notes (if applicable) and the 
Final Terms related to Notes listed and admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market of the EEA, or offered through a non-exempt offer in 
a Member State of the EEA, and (iii) the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus will be available on the website of the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (www.amf-france.org) (in relation to 
(i) 
and 
(ii) 
above) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/) (in relation to (i) and (iii) above).

--- Page 28 ---
EMEA 150012139 
28 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following risk factors or, as the case may be, incorporated by reference, may affect its 
ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme.  
Risk factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer or the Group and/or the Notes and material for an 
informed investment decision with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are also described 
below. 
The Issuer believes that the risk factors described below or, as the case may be, incorporated by reference 
represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the 
Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons. 
The Issuer makes no representation that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are 
exhaustive. 
Prospective purchasers of Notes should consider carefully, in light of their financial circumstances and investment 
objectives, all of the information in this Base Prospectus in conjunction with the other information contained or 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, the risk factors set forth below and any Final Terms in making 
an investment decision. 
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risk, in its assessment, taking into account 
the expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Words and expressions defined in the other sections of this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning in this 
section, unless otherwise specified.  
In this section, reference to a “Condition” is a reference to the numbered paragraphs in the English Law 
Conditions and/or the French Law Conditions, unless otherwise specified. 
I. 
Risks relating to the Issuer and its operations 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and its operations which could adversely affect the Group’s profitability 
are set out on pages 380 to 389 of the 2023 URD (as defined in “Documents Incorporated by Reference”) 
and are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, with the exception of the first sentence of 
paragraph (d) “More difficult access to market refinancing” of the risk factor 5.2.2.1 “Liquidity risk” set out 
in Chapter 5 “Risks and Capital Adequacy – Pillar 3” on pages 383 to 384 of the 2023 URD, which for the 
purposes of this Base Prospectus is replaced by the following: 
“More difficult access to market refinancing 
A tense geopolitical or political context (including political tensions in France) and uncertainty in the 
financial sector may lead to the closure of the medium- and long-term refinancing market.” 
II. Risks relating to the Notes  
1. 
Risks for the Noteholders as creditors of the Issuer  
1.1 The Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion to equity under European and French laws relating 
to bank recovery and resolution 
The BRRD, as transposed into French law pursuant to the Ordonnance, and the SRM Regulation (each as defined 
in the section headed “French and European regulatory frameworks”) provide resolution authorities with write-
down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments (including tier 2 instruments, such as the Subordinated 
Notes) and bail-inable liabilities (including other subordinated debts such as Subordinated Notes issued on or after 
28 December 2020 if and when they completely cease to constitute Tier 2 Capital instruments and deeply 
subordinated obligations issued on or after 28 December 2020 if and when they completely cease to constitute

--- Page 29 ---
EMEA 150012139 
29 
 
 
additional tier 1 instruments and senior debt instruments such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Senior 
Preferred Notes, if junior instruments such as the Subordinated Notes, prove insufficient to absorb losses) absorb 
losses of the issuing institution that is subject to resolution in accordance with a set order of priority (the “Bail-in 
Power”) if the issuing institution or the group to which it belongs is deemed by the Relevant Resolution Authority 
to be at the point of non-viability.  
Subject to certain exceptions, such Bail-in Power will be applied such that losses would be borne first by 
shareholders, then by holders of capital instruments (including Subordinated Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Capital 
instruments), then by holders of subordinated debt instruments (such as Disqualified Subordinated Notes), then 
by holders of senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), then by holders of 
senior preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Preferred Notes) and depositors of the Issuer (other than in 
respect of covered deposits and eligible deposits of natural persons and of small and medium-sized enterprises) 
which rank pari passu with holders of senior preferred debt instruments and then finally by depositors, in 
accordance with the order of claims provided by Article L.613-30-3 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
In April 2023, the European Commission released a proposal to amend the BRRD according to which senior 
preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes) would no longer rank pari passu with any non-covered 
non-preferred deposits of the Issuer; instead, senior preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes) 
would rank junior in right of payment to the claims of all depositors. This proposal is still subject to further 
discussions. If the European Commission proposal is adopted as is, its implementation may increase the risk of 
an investor in Senior Preferred Notes losing all or some of its investment in the context of the exercise of the Bail-
in Power. The proposal may also lead to a rating downgrade for senior preferred debt instruments (such as Senior 
Preferred Notes). See “– Risks related to the market for the Notes and credit ratings – Credit ratings may not 
reflect all the risks associated with the investment in the Notes and the ratings reduction may result in a reduction 
in the trading value of the Notes” for further information on credit ratings. 
The Resolution Authority may also, independently of a resolution measure or in combination with a resolution 
measure, fully or partially write down or convert capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments 
such as the Subordinated Notes) into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership, if certain conditions are 
met. Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Loss Absorption 
Powers) contains provisions giving effect to the Bail-in Power in the context of resolution and write-down or 
conversion of capital instruments at the point of non-viability. 
The Bail-in Power could result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial write-down or conversion into ordinary shares 
or other instruments of ownership of the Notes, or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the variation of the 
terms of the Notes (for example, the maturity and/or interest payable may be altered and/or a temporary suspension 
of payments may be ordered). In exceptional circumstances, where the Bail-In Power is applied, the Resolution 
Authority may, pursuant to Article 44(3) of the BRRD, exclude, in full or in part, certain liabilities from the 
application of the write-down or conversions powers and, as a consequence, certain investors having the same 
rank in the hierarchy of claims may not be treated equally in the resolution procedure. The exercise of any of these 
powers may adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and Noteholders may lose all or some of their investment 
in the Notes. 
The exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority depends on certain factors and will be 
outside of the Issuer’s control. In addition, as the Relevant Resolution Authority retains an element of discretion 
and may exercise any of its powers without prior notice to the holders of any securities, Noteholders may not be 
able to refer to publicly available criteria in order to anticipate any potential exercise of any such Bail-in Power 
or the way in which the Relevant Resolution Authority will conduct a resolution procedure. 
In addition, the BRRD and the SRM provide that the resolution authorities must exercise the write-down of capital 
instruments or the conversion into common equity tier 1 instruments of additional tier 1 instruments and tier 2 
instruments (such as the Qualifying Subordinated Notes) if the institution has not yet been placed in resolution 
but any of the following conditions are met: (i) where the determination has been made that conditions for

--- Page 30 ---
EMEA 150012139 
30 
 
 
resolution have been met, before any resolution action is taken, (ii) the appropriate authority determines that unless 
that power is exercised in relation to the relevant capital instruments, the institution or the group will no longer be 
viable or (iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the institution. Moreover, national 
governmental authorities may adopt restructuring measures which may include the full or partial write-down or 
conversion into equity of capital instruments (such as the Qualifying Subordinated Notes) outside of resolution 
(i.e. outside of the BRRD framework) under the European Commission’s State Aid framework if the institution 
requires exceptional public financial support. 
Any failure by the Issuer and/or the MREL Group (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) to comply 
with its MREL requirements may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s or the Crédit Mutuel Group’s 
business, financial conditions and results of operations and could result, among other things, in the imposition of 
restrictions on payments by the Issuer.  
In addition, the application of any measure under the BRRD and BRRD II French implementing provisions or any 
suggestion of such application with respect to the Issuer and Crédit Mutuel Group could, with respect to capital 
instruments such as the Subordinated Notes (so long as they constitute Tier Capital 2 instruments fully or partially) 
and bail-inable liabilities (including other subordinated obligations, such as Subordinated Notes issued on or after 
28 December 2020 if and when they completely cease to constitute Tier 2 Capital instruments and deeply 
subordinated obligations issued on or after 28 December 2020 if and when they completely cease to constitute 
additional tier 1 instruments), materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of an 
investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes, and as a result, 
Noteholders may lose their entire investment.  
The existence of the Bail-in Power or the exercise of write-down/conversion powers or any other resolution tools 
by the Resolution Authority independently of a resolution measure or in combination with a resolution measure 
when it determines that the institution or its group will no longer be viable could cause the market price or value 
of the Notes to decline more rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such powers. 
Therefore, the application of any measure under the BRRD and BRRD II French implementing provisions or 
under the SRM Regulation or any suggestion of such application to the Issuer and/or the Crédit Mutuel Group 
could materially and adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and/or the price or value of their investment in any 
Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes, and as a result Noteholders may 
lose their entire investment. These risks apply equally to Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds issued under the 
Programme. 
1.2 Noteholders’ returns may be limited or delayed by the insolvency of the Issuer  
The Issuer is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where 
applicable, the “centre of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848 or, where applicable, 
Article R.600-1 of the French Code de commerce, as amended) of the Issuer is located in France. 
The Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, 
and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of 
debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132, has been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 2021-
1193 dated 15 September 2021 (the “2021 Ordonnance”). The 2021 Ordonnance, applicable as from 1 October 
2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans in the 
event of a safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de 
sauvegarde accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) with a view 
to restructure the Issuer’s indebtedness being opened in France with respect to the Issuer and the Crédit Mutuel 
Group. 
The draft safeguard plan (plan de sauvegarde) or accelerated safeguard plan (plan de sauvegarde accélérée) 
prepared by the relevant debtor, with the assistance of the court-appointed administrator, is submitted to the vote

--- Page 31 ---
EMEA 150012139 
31 
 
 
(at a two-third majority in value) of each class of affected parties. Such affected parties cannot propose their own 
competing plan in safeguard or accelerated safeguard procedures (as opposed to judicial reorganisation 
proceedings).  
In this event, the Noteholders shall be treated as “affected parties” to the extent their rights are impacted by the 
draft plan and assigned to a class of affected parties. The “affected parties” (including notably creditors, and 
therefore the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the 
purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims 
or rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of economic interest based on objective and verifiable criteria.  
Noteholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they 
will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the 
Noteholders will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their 
dissenting vote may possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
Both the scopes of the Directive (EU) 2019/1023 and the 2021 Ordonnance do not cover financial institutions, 
unless the competent authority chooses to make them applicable. In such a case, the application of French 
insolvency law to a credit institution as the Issuer is also subject to the prior permission of the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution before the opening of any safeguard, judicial reorganisation or judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) procedures. This limitation could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the 
Noteholders to recover their investments in the Notes. 
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have 
a material adverse effect on the market value of Notes issued by the Issuer. As a consequence, any decisions taken 
by a class of affected parties could negatively and significantly impact the Noteholders and, depending on 
decisions, cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they not be able to recover all or part of the 
amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
1.3 The Terms and Conditions of the Notes may contain a waiver of set-off rights 
In Condition 11 (Waiver of Set-Off), unless “Waiver of Set-off” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the holders of Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipt and/or Coupon waive any right of or claims 
of set-off, netting, compensation, retention and counterclaim (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such 
rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort 
or any non-contractual obligations, in each case whether or not relating to the Notes, and where applicable, any 
related Receipts and/or Coupons) in relation to the Notes, and where applicable, any related Receipts and/or 
Coupons, to the extent permitted by applicable law. 
As a result, Noteholders may not at any time be able to set-off the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes against 
obligations owed by them to the Issuer, and more generally to exercise or claim any set-off right. 
2. 
Risks related to the market for the Notes and credit ratings  
2.1 Market value of the Notes  
The value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness and/or the credit ratings of the Issuer, as well as a 
number of interrelated factors such as economic, financial, regulatory and political conditions and, to varying 
degrees, interest rates, yield rates, currency exchange rates and inflation rates in other European and industrialised 
countries and the time remaining to the Maturity Date. 
The value of the Notes also depends on the stock exchanges (if any) on which the Notes are or may be traded.  
Certain events in France, Europe or elsewhere may cause market volatility and such volatility may adversely affect 
the price of Notes. Consequently, the Noteholders may lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
The market value of the Subordinated Notes could also be adversely impacted by any write-down of or similar 
event relating to capital instruments of other issuers and their respective groups. While under the resolution

--- Page 32 ---
EMEA 150012139 
32 
 
 
framework in the European Union, common equity instruments are the first ones to absorb losses, and only after 
their full use would additional tier 1 capital instruments be required to be converted or written down, any future 
announcement of a write-down of subordinated notes or other capital instruments of a financial institution whether 
in a European Member State or elsewhere, and whether or not in connection with a resolution proceeding 
(particularly, in the latter case, if the ordinary hierarchy of creditors is not respected), could have a significant 
adverse impact on the market value of the Subordinated Notes, regardless of whether a similar situation would be 
dictated by the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes. 
2.2 A trading market for the Notes may not develop or continue  
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop, or, if one does develop, such market may not be 
maintained. The liquidity and the value of the Notes can be expected to vary with changes in market and economic 
conditions, Issuer’s creditworthiness and/or the credit ratings and other factors that generally influence the market 
prices of securities. Therefore, Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market.  
Although the relevant Final Terms may provide that application is made for a Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on any regulated market and/or on any stock exchange, such 
particular application may not be accepted, such Series of Notes may not be so admitted or an active trading 
market in respect of such Series may not develop or, once accepted and/or admitted, such admission and/or listing 
may be suspended or terminated during the life of the Notes of such Series. If an active trading market for the 
Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be 
adversely affected. Such situation could materially affect the market value of the Notes. 
The Issuer is entitled to issue further Notes, as described in Condition 13 (Further Issues and Consolidation). 
Such transactions may adversely affect the price development of the Notes. If additional and competing products 
are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
2.3 Credit ratings may not reflect all the risks associated with the investment in the Notes and the ratings 
reduction may result in a reduction in the trading value of the Notes 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the long term Senior Preferred Notes of the Issuer have been assigned a 
rating of A+ by S&P, Aa3 by Moody’s and AA- by Fitch Ratings.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s long-term Issuer Credit Rating (ICR) is A+ by S&P, the Issuer’s 
long-term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) is A+ by Fitch Ratings and the Issuer’s long-term rating is Aa3 by Moody’s.  
An issue of Notes may be rated by S&P, Moody’s and/or Fitch Ratings. 
If any rating assigned to the Issuer, the Programme and/or the Notes is revised, lowered, suspended, withdrawn 
or not maintained by the Issuer, this may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. Further, independent 
credit rating agencies (such as Moody's, S&P and Fitch Ratings) may assign unsolicited ratings to the Notes. If 
non-solicited ratings are assigned, such ratings may differ from, or be lower than, the ratings sought by the Issuer 
which may also adversely affect the market value of the Notes. Ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the credit rating agencies at any time and may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors.  
2.4 Changes in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a substantial loss 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating 
to currency conversions if the purchaser’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to the devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the purchaser’s currency relative to the Specified

--- Page 33 ---
EMEA 150012139 
33 
 
 
Currency would decrease (a) the purchaser’s currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (b) the purchaser’s currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the purchaser’s currency-equivalent market value 
of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than expected as 
measured in the Investor’s Currency. 
3. 
Risks related to the structure and features of a particular issue of Notes 
3.1 Risks related to the features, status and eligibility of a particular issue of Notes 
3.1.1 The Issuer is not prohibited from incurring further indebtedness, which may rank senior to, or pari passu 
with, Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes 
There is no restriction in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes on the amount of indebtedness that the Issuer may 
incur that ranks senior to, or pari passu with, Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as the case 
may be, Subordinated Notes and the aggregate amount due under such outstanding debt may be substantial.  
The Issuer’s incurrence of additional debt may have important consequences for Noteholders in the Notes, 
including increasing the risk of the Issuer’s inability to satisfy its obligations with respect to the Notes, a loss in 
the market value of the Notes, if any; and a downgrading or withdrawal of the credit rating of the Notes (if any) 
The incurrence of any such additional indebtedness may also reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders in 
respect of any such Notes upon the Issuer's bankruptcy. If the Issuer's financial condition were to deteriorate, the 
relevant Noteholders could suffer direct and materially adverse consequences, including suspension of interest 
and reduction of interest and principal and, if the Issuer were liquidated, the relevant Noteholders could suffer 
loss of their entire investment. 
3.1.2 Absence of, or limited, events of default in respect of the Notes, no cross default or cross acceleration 
under the Notes 
Unless the relevant Final Terms specify that no event of default shall be applicable in respect of a Tranche of 
Senior Preferred Notes, such Senior Preferred Notes may become due and payable at their principal amount 
together with any accrued interest thereon following the occurrence of an event of default in respect of the Senior 
Preferred Notes. Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes do not contain any events of default. 
When Condition 8 (Events of Default) applies to the Notes, the Noteholders may only give notice that such Notes 
are immediately due and repayable in a limited number of events of default. Such events of default do not include, 
for example, a cross-default or cross-acceleration of the Issuer’s other debt obligations or failure by the Issuer to 
apply the net proceeds of the Notes for any Eligible Loans (see risk factor 3.1.6 “Risks relating to Green, Social 
or Sustainability Bonds”).  
When Condition 8 (Events of Default) does not apply to the Notes, the Noteholders will not be able to accelerate 
the maturity of such Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under such Notes, Noteholders 
will not have the right to accelerate payment of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to 
Noteholders and, where applicable, holders of any related Receipts and Coupons for recovery of amounts owing 
in respect of any payment of principal or interest on the Notes will be the institution of judicial proceedings to 
enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such 
proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. 
For the avoidance of doubt, this applies to any Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds issued as Tier 2 Capital or 
eligible liabilities in the same manner. 
Therefore, when only limited Events of Default are applicable or no Events of Default are applicable, the liquidity 
and market value of the Notes may be adversely affected and Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market 
could lose all or part of their investment if the Crédit Mutuel Group or the Issuer faces financial difficulties or, as

--- Page 34 ---
EMEA 150012139 
34 
 
 
the case may be, if the Issuer fails to meet any obligations under such Notes.  
3.1.3 Subordinated Notes constitute subordinated obligations ranking junior to the Senior Notes and or 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of Article L.228-97 of the French Code de commerce. 
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes and any related Receipts and Coupons are unsecured and 
subordinated and will rank junior in priority of payment to all creditors benefiting from a higher ranking (including 
depositors) of the Issuer including holders of Senior Notes, holders of Disqualified Subordinated Notes and 
holders of Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Notes, as more fully described in Condition 2(b) (Status of Subordinated 
Notes).  
In the event of the liquidation of the Issuer or any bankruptcy proceedings or other similar proceedings affecting 
the Issuer, the rights to payment of the holders of the Subordinated Notes and any related Receipts or Coupons 
will be subordinated to the payment in full of present and future creditors benefiting from a higher ranking, 
including those referred to above; and, subject to such payment in full, holders of the Subordinated Notes and any 
related Receipts or Coupons will be paid in priority to any prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, any titres 
participatifs issued by it and any deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer (obligations dites "super 
subordonnées", i.e., engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). Consequently, the risk of non-payment for the 
Subordinated Notes which are recognized as capital instruments could be increased. 
In the event of incomplete payment of creditors benefiting from a higher ranking than the holders of Subordinated 
Notes in case of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated 
Notes and any related Receipts or Coupons will be terminated by operation of law and Noteholders will lose their 
investment in the Subordinated Notes.  
Holders of Subordinated Notes and any such Receipts or Coupons will be responsible for taking all steps necessary 
for the orderly accomplishment of any collective proceedings or voluntary liquidation in relation to any claims 
they may have against the Issuer (see also the last paragraph of Condition 2(b) (Status of the Notes)). 
Subordinated Noteholders face an increased risk compared to holders of Senior Notes. There is a substantial risk 
that Noteholders in the Subordinated Notes could lose all or some of their investment should the Issuer become 
subject to a resolution procedure or insolvent.  
3.1.4 Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes including, where applicable, any, related Receipts and Coupons, will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as senior non-preferred obligations (as 
provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the French Code monétaire et financier) and therefore will rank junior 
in priority of payment to the senior preferred obligations of the Issuer (including the Senior Preferred Notes), as 
more fully described in Condition 2(a)(ii) (“Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes”). 
In the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if 
the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
including, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons, shall be subordinated to the payment in full of all 
present or future senior preferred creditors and holders of, or creditors in respect of, senior preferred obligations 
(within the meaning of Article L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier) expressed by their 
terms to rank in priority to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (collectively, “Senior Preferred Creditors”). 
Subject to such payment in full, holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts 
and Coupons shall be paid in priority to any subordinated obligations of the Issuer and any obligations ranking 
junior to subordinated obligations.  
In the event of incomplete payment of Senior Preferred Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons will be terminated and

--- Page 35 ---
EMEA 150012139 
35 
 
 
holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes may lose all of their investment.  
The holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons shall be 
responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in 
relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
As a consequence, holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes bear significantly more risk than holders of senior 
preferred obligations (such as the Senior Preferred Notes), could lose all or some of their investment should the 
Issuer become subject to a resolution procedure or insolvent. 
3.1.5 Green, Social and Sustainable Bonds remain subject to bail-in and other regulatory requirements 
Notes constituting Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities under MREL may also be Green, Social or Sustainable 
Bonds. Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds will be subject to the bail-in tool and to write down and conversion 
powers, and in general to the powers that may be exercised by the Relevant Resolution Authority, to the same 
extent and with the same ranking as any other Note which is not a Green, Social or Sustainability Bond (see "Risks 
related to the structure and features of a particular issue of Notes – Risks relating to Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds"). 
Likewise, Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds, as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of 
CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, 
proceeds from Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover 
all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their “green”, “social” or “sustainable” label. Additionally, 
their labelling as Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds (i) will not affect the regulatory treatment of such Notes 
as Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL (as applicable), if such Notes are also 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes eligible to comply with MREL 
requirements; and (ii) will not have any impact on their status as indicated in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. 
3.1.6 Risks relating to Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds 
The Final Terms relating to Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds will provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention 
to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issue of those Notes to Eligible Loans of the Issuer (as defined 
in the “Use of Proceeds” below and further described in the Issuer’s Green, Social or Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time)).  
The Issuer will apply processes for project evaluation and selection, management of proceeds and reporting 
consistent with guidelines published by the International Capital Markets Association set out in the GBP, the SBP 
and the SBG (all as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” below). 
Vigeo Eiris has been appointed to provide a Second Party Opinion on the Green, Social or Sustainability Bond 
Framework, assessing the environmental and social added value of the Green, Social or Sustainability Bond 
Framework and its alignment with the Green Bond Principles 2021 (the “GBP”) and the Social Bond Principles 
2021 (the “SBP”), each published by the International Capital Markets Association in its 2018 edition and updated 
in 2021. 
However, it should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, or market consensus as to what 
constitutes or may be classified as, a “green”, “environmental” or sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project 
or investment that may finance such project is evolving. Therefore, there is no certainty as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, “environmental” or “sustainable” or such 
other equivalent label and, if developed in the future, the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds may not comply 
with any such definition or label. 
Additionally, while it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green, 
Social or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in “Use of Proceeds” section of this

--- Page 36 ---
EMEA 150012139 
36 
 
 
Base Prospectus as completed or specified in the relevant Final Terms, for reasons outside the Issuer’s control, 
the projects financed by the Eligible Loans might not be completed within any specified period or at all or with 
the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the 
Issuer or, for reasons outside the Issuer’s control, adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts could occur 
during the implementation of the projects financed by the Eligible Loans.  
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of any issue of Green, Social or Sustainability 
Bonds for any Eligible Loans for reasons outside the Issuer’s control or to obtain and publish any such reports, 
assessments, opinions and certifications (for instance, necessary reports of the Issuer’s borrowers in relation to 
the underlying Eligible Loans) or the fact that the maturity of an eligible green or social asset or project may not 
match the minimum duration of any Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds for reasons outside the Issuer’s control 
will not (i) constitute an Event of Default under the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds or a default of the Issuer 
for any purpose, (ii) give rise to any other claim or right (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to 
accelerate the Notes) of a Noteholder against the Issuer, (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem the 
Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to 
exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes or (iv) affect the regulatory treatment of the Green, 
Social or Sustainability Bonds as Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL, if such Notes are 
also Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes, as the case may be, eligible to 
comply with MREL requirements (see "Risks related to the structure and features of a particular issue of Notes 
– Green, Social and Sustainable Bonds remain subject to bail-in and other regulatory requirements"). For the 
avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred right 
against such assets.  
Any such event or failure and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect on 
the value, liquidity and marketability of the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds and/or result in adverse 
consequences for Noteholders with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Moreover, the allocation reporting will be available to investors solely once per year and will only produce the 
total amount allocated to the various categories of projects included in the Eligible Loans. Thus, investors will not 
have exhaustive visibility on the projects included in the Eligible Loans. Any failure to use the net proceeds from 
such Notes on projects included in the Eligible Loans or to meet or continue to meet the investment requirements 
of certain environmentally, socially or sustainably focused investors with respect to such Notes may affect the 
value of the Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green, 
social and/or sustainable assets and consequently, Noteholders could be adversely affected. 
3.1.7 Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Condition 9 (Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications) contains provisions for the calling of meetings of 
Noteholders or consulting them by way of Written Resolutions to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally (it being specified that if the relevant Final Terms in respect of a series of French Law Notes specify 
“No Masse”, Noteholders will not be grouped in a masse having legal personality governed by the provisions of 
the French Code de commerce and will not be represented by a representative of the Masse), including the 
modification of such Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
Those provisions permit according to certain defined majority rules to bind all Noteholders, including (i) 
Noteholders who did not attend or vote at the relevant meeting, (ii) Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the relevant majority or (iii) with respect to a Written Resolution, Noteholders who did not respond to, or 
rejected the relevant Written Resolution. 
Certain decisions of the general meeting of the Noteholders or certain Written Resolutions could amend the Terms 
and Conditions of the relevant Notes in a manner which could impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders, which 
may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
EMEA 150012139 
37 
 
 
3.1.8 Substitution and variation of any English law-governed Notes without Noteholder consent 
With respect to a Series of English law-governed Notes, subject as provided herein, in particular to the provisions 
of Condition 4(n) (Substitution and Variation with respect to Senior Notes) of the English Law Conditions or, as 
the case may be, the last paragraph of Condition 4(o) (Substitution and Variation with respect to Subordinated 
Notes) of the English Law Conditions, in the event that a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event (if specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms in respect of a relevant Tranche of Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes), Withholding Tax Event, Tax Gross-Up Event or Special Event (in respect of Subordinated Notes), occurs 
and is continuing in respect of such a Series of Notes or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 10 (Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Write-Down or Conversion Powers), the Issuer may, at its option 
and without the consent or approval of the holders of such Notes including, where applicable, any related Receipts 
and/or Coupons, elect either to (i) substitute all (but not some only) of such Series of Notes or (ii) vary the terms 
of all (but not some only) of such Series of Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying Senior Notes or, as 
the case may be, Qualifying Tier 2 Notes. 
Due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Tier 2 Notes, 
as the case may be, may not be as favourable to each Noteholder in all respects or, if it were entitled to do so, a 
particular Noteholder may not make the same determination as the Issuer as to whether the terms of the relevant 
Qualifying Senior Notes or relevant Qualifying Tier 2 Notes, as the case may be, are not materially less favourable 
to Noteholders than the terms of the English Law Notes. As a consequence, the market value of such Notes may 
decrease significantly, and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
3.1.9 Risks related to English law Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: Definitive Bearer 
Notes  
In relation to any issue of English Law Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount (which for the avoidance of doubt will 
not be the case for English Law Notes listed in Euronext Paris), it is possible that such Notes may be traded in 
amounts in excess of such Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such Specified Denomination. 
In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive 
Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to 
one or more Specified Denominations. 
If Definitive Bearer Notes are issued, Definitive Bearer Notes which have a denomination that is not an integral 
multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. In such circumstances, 
the value of such Notes may be negatively affected and Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment. 
3.1.10 Risks relating to Notes denominated in Renminbi  
In accordance with Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may issue Notes denominated in Renminbi 
(“RMB”). RMB Notes contain particular risks for potential Noteholders. 
RMB is not freely convertible at present. The People’s Republic of China (PRC) government continues to regulate 
conversion between RMB and foreign currencies. The PRC government may not continue to gradually liberalise 
its control over cross-border RMB remittances in the future, the schemes for RMB cross-border utilisation may 
be discontinued or new PRC regulations may be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or 
eliminating the remittance of RMB outside the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC 
in RMB, this may affect the overall availability of RMB outside of the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source 
RMB to finance its obligations under the RMB Notes. Furthermore, as a result of the restrictions by the PRC 
government on cross-border RMB funds flows, there is only limited availability of RMB outside of the PRC, 
which may affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes and the Issuer’s ability to source RMB outside of the PRC to 
service the RMB Notes. New PRC regulations may be promulgated or the settlement agreements relating to the 
clearing of RMB business between the People’s Bank of China (PBOC) and its designated RMB clearing banks

--- Page 38 ---
EMEA 150012139 
38 
 
 
in the RMB clearing centres may be terminated or amended in the future, which may have the effect of restricting 
the availability of RMB outside the PRC. 
Except in limited circumstances, all payments of RMB under RMB Notes to a Noteholder will be made solely by 
transfer to a RMB bank account maintained in Hong Kong by such Noteholder in accordance with the prevailing 
rules and regulations and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. RMB is not freely convertible 
at present, and conversion of RMB into other currencies through banks in Hong Kong may be subject to certain 
restrictions. For example, Noteholders may be required to provide certifications and other information (including 
RMB account information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in RMB in accordance with the RMB 
clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong.  
In addition, access to RMB for the purposes of making payments under the Notes or generally may remain or may 
become restricted. If access to RMB deliverable in Hong Kong becomes restricted to the extent that the Issuer is 
unable to pay interest or principal in RMB in Hong Kong by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or 
Illiquidity, the terms of the RMB Notes allow the Issuer to make payment in U.S. dollars at the prevailing spot 
rate of exchange. If the value of RMB depreciates against the U.S. dollar, the value of the investment in U.S. 
dollars will decline. 
Furthermore, the market value of RMB against the Hong Kong dollar and other foreign currencies fluctuates and 
is affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other factors. 
All payments of interest and principal will be made in RMB with respect to RMB Notes unless otherwise specified. 
As a result, the value of these RMB payments may fluctuate as a result of the changes in the prevailing exchange 
rates in the market. If the market value of RMB depreciates against the Hong Kong dollar or other foreign 
currencies, the market value of a Noteholder's investment in RMB Notes in foreign currency terms will decline, 
and Noteholders may incur losses. 
3.1.11 Subordinated Notes may change rank depending on their recognition as own funds of the Issuer, without 
Noteholder consent 
Article 48(7) of BRRD, as amended by BRRD II provides that Member States shall ensure that all claims resulting 
from own funds instruments, as defined by the CRR (hereafter the “Own Funds”) (such as the Subordinated 
Notes and additional tier 1 capital Instruments of the Issuer) have, in normal insolvency proceedings, a lower 
priority ranking than any claim that does not result from Own Funds. Member States of the EEA had to implement 
into national law and apply these rules no later than 28 December 2020. 
Consequently, upon entry into force of the relevant provisions of Ordinance No.2020-1636 dated 21 December 
2020 relating to the resolution regime in the banking sector (the “Ordinance”), Article 48(7) of BRRD has been 
implemented under French law in Article L. 613-30-3-I of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Therefore, as long as the Subordinated Notes issued after 28 December 2020 are recognized as Tier 2 Capital, 
they will rank as Qualifying Subordinated Notes, and, if they are no longer recognized as Tier 2 Capital, they will 
automatically rank as Disqualified Subordinated Notes, as provided in Condition 2 (Status of the Notes), without 
any action from the Issuer and without obtaining any requirement that the consent of the holders of such 
Subordinated Notes or any other Notes be obtained.  
All subordinated notes or deeply subordinated notes issued by the Issuer prior to the date of entry into force of the 
Ordinance that are, or have been, fully or partially recognized as Own Funds of the Issuer, rank and as long as 
they are outstanding will rank as Tier 2 Capital instruments or additional tier 1 capital instruments of the Issuer as 
the case may be, in accordance with their contractual terms. 
As a result, should they become no longer recognized as Tier 2 Capital or additional tier 1 capital, obligations 
with a higher priority ranking than the Subordinated Notes may, in the future, include obligations that would have 
ranked junior to, or pari passu with the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
EMEA 150012139 
39 
 
 
Subject to such payment in full, holders of Disqualified Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Receipts and Coupons shall be paid in priority to any holder of Subordinated Notes of the Issuer and any 
obligations ranking junior to the Subordinated Notes such as additional tier 1 instruments of the Issuer. 
In the event of incomplete payment of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection 
with the Disqualified Subordinated Notes and Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Receipts and Coupons will be terminated. The holders of Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Receipts and Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any 
such liquidation of the Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
3.2 Risks related to early redemption of the Notes and to interest rates applicable to the Notes  
3.2.1 Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax Gross-Up Event, as provided in Condition 4(c) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may, at its option, subject 
to (i) in respect of Senior Notes, the prior approval of the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, if, with respect to Senior Preferred Notes, this is required, and (ii) in respect of Subordinated Notes, 
Condition 4(l) (Conditions to redemption prior to Maturity Date in the case of Subordinated Notes), redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes at their Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with accrued 
interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer pursuant Condition 
4(g) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer in the case of any Notes), the Issuer may at its option, subject to (i) 
in respect of Senior Notes, the prior approval of the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
if, with respect to Senior Preferred Notes, this is required, and (ii) in respect of Subordinated Notes, Condition 
4(l) (Conditions to redemption prior to Maturity Date in the case of Subordinated Notes), redeem in whole or in 
part, of the Notes on the Optional Redemption Date(s) provided in the relevant Final Terms at their Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with accrued interest.  
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and if a part at least equal to the Clean-up Percentage of the 
initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series has been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf 
of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Notes may be redeemed (in whole, but not in part) at the option of the Issuer, 
subject to prior approval of the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, if required, at their 
Optional Redemption Amount, together, if appropriate, with accrued interest (as further described in Condition 
4(h) (Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer)). 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes may be redeemed (in whole, but not 
in part) at the option of the Issuer, at any time, at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount (as further described in 
Condition 4(f) (Make-Whole Redemption at the Option of the Issuer in the case of Senior Preferred Notes)). 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes 
may be redeemed (in whole, but not in part only) at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event as provided in Condition 4(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event), subject to prior approval of the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, at their Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with accrued interest. 
Subordinated Notes, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, may be redeemed (in whole, but not in 
part only) at the option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event as provided 
in Condition 4(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event), subject as 
provided in Condition 4(l) (Conditions to redemption prior to Maturity Date in the case of Subordinated Notes). 
In respect of Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of a Capital Event or a Tax Deduction Event as provided 
in Condition 4(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a Capital Event or a Tax Deduction 
Event with respect to Subordinated Notes), the Issuer may, at its option, subject as provided in Condition 4(l)

--- Page 40 ---
EMEA 150012139 
40 
 
 
(Conditions to redemption prior to Maturity Date in the case of Subordinated Notes), redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Subordinated Notes at their Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with accrued 
interest. 
The Issuer may choose to redeem the Notes at times when prevailing interest rates may be relatively low. During 
a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem Notes, such Notes may feature a market value not 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. In such circumstances a Noteholder may not be able 
to reinvest, following redemption of the Notes by the Issuer, the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at 
an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes and may only be able to do so at a lower rate. 
Additionally, the redemption amount of the Notes may be below their nominal amount and market value. This 
could have a material adverse effect and Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Furthermore, any actual exercise or perceived increase in the likelihood of the exercise of any of the options 
described above could have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.  
A partial redemption at the option of the Issuer or a redemption at the option of the Noteholders may affect the 
liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised, depending on the number 
of Notes of the same Series in respect of which a partial redemption of the Notes at the option of the Noteholders 
or at the option of the Issuer is made, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option 
is not exercised may become illiquid, which could have an adverse effect on the market value of the Notes.  
3.2.2 There is a significant degree of regulatory uncertainty regarding the potential disqualification of the 
Notes as eligible liabilities items  
A MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event will apply in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, to Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, as further described 
in Condition 4(d) (Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event). The CRR II and 
the BRRD II give effect to the FSB TLAC Term Sheet and modify the requirements for MREL eligibility. Whilst 
there are a number of similarities between the MREL requirements and the FSB’s final principles regarding 
TLAC, there are certain differences. The Issuer is currently unable to predict whether all or part of the Notes may 
cease to comply with the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the MREL Group and thus be excluded fully or partially from the MREL. The non-compliance with the 
MREL requirements could result in the disqualification of the Notes as eligible liabilities items. Following the 
occurrence of such disqualification the Issuer may exercise a call option and Noteholders may not be able to 
reinvest the early redemption amount with the same yield. 
3.2.3 The Issuer may not be required to redeem Notes in the case of a Tax Gross-Up Event 
There is uncertainty as to whether gross-up obligations, including those under Conditions 6 (Taxation), are 
enforceable or legal under French law. If any obligation to pay additional amounts under Condition 6 (Taxation) 
are held unenforceable or illegal under French law, the Issuer will have the right, but not the obligation, to redeem 
the Notes. Accordingly, if the Issuer does not redeem the Notes upon the occurrence of a Tax Gross-Up Event as 
described in Condition 4(c)(ii) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons), Noteholders may receive less than the full 
amount due under the Notes, and the market value of the Notes will be adversely affected. 
3.2.4 The redemption amount payable upon redemption of certain Notes may be less than the principal amount 
and may equal zero 
The redemption amount payable in the case of redemption of certain Notes, including TEC 10 Linked Notes, CMS 
Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Range Accrual Notes and Inflation Linked Range Accrual Notes, or as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, may be a fair market value calculated by the Calculation Agent reduced by 
the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any related hedging costs and any replacement liquidity costs which may be 
less than the principal amount of such Notes and may even be zero. As a result, the Noteholders may receive less

--- Page 41 ---
EMEA 150012139 
41 
 
 
than the principal amount due, may lose a partial or total amount of their capital invested, and the market value of 
such Notes will be adversely affected.  
3.2.5 Changes in Interest rates may adversely affect the market value, the yield and/or the liquidity of Fixed 
Rate Notes  
In accordance with Condition 3(a) (Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes denominated 
in RMB) and Condition 3(b) (Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB), the Issuer may issue 
Notes bearing a fixed rate of interest.  
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that changes in market interest rates after the issuance of such 
Notes may have a significant adverse effect on the market value, the yield and/or the liquidity of Fixed Rate Notes 
and, as a consequence, holders of Fixed Rate Notes may lose part of their investment in Fixed Rate Notes. 
3.2.6 Noteholders will not be able to calculate in advance their investment’s return on Floating Rate Notes 
In accordance with Condition 3(d) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), the Issuer may issue Notes bearing a floating 
rate of interest. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on 
Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated due to the periodic adjustment (specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
of the reference rate which will itself vary depending on general market conditions. 
Due to varying interest income, Noteholders are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at 
the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments 
having longer fixed interest periods. If the relevant Final Terms provide for frequent interest payment dates for a 
particular Series of Floating Rate Notes, Noteholders are exposed to reinvestment risks if market interest rates 
decline. That is, Noteholders may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates 
then prevailing. 
Market volatility in interest rates, which is difficult to anticipate, may therefore have a significant adverse effect 
on the yield, the market value and/or the liquidity of Floating Rate Notes and Noteholders could receive a lower 
or no interest on such Notes. 
3.2.7 
Risk relating to Benchmark reforms and licensing  
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 3 (Interest and other Calculations), the rate of interest in respect 
of certain Notes may be determined by reference to reference rates that constitute "benchmarks" for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (in particular EURIBOR or CMS Rate) are the 
subject of ongoing national and international regulatory review and reform, with further changes anticipated. 
These reforms have resulted in the cessation of certain benchmarks. Other benchmarks could be eliminated 
entirely or declared unrepresentative. Such reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from the 
past or disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods or have other consequences that cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on 
any Notes linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes. In particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark (such as EURIBOR) are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
Benchmarks Regulation, such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the level or volatility of the published rate of such benchmark. In addition, market participants 
may be discouraged from continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark and the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmarks may change, which may lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of these changes, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark. 
The elimination of any benchmark, the establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in the manner of 
administration of any existing or new benchmark could also require adjustments to the terms of any Notes which

--- Page 42 ---
EMEA 150012139 
42 
 
 
pay a floating rate on interest. In particular, to the extent a benchmark is discontinued or is no longer quoted, the 
reference rate of such Notes may thereafter be determined in relation to a different benchmark. The replacement 
benchmark may perform differently from the discontinued benchmark and may result in other consequences, such 
as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would 
have been made on such Notes if such a benchmark was available in its current form. This could in turn impact 
the trading value of the affected Notes. 
If the relevant reference rate ceases to be calculated or administered and no alternative base rate is identified, this 
may result in the relevant reference rate no longer being available or being subject to replacement, and the interest 
rate on such Notes will accrue at the last relevant rate plus the Margin, potentially converting such Notes into 
fixed rate instruments. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of European Union, 
United Kingdom, or other international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or 
investigations, or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes 
could have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, value of and return on the Notes. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended 
the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to 
material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the 
Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 10 February 2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 2021 
(the “Amending Regulation”) which applies as from 13 February 2021. 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain 
Benchmarks by conferring on the European Commission the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain 
benchmarks, resulting in such benchmarks being replaced in contracts and financial instruments that have not 
been renegotiated before the date of cessation of the relevant benchmarks and contain either no contractual 
replacement (or so-called “fallback provision”) or a fallback provision which is deemed unsuitable by the 
European Commission or competent national authorities (Article 23b of the Benchmarks Regulation). These 
provisions could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, Notes issued under the 
Programme with interest rate calculated by reference to EURIBOR or CMS Rate(s). However, there are still 
uncertainties about the exact implementation of this provision pending the implementing acts of the European 
Commission. In addition, the Amending Regulation extended the transitional provisions applicable to third-
country benchmarks until the end of 2023, and, on 14 July 2023, the European Commission adopted a delegated 
act under the Benchmarks Regulation to extend the transitional period to 31 December 2025. Such developments 
may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the 
implementation of delegated regulations. 
3.2.8 If a benchmark is discontinued, the rate of interest on the Notes linked to or referencing such a 
benchmark will be changed in ways which may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement 
that the consent of such holders be obtained 
Pursuant to Condition 3 (Interest and other Calculations) (in particular, Condition 3(c), Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(a), 
Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(d), Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(e), Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(f), Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(g) and 
Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(h) where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable 
and/or where EURIBOR or SARON (which is subject to the Benchmarks Regulation), €STR, SONIA, SOFR or 
TONA (which are not subject to the Benchmarks Regulation) are specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, if any benchmark event (as provided under each of the above-mentioned provisions) occurs or a 
replacement rate will be applied to the Notes, as well as, as the case may be, any necessary changes to the business 
day convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any 
method for calculating the replacement rate, including any adjustment factor needed to make such replacement 
rate comparable to the relevant reference rate. Such replacement rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be

--- Page 43 ---
EMEA 150012139 
43 
 
 
final and binding, and no consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting any 
replacement rate, any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the terms and conditions of such Notes (or 
any other document) which are made in order to effect such replacement rate. 
The replacement rate may have no or very limited trading history and accordingly its general evolution and/or 
interaction with other relevant market forces or elements may be difficult to determine or measure. In addition, 
given the uncertainty concerning the availability of a replacement rate and the involvement of a Rate 
Determination Agent or a Replacement Rate Determination Agent, as the case may be, the fallback provisions 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the replacement rate may perform differently from the 
discontinued benchmark. These and other changes could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate 
compared to the historical and expected performance of the currently used benchmark. Any adjustment factor 
applied to any Series of Notes may not adequately compensate such impact. This could in turn impact the rate of 
interest on and trading value of such Notes. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that, if it is not possible to determine a value for a given Reference 
Rate, the relevant interest rate on such Notes will be the last available setting of such Reference Rate, effectively 
converting such Notes into fixed rate instrument. They may also provide for other fallbacks. 
Even if a replacement rate for any Reference Rate is determined, if the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
the replacement rate would result in a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and, if specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes), 
a Capital Event (in the case of Subordinated Notes only), or in the relevant resolution authority treating any future 
interest payment as the effective maturity of the Notes, the rate of interest will not be changed, but will instead be 
fixed on the basis of the last available quotation of the Reference Rate. This could occur if, for example, the switch 
to the replacement rate would create an incentive to redeem the relevant Notes that would be inconsistent with the 
relevant requirements necessary to maintain the regulatory status of the Notes.  
Noteholders that enter into hedging instruments based on the relevant reference rate may find their hedges to be 
ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the replacement rate. When 
such Notes are effectively converted into fixed rate instruments, Noteholders might incur costs from unwinding 
hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, Noteholders will not, if the Notes are converted into fixed 
rate instrument benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of the Notes could as a consequence be 
adversely affected. 
3.2.9 SOFR is a relatively new market index that may be used as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes and, 
as the related market continues to develop, there may be an adverse effect on the return on or value of the 
SOFR-based Notes 
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated on the basis of SOFR as set forth in Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(f). 
Because SOFR is an overnight funding rate, interest on SOFR based Notes with interest periods longer than 
overnight will be calculated near the end of each Interest Accrual Period. As a consequence of this calculation 
method, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will only be known a short period of time 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Noteholders therefore will not know in advance the interest amount 
which will be payable on such Notes. 
SOFR is a relatively new rate. The NY Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018. Although the NY 
Federal Reserve has published historical indicative SOFR information going back to 2014, such prepublication 
historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Since the initial publication of 
SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in other benchmark or 
market rates. 
As a result, the return on and value of SOFR-linked Notes may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities 
that are linked to less volatile rates. Because SOFR is a relatively new market index, SOFR-linked Notes will 
likely have no established trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or

--- Page 44 ---
EMEA 150012139 
44 
 
 
may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR may evolve over time, and trading 
prices of SOFR-linked Notes may be lower than those of later-issued SOFR-linked debt securities as a result. 
Similarly, if SOFR does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of SOFR-linked 
Notes may be lower than those of notes linked to rates that are more widely used. Noteholders may not be able to 
sell SOFR-linked Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk. The NY Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of 
SOFR is subject to important limitations, including that the NY Federal Reserve may alter the methods of 
calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. SOFR 
might not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of 
Noteholders in the Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that 
change or discontinuance may result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-
linked Notes and a reduction in the trading prices of such Notes. 
3.2.10 The market continues to develop in relation to other risk free rates as reference rates for Notes 
The rate of interest on the Notes may be calculated on the basis of other risk free rates such as SONIA, €STR, 
SARON or TONA, as set forth in Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(d), Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(e), Condition (d)(ii)(C)(g) and 
Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(h) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Similarly to SOFR-linked Notes, because 
SONIA, €STR, SARON and TONA are overnight funding rates, interest on SONIA-, €STR-, SARON- or TONA-
based Notes with interest periods longer than overnight will be calculated near the end of each Interest Accrual 
Period. As a consequence of this calculation method, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment 
Date will only be known a short period of time prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Noteholders therefore 
will not know in advance the interest amount which will be payable on such Notes. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as SONIA, €STR, SOFR, SARON or TONA 
as reference rates in the capital markets and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. 
In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on 
risk-free rates which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average rate over a designated term. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA, €STR, SOFR, SARON or TONA 
that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to Notes referencing such 
reference rates. Similarly to SOFR, the relatively recent development of compounded daily SONIA, compounded 
daily €STR, compounded daily SARON and compounded daily TONA as interest reference rates, as well as 
continued development of such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the market price of any SONIA-, €STR-, SOFR-, SARON- and TONA- referenced Notes issued under the 
programme from time to time. Interest on Notes which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being 
determined shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
In addition, the Issuer has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of SONIA, €STR, SOFR, 
SARON or TONA which might be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse 
to the interest of its Noteholders. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact 
any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, 
holding or disposal of any Notes.  
To the extent the SONIA, €STR, SOFR, SARON and TONA are discontinued or no longer published as described 
in the Terms and Conditions, the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on the Notes will be 
determined using the alternative methods described in Condition 3(d) (Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Such methods may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do 
not otherwise correlate over time with, the payment that would have been made on the Notes if SONIA, €STR, 
SOFR, SARON or TONA had been provided by the relevant benchmark administrator in their current form.

--- Page 45 ---
EMEA 150012139 
45 
 
 
Accordingly, an investment in any such Notes may entail significant risks not associated with similar investments 
in conventional debt securities. 
3.2.11 Resettable Fixed Rate Notes 
A holder of Resettable Fixed Rate Notes with a fixed interest rate that will be periodically reset during the term 
of the relevant Notes (see Condition 3(c) (Rate of Interest of Resettable Fixed Rate Notes)) is exposed to the risk 
of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income and this my adversely affect the market value of 
the Notes. Such Notes have reset provisions pursuant to which the Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear 
interest at an initial fixed rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of 
interest will be reset on one or more date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms by reference to a mid-market 
swap rate, the CMT Rate or the Sterling Reference Bond Rate, and for a period equal to the Reset Period, as 
adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such rate of 
interest may be less that the initial rate of interest and/or less than the rate of interest that applies immediately 
prior to such reset date and may adversely affect the yield of the Notes and therefore the market value of the Notes. 
3.2.12 Fixed/Floating Rate Notes subject to interest switch provisions 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes (see Condition 3(i) (Fixed/Floating Rate Notes)) may have features which provide for 
a change of the interest rate formula or basis at certain dates or upon occurrence of certain events. 
If a Fixed Rate is converted to a Floating Rate, CMS Rate and/or HICP Linked Interest, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate, CMS Rate and/or HICP Linked Interest Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate, CMS Rate and/or HICP Linked Interest Notes. In addition, the new 
applicable rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  
If a Floating Rate, CMS Rate and/or HICP Linked Interest is converted to a Fixed Rate, the new Fixed Rate may 
be lower than then prevailing rates on other Notes, which may affect the market yield of the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes.  
As a consequence, such conversion feature may affect the secondary market and the market value, the yield and/or 
the liquidity of such Fixed/Floating Notes and may lead to losses for the Noteholders. 
3.2.13 Inflation Linked Notes, CMS Linked Notes and TEC 10 Linked Notes  
In accordance with Condition 3(e) (Rate of Interest on Inflation Linked Notes), Condition 3(f) (Rate of Interest on 
CMS-Linked Notes) and Condition 3(g) (Rate of Interest on TEC 10 Linked Notes), the Issuer may issue CMS 
Linked Notes, Inflation Linked Notes and TEC 10 Linked Notes with an interest determined by reference to an 
Index, a CMS Rate or TEC 10, as adjusted by certain other factors, such as a Gearing Factor or a Maximum Rate 
of Interest as specified in the relevant Final Terms (each, a “Relevant Factor”). 
Inflation Linked Notes, CMS Linked Notes and TEC 10 Linked Notes differ from ordinary debt securities and the 
market price of such Notes may be volatile. The amounts due in respect of interest will be dependent upon the 
performance of the underlying inflation indices or CMS Rate or TEC 10, which themselves may contain 
substantial credit, interest rate or other risks. The historical performance of a Relevant Factor should not be viewed 
as an indication of the future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes 
and/or CMS Linked Notes and/or TEC 10 Linked Notes and a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices. In addition, if a 
Relevant Factor is applied in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains some other leverage factor, 
the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal and/or interest payable will likely be magnified which 
could worsened a negative change in the performance of the Relevant Factor. As a consequence, holders of such 
Notes are unable to anticipate the yield and variation of the market value of their Notes and they may lose all or 
part of their investment as a result of the volatility of their market value.

--- Page 46 ---
EMEA 150012139 
46 
 
 
Further, CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Notes may contain broad calculation agent discretions to 
interpret, change or redeem the CMS Linked Notes and Inflation Linked Notes and such discretions are not 
required to be exercised in the interests of Noteholders. 
Inflation Linked Notes and CMS Linked Notes may include range accrual provisions (see Condition 3(e)(iv) and 
Condition 3(f)(iii)). The interest in respect of Notes including range accrual provisions shall be calculated by 
applying one of the formulae specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes but will be conditional upon 
CMS Rates, or as the case may be, inflation indices, being equal to, greater than and/or less than certain 
predetermined levels on one or more specified dates and/or periods as set out in the relevant Final Terms. In the 
event that such conditionality is not satisfied in respect of one or more dates falling within any interest accrual 
period or other specified period, no interest may be payable in respect of such interest accrual period or interest 
will only be paid in respect only of those days in the interest accrual period on which such conditionality has been 
satisfied. As a consequence, holders of such Notes are unable to anticipate the yield and the variation of the market 
value of their Notes and they may lose all or part of their investment as a result of the volatility of their market 
value. 
3.2.14 Risk relating to Zero Coupon Notes and Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The Issuer may issue Notes at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount, as further described 
under Condition 3(h) (Zero Coupon Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. The market values of such 
Notes tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-
bearing securities. 
If market interest rates increase, such Notes can suffer higher price losses than other interest-bearing securities 
having the same maturity and credit rating. 
Market volatility in interest rates, which is difficult to anticipate, may therefore have a negative effect on the 
market value and/or the liquidity of such Notes. Therefore, holders of such Notes could be exposed to greater 
losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing securities.

--- Page 47 ---
EMEA 150012139 
47 
 
 
RETAIL CASCADES: CONSENT TO USE THE PROSPECTUS 
In the context of any offer of Notes in France, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and/or any other jurisdiction 
of the European Economic Area in which this Base Prospectus has been passported from time to time (the 
“Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions”) that is not within an exemption from the requirement to publish a 
prospectus under Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation (a “Non-Exempt Offer”), the Issuer consents to 
the use of this Base Prospectus, as supplemented from time to time, and the relevant Final Terms (together, 
the “Prospectus”) in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer of any Notes during the offer period specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the “Offer Period”) and in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(1) subject to conditions set out in the relevant Final Terms, by any financial intermediary designated in 
such Final Terms; or  
(2) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, by any financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any 
applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”), from time to time including, without limitation and in each 
case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any 
person and disclosure to any potential investor; (b) complies with the restrictions set out under section 
headed “Subscription and Sale” in this Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer; (c) 
acknowledges the determination of the type of clients in the context of the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and distribution channels identified under the “MiFID II product governance” 
legend set out in the relevant Final Terms; (d) acknowledges the determination of the type of clients in 
the context of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and distribution channels identified 
under the “UK MiFIR product governance” legend set out in the relevant Final Terms; (e) ensures 
that any fee (and any commissions, rebates or benefits of any kind) received or paid by that financial 
intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes does not violate the Rules and is fully and 
clearly disclosed to investors or potential investors; (f) holds all licences, consents, approvals and 
permissions required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under 
the Rules; (g) retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted by the Rules, make such records 
available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer(s) to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” 
rules applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); (h) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, 
authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; and (i) satisfies any further conditions specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (in each case any such financial intermediary being an “Authorised Offeror”). 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have any obligation to ensure that 
an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall therefore have no 
liability in this respect. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, for the content of the Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) in such Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction(s) to whom an offer of any Notes is made by any Authorised Offeror and where the offer is made 
during the period for which that consent is given. However, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any 
responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other securities 
law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) ending no later than the date falling 12 months 
from the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF.

--- Page 48 ---
EMEA 150012139 
48 
 
 
In the event the relevant Final Terms designate Authorised Offeror(s) to whom the Issuer has given its 
consent to use the Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to additional financial 
intermediary(ies) (each also an “Authorised Offeror”) after the date of the relevant Final Terms and, if it 
does so, it will publish any new information in relation to such Authorised Offerors who are unknown at the 
time of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of the relevant Final Terms at 
https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that any Authorised Offeror may use the Prospectus during the 
Offer Period, any such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, 
to publish on its website that it is using the Prospectus for the relevant Non-Exempt Offer with the 
consent of the Issuer and in accordance with the conditions attached thereto. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Non-
Exempt Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the Prospectus in 
connection with its offer of any Notes. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the 
Dealers or Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such offers. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, 
and offers and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in 
accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror 
and such Investor including as to price, allocations, settlement arrangements and expenses to be 
charged to the Investor (the “Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer”). The Issuer will not 
be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the 
offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, this Base Prospectus does not and any Final Terms 
will not contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer shall be 
provided to Investors by that Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-Exempt Offer. Neither 
the Issuer nor any of the Dealers or other Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability 
for such information.

--- Page 49 ---
EMEA 150012139 
49 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain statements that are 
forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion and growth of 
operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information 
on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words 
“believe”, “expect”, “project”, “anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” or similar expressions. Such forward-looking 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may 
differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors 
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as at the date hereof. 
These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended. 
The Issuer operates in a continually changing environment and new risks emerge continually. Forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Issuer does not undertake any obligation to update or 
revise any of these forward-looking statements, to reflect new information, future events or circumstances or 
otherwise. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, as amended.

--- Page 50 ---
EMEA 150012139 
50 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the sections listed below included in the 
following documents which have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and that have been filed with the AMF, and shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
(i) 
Documents d’enregistrement universel: 
(a) 
the sections referred to in the table below included in the French language original version of the 
2022 Document d’enregistrement universel, which was filed with the AMF under number D.23-0268 
on 13 April 2023 and is available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the Issuer’s 
website (www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr), (the sections referred to in the table below, together, the “2022 
URD”). The 2022 URD includes inter alia the audited financial statements of the Issuer and Crédit 
Mutuel Alliance Fédérale as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2022 and the related auditors’ 
reports thereon; 
https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/information-
financiere/CM_Alliance_Federale_URD_2022.pdf 
(b) 
the sections referred to in the table below included in the French language original version of the 
2023 Document d’enregistrement universel, which was filed with the AMF under number D.24-0276 
on 11 April 2024 and is available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the Issuer’s 
website (www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr), (the sections referred to in the table below, together, the “2023 
URD”). The 2023 URD includes inter alia the audited financial statements of the Issuer and Crédit 
Mutuel Alliance Fédérale as at, and for the year ended, 31 December 2023 and the related auditors’ 
reports thereon; 
https://investors.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/static-files/f0537ca9-edab-426b-b587-c9041e9c4566 
(ii) Terms and Conditions (for the purposes only of further issues of English Law Notes or French Law Notes, as 
the case may be, to be consolidated and form a single Series with any English Law Notes or French Law 
Notes, as the case may be, already issued under the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions (as defined below)): 
(a) 
the terms and conditions of the French Law Notes contained on pages 158 to 260 of the base prospectus 
dated 18 July 2023 which received number 23-315 from the AMF (the “2023 French Law 
EMTN Conditions”) (https://investors.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/static-files/07797e5f-1080-4c6e-86b6-
0ae01513d2e2); 
(b) 
the terms and conditions of the French Law Notes contained on pages 144 to 234 of the base prospectus 
dated 25 August 2022 which received number 22-357 from the AMF (the “2022 French Law 
EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/progr
ammes-de-titre/EMTN_base_prospectus_03-2023.pdf);  
(c) 
the terms and conditions of the French Law Notes contained on pages 138 to 224 of the base prospectus 
dated 20 July 2021 which received number 21-337 from the AMF (the “2021 French Law 
EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/progr
ammes-de-titre/EMTN_base_prospectus_07-2021.pdf); 
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the English Law Notes contained on pages 57 to 133 of the base prospectus 
dated 25 September 2020 which received number 20-474 from the AMF (the “2020 English Law 
EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/progr
ammes-de-titre/EMTN_base_prospectus_SEPT2020.pdf); 
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the French Law Notes contained on pages 134 to 218 of the base prospectus 
dated 25 September 2020 which received number 20-474 from the AMF (the “2020 French Law

--- Page 51 ---
EMEA 150012139 
51 
 
 
EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/progr
ammes-de-titre/EMTN_base_prospectus_SEPT2020.pdf); 
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the English Law Notes contained on pages 131 to 194 of the base prospectus 
dated 16 July 2019 which received number 19-363 from the AMF (the “2019 English Law 
EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/progra
mmes-de-titre/EMTN_base_prospectus_JULY2019.pdf); 
(g) the terms and conditions of the French Law Notes contained on pages 195 to 266 of the base prospectus 
dated 16 July 2019 which received number 19-363 from the AMF (the “2019 French Law 
EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/progra
mmes-de-titre/EMTN_base_prospectus_JULY2019.pdf); 
(h) the terms and conditions of the English Law Notes contained on pages 127 to 178 of the base prospectus 
dated 6 July 2018 which received number 18-291 from the AMF (the “2018 English Law 
EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/progra
mmes-de-titre/EMTN_base_prospectus_JULY2018.pdf); 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the French Law Notes contained on pages 179 to 236 of the base prospectus 
dated 6 July 2018 which received number 18-291 from the AMF (the “2018 French Law 
EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/progra
mmes-de-titre/EMTN_base_prospectus_JULY2018.pdf); 
(j) 
the terms and conditions of the English Law Notes contained on pages 118 to 165 of the base prospectus 
dated 6 July 2017 which received number 17-339 from the AMF (the “2017 English Law 
EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/progra
mmes-de-titre/EMTN_base_prospectus_JULY2017.pdf); 
(k) the terms and conditions of the French Law Notes contained on pages 165 to 214 of the base prospectus 
dated 6 July 2017 which received number 17-339 from the AMF (the “2017 French Law 
EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/progra
mmes-de-titre/EMTN_base_prospectus_JULY2017.pdf ; 
(l) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 94 to 133 of the base prospectus dated 9 June 
2016 which received number 16-235 from the AMF (the “2016 EMTN Conditions”) 
(https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/programmes-de-
titre/EMTN_base_prospectus_JUNE2016.pdf); 
(m) the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 81 to 121 of the base prospectus dated 5 June 
2015 which received number 15-528 from the AMF (the “2015 EMTN Conditions”) 
(https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/programmes-de-
titre/BFCM-EMTN_BP_June2015.pdf); 
(n) the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 77 to 110 of the base prospectus dated 5 June 
2014 
which 
received 
number 
14-270 
from 
the 
AMF 
(the 
“2014 EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements
/programmes-de-titre/EMTN_base_prospectus_05062014.pdf); 
(o) the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 75 to 103 of the base prospectus dated 
29 May 2013 which received number 13-248 from the AMF (the “2013 EMTN Conditions”) 
(https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/programmes-de-
titre/EMTN_base_prospectus_29052013.pdf); 
(p) the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 51 to 75 of the base prospectus dated 
24 May 2012 which received number 12-224 from the AMF (the “2012 EMTN Conditions”)

--- Page 52 ---
EMEA 150012139 
52 
 
 
(https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/programmes-de-
titre/EMTNBP_072011.pdf); 
(q) the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 49 to 72 of the base prospectus dated 
7 July 2011 which received number 11-301 from the AMF (the “2011 EMTN Conditions”) 
(https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/programmes-de-
titre/EMTNBP_072011.pdf); 
(r) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 46 to 69 of the base prospectus dated 
7 July 2010 which received number 10-232 from the AMF (the “2010 EMTN Conditions”) 
(https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/programmes-de-
titre/100601_Base_Prospectus_BFCM.pdf);  
(s) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 30 to 53 of the base prospectus dated 
7 July 2009 which was approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (“CSSF”) 
(the “2009 EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargem
ents/programmes-de-titre/Base_Prospectus_09_07_09.pdf); 
(t) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 24 to 43 of the Base Prospectus dated 
9 July 2008 
which 
was 
approved 
by 
the 
CSSF 
(the 
“2008 EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements
/programmes-de-titre/BP_BFCM_2008.pdf); 
(u) the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 24 to 43 of the Base Prospectus dated 
11 July 2007 
which 
was 
approved 
by 
the 
CSSF 
(the 
“July 2007 EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telecharge
ments/programmes-de-titre/BP_BFCM_July_2007.pdf); 
(v) the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 24 to 42 of the Base Prospectus dated 
16 March 2007 
which 
was 
approved 
by 
the 
CSSF 
(the 
“March 2007 EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechar
gements/programmes-de-titre/BP_BFCM_March_2007.pdf); 
(w) the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 23 to 41 of the Base Prospectus dated 
16 March 2006 
which 
was 
approved 
by 
the 
CSSF 
(the 
“2006 EMTN Conditions”) (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements
/programmes-de-titre/BP_BFCM2006.pdf); and 
(x) the terms and conditions of the Notes contained on pages 17 to 35 of the Base Prospectus dated 
3 November 2005 
which 
was 
approved 
by 
the 
CSSF 
(the 
“2005 EMTN Conditions” 
(https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/programmes-de-
titre/BFCM-EMTN_BP_June2015.pdf) and together with the 2006 EMTN Conditions, the March 
2007 EMTN Conditions, the July 2007 EMTN Conditions, the 2008 EMTN Conditions, the 
2009 EMTN Conditions, 
the 
2010 EMTN Conditions, 
the 
2011 EMTN Conditions, 
the 
2012 EMTN Conditions, 
the 
2013 EMTN Conditions, 
the 
2014 EMTN Conditions, 
the 
2015 EMTN Conditions the 2016 EMTN Conditions, the 2017 English Law EMTN Conditions, the 
2017 French Law EMTN Conditions, the 2018 English Law EMTN Conditions and the 2018 French 
Law EMTN Conditions, the 2019 English Law EMTN Conditions and the 2019 French Law EMTN 
Conditions, the 2020 English Law EMTN Conditions and the 2020 French Law EMTN Conditions, the 
2021 French Law EMTN Conditions, the 2022 French Law EMTN Conditions and the 2023 French 
Law EMTN Conditions, the “EMTN Previous Conditions”). 
The information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in connection with the cross-
reference list set out below. For the avoidance of doubt, the sections of the documents listed in paragraphs (i)(a)

--- Page 53 ---
EMEA 150012139 
53 
 
 
and (i)(b) above which are not included in the cross-reference list below are not incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. The documents listed in paragraphs (ii)(a) to (ii)(x) above, which are incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus, are considered as additional information which are not required by Annex 6 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing the Prospectus Regulation, 
as amended. 
The sections referred to in the cross-reference list below are incorporated by reference in, and shall be deemed to 
form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in a section which 
is incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any section which is subsequently incorporated by reference 
herein by way of a supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
For the avoidance of doubt, “Not Applicable” in the cross-reference table below means that the information is not 
relevant for the purposes of Annex 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended. The non-
incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference are either not relevant for investors or covered 
elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been delivered, 
upon the oral or written request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents containing the sections 
and/or the terms and conditions which, or portions of which, are incorporated herein by reference. Written or oral 
requests for such documents should be directed to the Issuer at its principal office set out at the end of this Base 
Prospectus. English language translations (which are not incorporated by reference herein) of the documents 
mentioned in paragraphs (i)(a) and (i)(b) are also available on the Issuer’s website at the following link: 
https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/partage/fr/CC/BFCM/telechargements/information-
financiere/annual_reports/2022_Universal_Registration_Document.pdf 
and 
https://investors.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/static-files/8e7361ee-1174-4ddc-a489-8180648c3b13, 
respectively. 
In 
addition, the documents mentioned in paragraphs (ii)(a) to (r) will be available on the website of the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and on the Issuer’s website (www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr). The documents mentioned in 
paragraphs (ii)(t) to (x) will be available on the Issuer's website (www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr) and filed with the 
AMF. 
CROSS-REFERENCE LIST IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF BFCM 
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
ANNEX 6 OF THE COMMISSION 
DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2019/980 
SUPPLEMENTING THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION, AS AMENDED 
Page(s) of the 2023 
URD 
Page(s) of the 2022 
URD 
2. STATUTORY AUDITORS 
Names and addresses of the Issuer’s auditors for the 
period covered by the historical financial information 
915 
N/A 
3. RISK FACTORS 
A description of the material risks that are specific to 
the issuer and that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a limited 
number of categories, in a section headed ‘Risk 
Factors’. 
380 to 389 
 
N/A

--- Page 54 ---
EMEA 150012139 
54 
 
 
ANNEX 6 OF THE COMMISSION 
DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2019/980 
SUPPLEMENTING THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION, AS AMENDED 
Page(s) of the 2023 
URD 
Page(s) of the 2022 
URD 
4. INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1 History and development of the Issuer 
42 to 44 
N/A 
4.1.1 The legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
910 
N/A 
4.1.2 The place of registration of the Issuer, its 
registration number and legal entity identifier 
(“LEI”) 
910 
N/A 
4.1.3 The date of incorporation and the length of life 
of the Issuer, except where the period is indefinite 
910 
N/A 
4.1.4 The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the 
legislation under which the Issuer operates, its 
country of incorporation, the address, telephone 
number of its registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered office) and 
website of the Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that the 
information on the website does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the prospectus. 
910 to 911 
N/A 
4.1.5 Details of any recent events particular to the 
Issuer and which are to a material extent relevant to 
an evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency. 
911 
N/A 
4.1.6 Credit ratings assigned to an Issuer at the 
request or with the cooperation of the Issuer in the 
rating process. A brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider. 
71 
N/A 
4.1.7 Information on the material changes in the 
Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since the 
last financial year; 
69 to 71 
N/A 
4.1.8 Description of the expected financing of the 
Issuer’s activities 
70 to 71 
N/A 
5. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1 Principal activities 
 
 
5.1.1 A description of the Issuer’s principal activities, 
including:  
(a) the main categories of products sold and/or 
services performed;  
(b) an indication of any significant new products or 
activities;  
21 to 42 
N/A

--- Page 55 ---
EMEA 150012139 
55 
 
 
ANNEX 6 OF THE COMMISSION 
DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2019/980 
SUPPLEMENTING THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION, AS AMENDED 
Page(s) of the 2023 
URD 
Page(s) of the 2022 
URD 
(c) the principal markets in which the Issuer 
competes. 
5.2 The basis for any statements made by the Issuer 
regarding its competitive position. 
21 
N/A 
6. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1 If the Issuer is part of a group, a brief description 
of the group and the Issuer’s position within the 
group. This may be in the form of, or accompanied 
by, a diagram of the organisational structure if this 
helps to clarify the structure.  
16 to 21 
N/A 
6.2 If the Issuer is dependent upon other entities 
within the group, this must be clearly stated together 
with an explanation of this dependence 
911 
N/A 
7. TREND INFORMATION 
7.1 A description of: (a) any material adverse change 
in the prospects of the issuer since the date of its last 
published audited financial statements; (b) any 
significant change in the financial performance of the 
group since the end of the last financial period for 
which financial information has been published to the 
date of the registration document. 
If neither of the above are applicable then the issuer 
shall include an appropriate statement to the effect 
that no such changes exist. 
911 
N/A 
7.2 Information on any known trends, uncertainties, 
demands, commitments or events that are reasonably 
likely to have a material effect on the Issuer’s 
prospects for at least the current financial year. 
N/A 
N/A 
9. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
9.1 Names, business addresses and functions within 
the Issuer of the following persons and an indication 
of the principal activities performed by them outside 
of that Issuer where these are significant with respect 
to that Issuer: 
 
 
(a) members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies;  
347 to 367 
N/A

--- Page 56 ---
EMEA 150012139 
56 
 
 
ANNEX 6 OF THE COMMISSION 
DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2019/980 
SUPPLEMENTING THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION, AS AMENDED 
Page(s) of the 2023 
URD 
Page(s) of the 2022 
URD 
(b) partners with unlimited liability, in the case of a 
limited partnership with a share capital. 
N/A 
N/A 
9.2 Administrative, management, and supervisory 
bodies’ conflicts of interests.  
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to 
the issuing entity of the persons referred to in item 9.1 
and their private interests and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that there are no such 
conflicts, make a statement to that effect. 
364 
N/A 
10. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1 To the extent known to the Issuer, state whether 
the Issuer is directly or indirectly owned or controlled 
and by whom and describe the nature of such control 
and describe the measures in place to ensure that such 
control is not abused. 
908 to 909 
N/A 
10.2 A description of any arrangements, known to the 
Issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change in control of the Issuer. 
N/A 
N/A 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER AND CREDIT MUTUEL 
ALLIANCE FEDERALE’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS 
AND LOSSES 
11.1 Historical Financial information 
632 to 738, 750 to 857, 
868 to 899 
488 to 572, 582 to 664, 
674 to 703 
11.1.7 Age of financial information 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited 
financial information statements may not be older 
than 18 months from the date of the registration 
document. 
911 
N/A 
11.2 Interim and other financial information 
N/A 
N/A 
11.3 Auditing of historical annual financial 
information 
739 to 746, 
858 to 865, 
900 to 903 
573 to 579, 665 to 671, 
704 to 706 
11.3.1.a Where audit reports on the historical 
financial information have been refused by the 
statutory 
auditors 
or 
where 
they 
contain 
qualifications, modifications of opinion, disclaimers 
739; 858 
N/A

--- Page 57 ---
EMEA 150012139 
57 
 
 
ANNEX 6 OF THE COMMISSION 
DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2019/980 
SUPPLEMENTING THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION, AS AMENDED 
Page(s) of the 2023 
URD 
Page(s) of the 2022 
URD 
or an emphasis of matter, the reason must be given, 
and such qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full. 
11.4 Legal and arbitration proceedings  
538 
N/A 
11.5 Significant change in the Issuer’s financial 
position 
911 
N/A 
12. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
12.1 Share capital  
The amount of the issued capital, the number and 
classes of the shares of which it is composed with 
details of their principal characteristics, the part of the 
issued capital still to be paid up with an indication of 
the number, or total nominal value and the type of the 
shares not yet fully paid up, broken down where 
applicable according to the extent to which they have 
been paid up. 
N/A 
N/A 
12.2 Memorandum and Articles of Association 
The register and the entry number therein, if 
applicable, and a description of the issuer’s objects 
and purposes and where they can be found in the 
memorandum and articles of association. 
910 to 911 
N/A 
13. MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
13.1 A brief summary of all material contracts that 
are not entered into in the ordinary course of the 
Issuer’s business, which could result in any group 
member being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation 
to security holders in respect of the securities being 
issued. 
911 
N/A 
14. DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE 
14.1 A statement that for the term of the registration 
document 
the 
following 
documents, 
where 
applicable, can be inspected: 
 
 
(a) the up to date memorandum and articles of 
association of the Issuer; 
910 to 911 
N/A

--- Page 58 ---
EMEA 150012139 
58 
 
 
ANNEX 6 OF THE COMMISSION 
DELEGATED REGULATION (EU) 2019/980 
SUPPLEMENTING THE PROSPECTUS 
REGULATION, AS AMENDED 
Page(s) of the 2023 
URD 
Page(s) of the 2022 
URD 
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, 
valuations and statements prepared by any expert at 
the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or 
referred to in the registration document. 
N/A 
N/A 
 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with Notes already issued under 
relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 
18 July 2023, 25 August 2022, 20 July 2021, 25 September 2020, 16 July 2019, 6 July 2018, 6 July 2017, 9 June 
2016, 5 June 2015, 5 June 2014, 29 May 2013, 24 May 2012, 7 July 2011, 7 July 2010, 7 July 2009, 9 July 2008, 
11 July 2007, 16 March 2007, 16 March 2006, and 3 November 2005 (the “Previous Base Prospectuses”) are 
not relevant for investors.

--- Page 59 ---
EMEA 150012139 
59 
 
 
EMTN Previous Conditions incorporated by 
reference  
References in the Previous Base Prospectuses 
2023 French Law EMTN Conditions 
Pages 158 to 260 
2022 French Law EMTN Conditions 
Pages 144 to 234 
2021 French Law EMTN Conditions 
Pages 138 to 224 
2020 English Law EMTN Conditions 
Pages 57 to 133 
2020 French Law EMTN Conditions 
Pages 134 to 218 
2019 English Law EMTN Conditions 
Pages 131 to 194 
2019 French Law EMTN Conditions 
Pages 195 to 266 
2018 English Law EMTN Conditions 
Pages 127 to 178 
2018 French Law EMTN Conditions 
Pages 179 to 236 
2017 English Law EMTN Conditions 
Pages 118 to 164 
2017 French Law EMTN Conditions 
Pages 165 to 214 
2016 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 94 to 133 
2015 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 81 to 121 
2014 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 77 to 110 
2013 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 75 to 103 
2012 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 51 to 75 
2011 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 49 to 72 
2010 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 49 to 69 
2009 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 30 to 53 
2008 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 24 to 43 
July 2007 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 24 to 43 
March 2007 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 24 to 42 
2006 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 23 to 41 
2005 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 17 to 35

--- Page 60 ---
EMEA 150012139 
60 
 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions 
of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake 
or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus (including the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) which may affect the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and make 
available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus, which, in respect of 
any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market, shall 
constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Articles 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, where the Notes are offered to the 
public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Notes before any supplement is published 
have the right, exercisable within two working days after the publication of such supplement, to withdraw their 
acceptance provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 
23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the closing of the offer to the public and the delivery 
of the Notes, which ever occurs first. The period may be extended by the Issuer or, if any, the relevant Authorised 
Offeror(s). The applicable period and the final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement. 
On 18 July 2025, this Base Prospectus as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factor, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
will no longer apply.

--- Page 61 ---
EMEA 150012139 
61 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes to be issued governed by English Law (the 
“English Law Notes”) that, save for the italicised paragraphs and subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the English Law Notes. The following text of the 
terms and conditions of the English Law Notes shall in particular be applicable, subject to completion in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, to English Law Notes in definitive form (if any) issued 
in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions 
together with the relevant provisions of the relevant Final Terms or, (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed 
(and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on such Notes. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes. References in these Conditions to “Notes” 
are to the English Law Notes of one Series only, and not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel (the “Issuer”) pursuant to an English law-governed 
amended and restated agency agreement dated 18 July 2024 (as amended and/or supplemented as at the date of 
issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “English Law Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, 
Luxembourg Branch as fiscal agent and principal paying agent (the “Fiscal Agent”), initial calculation agent (the 
“Calculation Agent”), redenomination agent (the “Redenomination Agent”) and consolidation agent (the 
“Consolidation Agent”) and Citibank, N.A., London Branch and BNP Paribas as paying agents (together with 
the Fiscal Agent and any additional or other paying agents in respect of the Notes from time to time appointed 
and, where the context so admits, the “Paying Agents”). If a Calculation Agent is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of any Notes and the terms and conditions require that a Calculation Agent be appointed 
then the Fiscal Agent shall act as Calculation Agent. The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest 
coupons (the “Coupons”) appertaining to interest bearing Notes and, where applicable in the case of such Notes, 
talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the receipts for the payment 
of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) relating to Notes, of which the principal is payable in instalments, are 
deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the English Law Agency Agreement applicable to them. The 
Notes are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated deed of covenant (as amended and/or supplemented 
as at the Issue Date, the “Deed of Covenant”) dated 18 July 2024 executed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes. 
Copies of the English Law Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection or collection 
during normal business hours at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents or may be provided by email 
to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents or the Issuer and provision of proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be). 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended). 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below 
and references to a “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects and a “Series” means an original 
Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are expressed to form a single 
series with the original Tranche of Notes that are denominated in the same currency and that have the same 
maturity date or redemption date, as the case may be, interest basis and interest payment dates, if any, and the 
terms of which, save for the issue date or interest commencement date and the issue price, are otherwise identical 
and to be consolidated and to form a single Series issued pursuant to Condition 13. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a) Form of Notes and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form.

--- Page 62 ---
EMEA 150012139 
62 
 
 
 
Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, 
save in the case of Notes that do not bear interest, in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. Any Note the principal amount of which is redeemable in instalments is issued with one or 
more Receipts attached. 
Title to the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not 
it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its 
theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” means the bearer of any Note and the Receipts relating to it, “holder” 
(in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning 
indicating that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
(b) Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Specified Denomination(s)”) provided that Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as defined in Condition 
2(a)(ii)) and Subordinated Notes (as defined in Condition 2(b)) will have a minimum Specified 
Denomination of not less than €100,000 or its equivalent in another currency.  
(c) Redenomination  
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without 
the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least 30 days’ notice 
in accordance with Condition 14 and on or after the date on which the European Member State in 
whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State in 
the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to time (the “Treaty”), 
or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, “EMU”), 
redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate 
principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms 
accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall 
be referred to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(c)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union 
pursuant to applicable regulations and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with 
Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of 
the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate 
shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined 
shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. Any balance remaining from the 
redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment 
rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment 
will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the 
Issuer. 
(iii) Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro.

--- Page 63 ---
EMEA 150012139 
63 
 
 
 
(iv) The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, 
in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation pursuant 
to Condition 13, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, make 
any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 13 (including, without limitation, any 
change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into 
account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it 
believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in 
the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
and shall be notified to such holders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(v) Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting 
from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
2 
Status of the Notes 
Notes may be either senior (“Senior Notes”) or subordinated (“Subordinated Notes”), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(a) 
Status of Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes may be either senior preferred notes (“Senior Preferred Notes”) or senior non-
preferred notes (“Senior Non-Preferred Notes”), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all “unsubordinated notes” issued by the Issuer under the 
Euro 90,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme prior to the date of entry into force of the 
law n°2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 on 11 December 2016 constitute Senior Preferred Obligations 
(as defined below). 
(i). Status of Senior Preferred Notes  
Senior Preferred Notes including, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons will 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as Senior 
Preferred Obligations and rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or priority 
among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior or unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer outstanding as of the date of entry into force of the law n°2016-
1691 dated 9 December 2016 on 11 December 2016; 
(ii) 
pari passu with all other present or future Senior Preferred Obligations of the Issuer;  
(iii) 
junior to all present or future obligations of the Issuer benefiting from statutorily preferred 
exceptions; and 
(iv) 
senior to all present or future Senior Non-Preferred Obligations (as defined below) of the 
Issuer (including any Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and any obligations ranking pari passu 
or junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer. 
Subject to applicable law, in the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring 
the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of 
payment of the holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and 
Coupons shall be subject to the payment in full of all present or future creditors and holders of, or

--- Page 64 ---
EMEA 150012139 
64 
 
 
 
creditors in respect of, claims benefiting from statutory preferred exceptions (“Preferred 
Creditors”) and, subject to such payment in full, the holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons shall be paid in priority to any present or future senior 
non-preferred obligations of the Issuer. In the event of incomplete payment of Preferred Creditors, 
the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, 
any related Receipts and Coupons will be terminated. The holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, 
where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary 
steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in relation to any claims 
they may have against the Issuer. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any senior obligations (including the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) of, or other senior instruments issued by, the Issuer which fall or are expressed to 
fall within the category of obligations described in Article L. 613-30-3–I-4°. and Article R. 613-28 
of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
“Senior Preferred Obligations” means any senior obligations (including the Senior Preferred 
Notes) of, or other senior instruments issued by, the Issuer, which fall or are expressed to fall within 
the category of obligations described in Article L. 613-30-3–I-3°. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. 
(ii). Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes including, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons, will 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations and rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or 
priority among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu with all other present or future Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
junior to all present or future Senior Preferred Obligations of the Issuer; and  
(iii) 
senior to all present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer (including any 
Subordinated Notes) and any obligations ranking pari passu or junior to subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer.  
Subject to applicable law, in the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring 
the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of 
payment of the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts 
and Coupons shall be subject to the payment in full of all present or future senior preferred creditors 
and holders of, or creditors in respect of, obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and of those preferred by mandatory and/or overriding provisions 
of law (collectively, “Senior Preferred Creditors”) and, subject to such payment in full, the 
holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons 
shall be paid in priority to any present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer. In the event 
of incomplete payment of Senior Preferred Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in connection 
with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons will 
be terminated. The holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Receipts and Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly 
accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in relation to any claims they may have against 
the Issuer.

--- Page 65 ---
EMEA 150012139 
65 
 
 
 
(b) 
Status of Subordinated Notes  
It is the intention of the Issuer that the proceeds of the issue of the Subordinated Notes be treated for 
regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Capital. The status and ranking provisions of Condition 2(b)(i) will apply 
with respect to the status and ranking provisions of the Subordinated Notes for so long as such 
Subordinated Notes are treated for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Capital (such Subordinated Notes being 
hereafter referred to as “Qualifying Subordinated Notes”). Should any outstanding Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, the Receipts and Coupons relating to them (if any) be fully 
excluded from Tier 2 Capital (“Disqualification Event”) (Subordinated Notes affected by a 
Disqualification Event being hereafter referred to as “Disqualified Subordinated Notes”), the status 
and ranking provisions of Condition 2(b)(ii) will forthwith replace and supersede the status and ranking 
provisions of Condition 2(b)(i) with respect to the status and ranking provisions of such Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes without the need for any action from the Issuer and without consultation of the 
holders of such Subordinated Notes or the holders of any other Notes outstanding at such time. 
Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of article L.228-97 of the French Code de 
commerce and paragraph 5° of Article L. 613-30-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
(i) Status of Qualifying Subordinated Notes 
The Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, the Receipts and Coupons relating to them 
(if any), constitute and will constitute direct unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations (in 
accordance with paragraph 5° of Article L. 613-30-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier created 
by Ordinance No.2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 relating to the resolution regime in the banking 
sector implementing Article 48(7) of BRRD under French law (the “Ordinance”)) of the Issuer and 
rank and will rank:  
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with all other present or future subordinated instruments that 
are, or have been before 28 December 2020 (in the case of instruments issued before that date), 
fully or partially recognised as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, in accordance with Article L.613-30-
3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et financier and expressed by their terms to rank pari passu 
with such instruments; 
(ii) 
junior to all present and future unsubordinated or senior obligations of the Issuer (including 
Senior Notes and, if applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons relating to them); 
(iii) 
junior to all other present and future subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank 
senior to Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, if applicable, any Receipts and Coupons relating 
to them; 
(iv) 
junior to any Disqualified Subordinated Notes and Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Notes of the 
Issuer and, if applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons relating to them; and 
(v) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs issued 
by the Issuer and any deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits “super 
subordonnés” or engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of any judgement rendered by any competent court declaring the 
judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason: 
• 
the rights of payment of holders of Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Receipts and Coupons in respect of principal and interest thereon will be subordinated 
to the payment in full of all present and future creditors of the Issuer in respect of obligations 
referred to in (ii), (iii) and (iv) above;

--- Page 66 ---
EMEA 150012139 
66 
 
 
 
• 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of such Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, where 
applicable, such Receipts and Coupons shall be paid in priority to all present and future 
creditors of the Issuer in respect of obligations referred to in (v) above; and 
• 
in the event of incomplete payment of all present and future creditors of the Issuer in respect 
of obligations referred to in (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, the obligations in connection with the 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons will 
be terminated.  
The holders of Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons 
shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation 
in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
(ii) Status of Disqualified Subordinated Notes 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, the Receipts and Coupons relating to them (if 
any) constitute and will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations (in 
accordance with Paragraph 5° of Article L. 613-30-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier created 
by the Ordinance) of the Issuer and rank and will rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any and all instruments that have (or will have) such rank (including for 
the avoidance of doubt Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Notes and, if applicable, any Receipts 
and Coupons relating to them);  
(iii) 
junior to all present and future unsubordinated or senior obligations of the Issuer (including 
Senior Notes and, if applicable, any Receipts and Coupons relating to them); 
(iv) 
junior to all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer expressed by 
their terms to rank senior to the Disqualified Subordinated Notes and the Disqualified 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and, if applicable, any Receipts and Coupons relating to them; 
(v) 
senior to any Qualifying Subordinated Notes of the Issuer and, if applicable, any Receipts 
and Coupons relating to them and to all other present or future subordinated instruments 
that are, or have been before 28 December 2020 (in the case of instruments issued before 
that date), fully or partially recognised as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, in accordance with 
Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et financier and expressed by their 
terms to rank pari passu with such instruments; and 
(vi) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs 
issued by the Issuer and any deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer (obligations dites 
“super subordonnées”, i.e. engagements dits “super subordonnés” or engagements 
subordonnés de dernier rang). 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of any judgement rendered by any competent court declaring 
the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason: 
• 
the rights of payment of holders of Disqualified Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, 
any related Receipts and Coupons in respect of principal and interest thereon will be 
subordinated to the payment in full of all present and future creditors of the Issuer in respect 
of obligations referred to in (iii) and (iv) above; 
• 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of such Disqualified Subordinated Notes and, 
where applicable, Receipts and Coupons shall be paid in priority to all present and future 
creditors of the Issuer in respect of obligations referred to in (v) and (vi) above; and

--- Page 67 ---
EMEA 150012139 
67 
 
 
 
• 
in the event of incomplete payment of all present and future creditors of the Issuer in respect 
of obligations referred to in (iii) and (iv) above, the obligations in connection with the 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons 
will be terminated.  
The holders of Disqualified Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and 
Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any 
such liquidation in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
“Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Notes” means any deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and, where applicable, the Receipts and Coupons relating to them, issued on or after 28 December 
2020 initially treated as additional tier 1 capital (as defined in Article 52 of the CRR) and which 
subsequently lost such treatment totally. 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 2 (Status of the Notes), in the context of a resolution, if any 
Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power were to be exercised (as further described in Condition 10 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Loss Absorption Powers)), and subject to certain exceptions, losses would 
in principle be borne first by the holders of capital instruments in the following order of priority: (i) holders 
of common equity tier 1 instruments, (ii) holders of additional tier 1 instruments, (iii) holders of Tier 2 
Capital instruments (such as the Qualifying Subordinated Notes), and (iv) holders of other subordinated 
debts other than capital instruments (such as Disqualified Subordinated Notes and the Disqualified 
Additional Tier 1 Notes), then by the holders of bail-inable liabilities so that losses would in principle be 
borne first by holders of unsecured senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) and then by holders of unsecured senior preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Preferred 
Notes).  
For more information on the consequences of a resolution procedure initiated in respect of the Issuer and/or 
group Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale in accordance with the provisions of BRRD II, please refer to the risk 
factor relating to the Issuer entitled “5.2.3.2 Risks related to the implementation of a resolution system’ 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
3 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Specified Interest Payment Date. 
(b) Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Specified Interest Payment Date would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Specified Interest 
Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for the relevant 
Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount by the

--- Page 68 ---
EMEA 150012139 
68 
 
 
 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by the Issuer) be final 
and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date to be notified to each of the Paying 
Agents and to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount 
and Specified Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 8, the accrued 
interest per Calculation Amount shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount so calculated need be made. 
(c) Rate of Interest of Resettable Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Resettable Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from and including 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to: 
(i) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or (if there is no Second Reset Date) the Maturity Date, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest; and  
(iii) for each Interest Period in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest in respect of the relevant Subsequent Reset Period.  
Such interest shall be payable in arrear on each Specified Interest Payment Date. 
For the purposes of any Resettable Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB and for the avoidance of 
doubt, the provisions of Condition 3(b) relating to the adjustment of any Specified Interest Payment 
Date shall apply mutatis mutandis to such Resettable Fixed Rate Notes other than in respect of the 
notification provisions contained in the last paragraph of this Condition 3(c) which shall prevail in 
respect of any Reset Period. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on each Reset Determination Date, 
calculate the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for each relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will cause such amount of interest for each Interest Period falling within each 
Reset Period to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to be notified to the Noteholders and any 
stock exchange on which the relevant Resettable Fixed Rate Notes are listed as soon as possible after 
their determination and in no event later than the first day of each Reset Period. 
If (y) a Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to an Original Mid-Swap Rate at any 
time or (z) the fallback provisions provided in the definition of “Mid-Swap Rate” fail to provide a means 
of determining the Original Mid-Swap Rate, when the Terms and Conditions of any Resettable Fixed 
Rate Notes provide for any reset rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by 
reference to such Original Mid-Swap Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over 
the other fallback provisions set out in the definition of the “Mid-Swap Rate” below: 
(A) 
Appointment of a Rate Determination Agent 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate Determination Agent as 
soon as reasonably practicable to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing which, an

--- Page 69 ---
EMEA 150012139 
69 
 
 
 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (in accordance with Condition 3(c)(B)) and, in either case, a 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 3(c)(C)) and any Mid-
Swap Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3(c)(D)). 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(c) shall act in good faith 
in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, the Rate Determination Agent shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and, where applicable, the 
Couponholders and Receiptholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this 
Condition 3(c). 
(B) 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines in good faith that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, then such Successor Mid-Swap Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3(c)(C)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 3(c)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Mid-Swap Rate but there is an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, 
then such Alternative Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 3(c)(C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
3(c)). 
(C) 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that (i) a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining such Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread, then such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable). 
(D) 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 3(c) and the Rate Determination 
Agent determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread (if any) (such amendments, the “Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the specific terms of the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, then 
the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 3(c)(E) vary 
these Terms and Conditions to the extent needed to give effect to such Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, 
each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and the Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and the Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) pursuant to this paragraph.

--- Page 70 ---
EMEA 150012139 
70 
 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance with 
this paragraph (D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices 
Any Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread and Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), determined under this 
Condition 3(c) will be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from 
the Rate Determination Agent, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, 
and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders and, where applicable, the 
Couponholders and the Receiptholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify 
the effective date of the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred, (ii) the 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and, (iii) any Mid-
Swap Adjustment Spread and/or (iv) any Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, in 
each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 3(c); 
and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (if any). 
The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) 
as sufficient evidence thereof. In the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and the Mid-
Swap Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (if any) as 
specified in such certificate, and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s ability to rely on 
such certificate as aforesaid, the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
and the Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) specified in such certificate will be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders and, where applicable, the 
Couponholders and Receiptholders. 
(F) 
Survival of the Original Mid-Swap Rate 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or (ii) the Rate 
Determination Agent appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate in accordance with Condition 3(c)(B) prior to 
the relevant Reset Determination Date or (iii) the Issuer determines that the replacement of 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate and, in either case, any Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and/or any Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be): 
(x) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes being fully or partially 
excluded from the own funds and eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC 
Requirements (as called or defined in the then applicable laws and regulations or MREL or 
TLAC criteria applicable to the Issuer); or

--- Page 71 ---
EMEA 150012139 
71 
 
 
 
(y) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes being fully or 
partially excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer with respect to Subordinated Notes; 
or 
(z) could reasonably result in the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date,  
then the Mid-Swap Rate applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in 
respect of the relevant Reset Period shall be equal to the last Mid-Swap Rate available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Calculation Agent. In such circumstances, 
the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the 
provisions of this Condition 3(c) mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and/or Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments) has been 
determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 3(c). 
(G) 
Fallback in respect of the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
If (y) a Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to a Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate at any time or (z) the fallback provisions provided in the 
definition of “Mid-Swap Rate” fail to provide a means of determining the Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint a Rate Determination Agent and ensure that the provisions of this Condition 3(c) 
shall apply as if the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate was the 
Original Reference Rate. 
(d) Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
3(m). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant 
Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and the provisions below relating to ISDA Determination, FBF Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the relevant ISDA 
Definitions and under which:

--- Page 72 ---
EMEA 150012139 
72 
 
 
 
(i) 
If the relevant Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions:  
(a) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(b) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(c) the relevant Reset Date is the day specified as such in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(d) if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
“Compounding” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(1) “Compounding with Lookback” is specified as the “Compounding Method” 
in the relevant Final Terms, “Lookback” is the number of Applicable 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(2) “Compounding with Observation Period Shift” is specified as the 
“Compounding Method” in the relevant Final Terms, (a) “Observation 
Period Shift” is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) “Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days”, if applicable, are the days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or  
(3) “Compounding with Lockout” is specified as the “Compounding Method” 
in the relevant Final Terms, (a) “Lockout” is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) “Lockout 
Period Business Days”, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(e) if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
“Averaging” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) “Averaging with Lookback” is specified as the “Averaging Method” in the 
relevant Final Terms, “Lookback” is the number of Applicable Business 
Days as specified in relevant Final Terms;  
(2) “Averaging with Observation Period Shift” is specified as the “Averaging 
Method” in the relevant Final Terms, (a) “Observation Period Shift” is the 
number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and (b) “Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days”, 
if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(3) “Averaging with Lockout” is specified as the “Averaging Method” in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) “Lockout” is the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) “Lockout 
Period Business Days”, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
(f) 
if the specified Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option 
and “Index Provisions” are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable 
and:  
(1) “Observation Period Shift” is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 73 ---
EMEA 150012139 
73 
 
 
 
(2) “Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days”, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
in connection with any Compounding, Averaging or Index Method specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, references in the ISDA Definitions to:  
(a) “Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
relevant Day Count Fraction;  
(b) “Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms;  
(c) “Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(d) “Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and  
(e) “Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
(iii) if the relevant Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions, (y) “Administrator/ Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and (z) if the 
Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate Option 
is specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions), the reference to “Calculation Agent 
Alternative Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-Publication – 
Alternative Rate” shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Previous Day's Rate”. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Applicable Business Days”, “Averaging with 
Lockout”, “Averaging with Lookback”, “Averaging with Observation Period Shift”, 
“Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift”, “Compounding with Lockout”, 
“Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, “Index 
Floating Rate Option”, “Lockout Period Business Days“, “Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days”, “Observation Period Shift Business Days”, “Overnight Floating 
Rate Option”, “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated 
Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions. 
(B) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under 
which: 
(a) the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable)”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Transaction” have the meanings given to those

--- Page 74 ---
EMEA 150012139 
74 
 
 
 
terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that “Euribor” means the rate calculated for deposits 
in Euro which appears on the Reuters screen page EURIBOR01. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as is provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or any other such page as may 
replace that page on the relevant service, or such other service as may be nominated as 
the information vendor, for the purpose of displaying comparable rates) as at 11.00 a.m. 
Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(b) If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (a)(i) applies and no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph (a)(ii) 
applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as is provided below, the Issuer 
shall, upon request of and after consultation with the Calculation Agent, procure that the 
Calculation Agent is provided with, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, from the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
(c) If paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the case may 
be, determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as is provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) 
the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, with such offered 
rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which if the Reference Rate is

--- Page 75 ---
EMEA 150012139 
75 
 
 
 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion 
of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the Euro zone inter-bank market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, in particular 
when no quotation is provided by any Reference Bank, the Rate of Interest shall be 
based on the last Reference Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) Where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest may be calculated using either “€STR-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” or “€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as follows:  
“€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest is the daily euro short-term rate) which will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” for any Interest Accrual Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 Business Days prior 
to the relevant T2 Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period;  
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
the relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately following T2 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;  
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 76 ---
EMEA 150012139 
76 
 
 
 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of T2 Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-Back Period. 
“€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of interest is 
the daily euro short-term rate) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ €STRi×ni
360
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” for any Observation Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“€STRi” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the €STR for that T2 Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day in 
the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last T2 Business Day in such 
Observation Period; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
the relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately following T2 
Business in the relevant Observation Period; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from, and including, the date that is a number of T2 Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to, but 
excluding, the date that is a number of T2 Business Days equal to the number of 
Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accural 
Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of T2 Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day and 
no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such T2 
Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 Business Day for 
which such rate was published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day and 
both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant €STR 
Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will 
be determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate.

--- Page 77 ---
EMEA 150012139 
77 
 
 
 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first T2 
Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then 
the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period 
occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to 
the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR by the ECB Recommanded Rate or the Modified EDFR 
(the “€STR Replacement Rate”), as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), (i) the Rate 
of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date, 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as if the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant €STR 
Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is 
published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the 
Modified EDFR or (iii) if there no such preceding Interest Determination Date and there 
is no published ECB Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, as if the rate of 
€STR for each T2 Business Day in the €STR Observation Period on or after such €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published €STR (though 
substituting in each case, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including any determination with 
respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in 
the Calculation Agent’s (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) sole discretion, and (iii)

--- Page 78 ---
EMEA 150012139 
78 
 
 
 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(d), if (i) the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms), or (ii) the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement of the 
then-current €STR by the €STR Replacement Rate or any other amendements to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes) an MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordinated Notes only) a Capital 
Event, or (b) could reasonnably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any 
future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather that the 
relevant Maturity Date, no €STR Replacement Rate will be adopted by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), and the €STR Replacement Rate for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period will be equal to the last €STR available, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
For the purpose of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(d): 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for 
the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by 
the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) and, failing which, the Issuer and, if determined 
by the Issuer, notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) or, if determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), notified 
by the Calculation Agent or such other party to the Issuer; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) and, failing which, the Issuer and, if determined by the Issuer, notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or, if determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), notified by the Calculation Agent or 
such other party to the Issuer: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or

--- Page 79 ---
EMEA 150012139 
79 
 
 
 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) and, failing which, the Issuer and, if determined by the Issuer, 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or, if 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), notified by the 
Calculation Agent or such other party to the Issuer; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central 
Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended 
from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the 
European Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have 
adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
(i) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first T2 
Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the 
EDFR for each of the thirty (30) T2 Business Days immediately preceding the 
date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
(ii) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean 
of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for 
each of the thirty (30) T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which 
the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate representing the 
wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area 
provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator) and published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined 
below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate 
is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or 
before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the T2 Business Day 
immediately following such T2 Business Day;

--- Page 80 ---
EMEA 150012139 
80 
 
 
 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank 
(or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“€STR Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from and including the date falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first €STR Observation Period shall begin 
on and include the date falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” T2 Business 
Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling “p” T2 Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable); 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread;and 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European Central 
Bank currently at https://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website officially 
designated by the European Central Bank. 
(e) When SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes, the SONIA rate of interest determination method, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SONIA Rate of Interest Determination”), 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either SONIA Lookback 
Compound (non Index Determination), SONIA Shift Compound (non Index 
Determination), or SONIA Compound (Index Determination) as follow: 
(x) 
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below be SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any);

--- Page 81 ---
EMEA 150012139 
81 
 
 
 
(y) 
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below be SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(z) 
If SONIA Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below 
be SONIA-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(e): 
“SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day or LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day (i+1);  
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and

--- Page 82 ---
EMEA 150012139 
82 
 
 
 
“SONIAi-pLBD”, means in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
“SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period relating to such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period relating 
to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant Observation Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day or LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day (i+1);  
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and  
“SONIA” in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; 
“SONIAi” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, is equal 
to SONIA in respect of that day “i”.

--- Page 83 ---
EMEA 150012139 
83 
 
 
 
“SONIA-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a compounded average interest 
investment (with the Compounded Sterling daily overnight reference as the reference 
for the calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑥
−1) 𝑥 365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the Observation Period relating to such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or in 
the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;  
“SONIA Compounded Indexx” means the SONIA Compounded Index value on the 
day falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the first date of such Interest Accrual Period; 
“SONIA Compounded Indexy” means the SONIA Compounded Index value on the 
day falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or in the 
final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
“SONIA” in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” in relation to any London Banking Day shall be the 
SONIA Compounded Index value provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time), and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors. In the event that the SONIA Compounded 
Index value originally published by the administrator of SONIA on or about 9:00 a.m. 
(London Time) on any London Banking Day is subsequently corrected and such 
corrected value is published by the administrator of SONIA on the original date of 
publication, then such corrected value, instead of the value that was originally

--- Page 84 ---
EMEA 150012139 
84 
 
 
 
published, shall be deemed the SONIA Compounded Index value. 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is unavailable on the Relevant Screen Page on any 
Sonia Compounded Index determination date, the “SONIA-COMPOUND” shall be 
calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect to an Interest Accrual 
Period in accordance with “SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” and the term “Observation 
Shift Days” shall mean the number of London Banking Days specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
If, in respect of a London Banking Day “i-pLBD” or “i”, as applicable, the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) determines that the SONIA is not available on 
the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be:  
1. 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of 
the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate (the 
“SONIA Replacement Rate”); or 
2. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or, if more recent, the latest rate determined under (1) above. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the SONIA, the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall, to the extent that 
it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for the 
purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available or has not been published 
by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to 
the first Interest Accrual Period).

--- Page 85 ---
EMEA 150012139 
85 
 
 
 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including any determination with 
respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in 
the Calculation Agent’s (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) sole discretion, and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(e), if (i) the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms), or (ii) the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement of 
the then current SONIA by the SONIA Replacement Rate or any other amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes) an MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordined Notes) a Capital Event, or 
(b) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather that the relevant 
Maturity Date, no SONIA Replacement Rate will be adopted by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), and the SONIA Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period will be equal to the last SONIA available on the SONIA Screen Page 
as determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
(f) 
When SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in the respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes, the SOFR rate of interest determination, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “SOFR Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined could be either SOFR Arithmetic Mean, SOFR Lockout 
Compound, SOFR Lookback Compound, SOFR Shift Compound or SOFR Index, as 
follow: 
(x) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of the SOFR rates for each day during the period, plus or minus (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms), where the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in the period from (and including) the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date 
(excluded);

--- Page 86 ---
EMEA 150012139 
86 
 
 
 
(y) 
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(z) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below be USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(xx) if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(yy) if SOFR Index is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate if 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-INDEX plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(f): 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determines on or prior 
to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for 
all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(f), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding 
absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent 
or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Programme or the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(f), if (i) the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms), or (ii) the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement of 
then-current SOFR Benchmark by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement or any other 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the affected Notes necessary to implement 
such replacement would result in (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes) an MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event or (in case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the Relevant

--- Page 87 ---
EMEA 150012139 
87 
 
 
 
Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity 
of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, no SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
will be adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be the SOFR determined by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms) as of the U.S. Govermnent Securities Business Day immediately 
preceding the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
“USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day following each SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is a 
SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset Date; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period or such other date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“SOFR Interest Reset Date” means each U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; provided, however, that the SOFR 
with respect to each SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, 
the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date of an Interest Accrual Period, will be the SOFR with respect to the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 88 ---
EMEA 150012139 
88 
 
 
 
“USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period; 
“SOFRi-pUSGSBD” means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR for the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 
being rounded upwards:

--- Page 89 ---
EMEA 150012139 
89 
 
 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period relating 
to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period relating to such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first 
date in such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the number of Observation 
Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” falling in 
the relevant Observation Period, the SOFR in respect of that U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-INDEX” means the rate of return of a compounded interest investment 
(with the SOFR Index as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“SOFR Index” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day the SOFR Index value as published on the New York Federal Reserve’s 
Website at the SOFR Determination Time on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Accrual Period.

--- Page 90 ---
EMEA 150012139 
90 
 
 
 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms 
preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or 
in the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date). 
“dc” means the number of calendar days from (and including) the SOFR IndexStart 
to (but excluding) the SOFR IndexEnd. 
Subject paragraph (iii) below, if the SOFR Index is not published at the SOFR 
Determination Time and a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred with respect to SOFR, the “USD-SOFR-
INDEX” shall be calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect to 
an Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with “SOFR Index Unavailability” 
provisions below. If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR, the provisions set forth 
in the definition of “SOFR” below shall apply. 
SOFR Index Unavailability: If SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the relevant Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred 
with respect to SOFR, “USD-SOFR-INDEX” will mean, for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily 
compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for 
SOFR Averages, and definitions required for such formula, published on the New 
York Federal Reserve’s Website. For the purposes of this provision, references in 
the SOFR Averages compounding formula and related definitions to “calculation 
period” shall be replaced with “Observation Period” and the words “that is, 30-, 
90-, or 180- calendar days” shall be removed. If the daily SOFR ("SOFRi") does 
not so appear for any day, "i" in the Observation Period, SOFRi for such day "i" 
shall be SOFR published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published on the New York Federal 
Reserve’s Website.  
For the purposes of “SOFR Index Unavailability”: 
“Observation Period” shall mean in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first 
date in such Interest Acrual Period to, but excluding, the date falling a number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period;  
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation to SOFR IndexStart 
and the SOFR IndexEnd. 
 “SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as published by the New York Federal Reserve, as the 
administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator), on the New York Federal 
Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) Website on or about 3:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or

--- Page 91 ---
EMEA 150012139 
91 
 
 
 
(ii) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day does not appear as specified in paragraph (i) above, 
unless both a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in 
respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such rate 
was published on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor 
administrator’s) Website; or 
(iii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, 
(X) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable corresponding tenor 
and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
(Y) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, or 
(Z) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by 
the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-
current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the SOFR 
or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order presented 
in clause (iii) of the definition of “SOFR” that can be determined by the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed 
by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the 
Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time.

--- Page 92 ---
EMEA 150012139 
92 
 
 
 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the definition of “Interest Accrual Period”, timing and frequency 
of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, 
and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed 
by the Issuer decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer decide that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determine that no market practice for 
use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determine is reasonably necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or

--- Page 93 ---
EMEA 150012139 
93 
 
 
 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative. 
“ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from 
ISDA at www.isda.org) or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives 
published from time to time. 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would be effective upon the occurrence of 
Benchmark Transition Event, where such rate may have been adjusted for an overnight 
tenor, but without giving effect to any additional spread adjustement to be applied 
according to such ISDA Definition. 
“New York Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the New York Federal 
Reserve, currently at https://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the New 
York Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of SOFR. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the Benchmark is not 
SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the 
Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USGSBD” means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(g) 
When SARON is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in the 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the SARON rate of interest determination method, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SARON Rate of Interest 
Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either 
SARON Lookback Compound or SARON Shift Compound, as follow: 
(x) 
if SARON Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below be SARON-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or

--- Page 94 ---
EMEA 150012139 
94 
 
 
 
(y) 
if SARON Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below be SARON-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(g): 
 “SARON-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SARON as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+
SARONi-pZBD×ni
360
)-1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such Zurich Banking Day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day (i+1); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Zurich Banking 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
“SARONi-pZBD” means in respect of any Zurich Banking Day “i” falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SARON for the Zurich Banking Day falling “p” 
Zurich Banking Day prior to the relevant Zurich Banking Day “i”, as provided by 
the SARON Administrator to, and published by, authorised distributors of SARON 
in respect of that day at the SARON Reference Time (or any amended publication 
time as specified by the SARON Administrator in the SARON benchmark 
methodology) on such Zurich Banking Day. 
“SARON-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the SARON as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 95 ---
EMEA 150012139 
95 
 
 
 
[∏(1+ SARONi×ni
360
) -1
d0
i=1
]× 360
d  
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SARON Observation Period;  
“d0”, for any SARON Observation Period, means the number of Zurich Banking 
Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich 
Banking Day in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant SARON Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such Zurich Banking Day 
“i” up to, but excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day (i+1); 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“SARONi” means for any Zurich Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant SARON 
Observation Period, the SARON in respect of that Zurich Banking Day “i”, as 
provided by the SARON Administrator to, and published by, authorised distributors 
of SARON in respect of that day at the SARON Reference Time (or any amended 
publication time as specified by the SARON Administrator in the SARON 
benchmark methodology) on such Zurich Banking Day; and  
“SARON Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual 
Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to 
the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as 
any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, failing which the 
Issuer, determines at any time prior to the SARON Reference Time on any Zurich 
Banking Day that a SARON Index Cessation Event and the related SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, shall determine the SARON Replacement.  
If the Issuer is notified by the Calculation Agent, or any another entity appointed by 
the Issuer, that there is no Recommended SARON Replacement Rate and the SNB 
Policy Rate for any Zurich Banking Day with respect to which SARON is to be 
determined has not been published on such Zurich Banking Day (the “Affected 
Zurich Banking Day”), then the Issuer will appoint an agent (the “Replacement

--- Page 96 ---
EMEA 150012139 
96 
 
 
 
Rate Determination Agent”) on or prior to the first Zurich Banking Day in respect 
of which a SARON Index Cessation Event and related SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred and for which the SNB Policy Rate has not been 
published.  
The Replacement Rate Determination Agent will determine whether to use an 
alternative rate to SARON for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and for all 
subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the SARON Observation Period in which the 
Affected Zurich Banking Day falls (the “Affected SARON Observation Period”) 
and all SARON Observation Periods thereafter.  
For the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be: 
I. 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent shall determine: (A) the method 
for determining the SARON Replacement (including any alternative 
method for determining the SARON Replacement if such alternative rate is 
unavailable on the relevant Interest Determination Date), which method 
shall be consistent with industry-accepted practices for the SARON 
Replacement and (B) any adjustment factor as may be necessary to make 
the SARON Replacement comparable to the then-current SARON 
Benchmark consistent with industry-accepted practices for the SARON 
Replacement; 
II. 
for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and all subsequent Zurich Banking 
Days in the Affected SARON Observation Period and all SARON 
Observation Periods thereafter, references to SARON in the Terms and 
Conditions shall be deemed to be references to the SARON Replacement, 
including any alternative method for determining such rate and any 
adjustment factor as described in sub-clause I above; 
III. 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make SARON 
Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to the Notes from time to 
time; 
IV. 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent pursuant to this Condition 
3(d)(ii)(C)(g) including any SARON Replacement Conforming Changes or 
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, in 
each case, solely with respect to the relevant Notes, will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error and will be made by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner; 
V. 
to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this Condition and any 
other Terms and Conditions, this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(g) shall prevail with 
respect to any Notes for which the Rate of Interest is calculated in 
accordance with this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(g); 
VI. 
the Calculation Agent may determine that it is appropriate for a SARON 
Replacement to replace the then-current SARON Benchmark and apply any 
SARON Replacement Conforming Changes in respect of any subsequent 
SARON Index Cessation Event; and 
VII. 
where a SARON Index Cessation Event or details of it are announced prior 
to the relevant SARON Index Cessation Effective Date then the

--- Page 97 ---
EMEA 150012139 
97 
 
 
 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent may on or after such earlier 
announcement date give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 of the relevant changes which will be made to the Notes, 
provided that, such changes will only take effect as of the SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent, 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(g), as applicable, including any determination 
with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be 
made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent, the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), as applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become 
effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(g), if (i) the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent, the Replacement Rate Determination Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), 
or (ii) the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement of then-current SARON 
Benchmark by the SARON Replacement or any other amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the affected Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes) a MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event or (in case of Subordinated Notes only) a Capital 
Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating 
any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than 
the relevant Maturity Date, no SARON Replacement will be adopted by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the SARON Replacement for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period will be the SARON determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) as of the Zurich Banking Day immediately 
preceding the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date. 
For the purpose of this condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(g): 
“Recommended SARON Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to any 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate:  
(a) 
the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), formula or 
methodology for calculating such a spread, that the Recommending Body 
has recommended be applied to such Recommended SARON Replacement 
Rate in the case of fixed income securities with respect to which such 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate has replaced the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight as the reference rate for the purposes of determining the 
applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
(b) 
if the Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula 
or methodology as described in clause (a) above to be applied to such

--- Page 98 ---
EMEA 150012139 
98 
 
 
 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate, for the purposes of determining 
SARON, the Calculation Agent will determine the spread, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with such Recommended 
SARON Replacement Rate. The Calculation Agent will take into account 
industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities with respect to 
which such Recommended SARON Replacement Rate has replaced the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate for the purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
“Recommended SARON Replacement Rate” means the rate that has been 
recommended as the replacement for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by any 
working group or committee in Switzerland organised in the same or a similar 
manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was 
founded in 2013 for the purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to 
reform reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or committee, 
the “Recommending Body”); 
“SARON” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day:  
(a) 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day 
published by the SARON Administrator on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or such replacement page which displays the information) at the 
SARON Reference Time;  
(b) 
if such rate is not so published on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
SARON Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, other than as a 
consequence of a SARON Index Cessation Event for which a SARON 
Index Cessation Effective Date has occurred at or prior to the SARON 
Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight published on the Relevant Screen Page for the first preceding 
Zurich Banking Day for which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page; or  
(c) 
if such rate is not so published on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
SARON Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day as a consequence 
of a SARON Index Cessation Event for which a SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date has occurred at or prior to the SARON 
Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, the SARON Replacement 
determined in accordance with this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(g);  
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or any successor 
administrator); 
“SARON Benchmark” means, initially, SARON-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND or 
SARON-SHIFT-COMPOUND, provided that, if a SARON Index Cessation 
Event and its related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current SARON Benchmark, then "SARON Benchmark" means 
the applicable SARON Replacement. 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means the earliest of:

--- Page 99 ---
EMEA 150012139 
99 
 
 
 
(a) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition thereof, the date on 
which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight,  
(b) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub-paragraph (b), (x) of the definition thereof, the latest 
of: 
(i) 
the date of such statement or publication; 
(ii) 
the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication 
as the date on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no longer 
be representative; and 
(iii) 
if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in sub-
paragraph (b)(y) of the definition thereof has occurred on or prior to 
either or both dates specified in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) of this sub-
paragraph (b), the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
may no longer be used; and 
(c) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub-paragraph (b)(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of 
which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used. 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events:  
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or 
confirming that the SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight; or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (x) the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative or will as of a certain 
date no longer be representative, or (y) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
may no longer be used after a certain date, which statement, in the case of 
sub-clause (y), is applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income 
securities and derivatives. 
“SARON Reference Time” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the close 
of trading on the trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such 
Zurich Banking Day, which is expected to be at or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time);  
“SARON Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent as of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date:  
(a) 
the Recommended SARON Replacement Rate for such Zurich Banking 
Day, and the related Recommended SARON Adjustment Spread, if any, 
published on such Zurich Banking Day;

--- Page 100 ---
EMEA 150012139 
100 
 
 
 
(b) 
the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the “SNB Policy Rate”) for 
such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, 
if any; or  
(c) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current 
SARON Benchmark, being such industry-accepted successor rate or, if 
no such rate exists, it shall select such rate that it has determined is most 
comparable to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
“SARON Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any SARON 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including, but 
not limited to, timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each interest 
period and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count 
fractions, business day convention, amendments to any other Condition and other 
administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such SARON Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
determines that no market practice for use of the SARON Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner); 
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread 
to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for the purposes of determining SARON, 
which spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, taking into account the historical median 
between the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy Rate during the two 
year period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event occurred 
(or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which 
the first of such events occurred); and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means any day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Zurich. 
(h) 
When TONA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in the 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the TONA rate of interest determination method, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “TONA Rate of Interest 
Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either 
TONA Lookback Compound or TONA Shift Compound, as follow: 
(x) if TONA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below be TONA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or

--- Page 101 ---
EMEA 150012139 
101 
 
 
 
(y) if TONA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below 
be TONA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); 
“TONA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the TONA as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+
TONAi-pTBD×ni
365
) -1
d0
i=1
]× 365
d  
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such Tokyo Banking Day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the following Tokyo Banking Day (i+1); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Tokyo Banking 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
“TONAi-pTBD” means in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the TONA for the Tokyo Banking Day falling “p” Tokyo 
Banking Day prior to the relevant Tokyo Banking Day “i”. 
“TONA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the TONA as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ TONAi×ni
365
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 365
d

--- Page 102 ---
EMEA 150012139 
102 
 
 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo 
Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, means the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such Tokyo Banking Day “i” up to, 
but excluding, the following Tokyo Banking Day (i+1); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling a number of Observation Shift Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Tokyo Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
“TONAi” means for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the TONA in respect of that Tokyo Banking Day “i”. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as 
any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
If TONA in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day is subsequently corrected and 
provided by the administrator of TONA to authorised distributors of TONA and 
published on the Relevant Screen Page no later than the Correction Cut-off Time (if 
any) or, if later (or there is no such Correction Cut-off Time), one hour after the rate 
for such Tokyo Banking Day is published on the Relevant Screen Page, then TONA 
in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day shall be the subsequently corrected and 
published rate appearing on the Relevant Screen Page.  
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, failing which the 
Issuer, determines at any time prior to the TONA Reference Time on any Tokyo 
Banking Day that a TONA Index Cessation Event has occurred, then the rate in 
respect of each Tokyo Banking Day falling on or after the TONA Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be the JPY Recommended Rate. If there is a JPY Recommended 
Rate before the end of the first Tokyo Banking Day following the TONA Index 
Cessation Effective Date, but neither the administrator nor authorised distributors 
provide or publish the JPY Recommended Rate, then, subject to the below, in respect 
of any day for which the JPY Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY 
Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published 
JPY Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided or published JPY 
Recommended Rate, then in respect of any day for which the JPY Recommended 
Rate is required, references to the JPY Recommended Rate will be deemed to be 
references to the last provided or published TONA.

--- Page 103 ---
EMEA 150012139 
103 
 
 
 
If: 
(a) 
there is no JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Tokyo 
Banking Day following the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date; or  
(b) 
there is a JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occurs in respect of such JPY 
Recommended Rate,  
then the rate in respect of each Tokyo Banking Day falling on or after the TONA 
Index Cessation Effective Date or a JPY Recommended Rate Fixing Day occurring 
on or after the JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date, as the case 
may be, will be a commercially reasonable alternative for TONA or the JPY 
Recommended Rate, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, taking into account any rate implemented by 
central counterparties and/or futures exchanges, in each case with trading volumes 
in derivatives or futures referencing TONA or the JPY Recommended Rate (as 
applicable) that the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as 
applicable, considers sufficient for that rate to be a representative alternative rate. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent 
or another entity appointed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(h), as 
applicable, including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to 
take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), as applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become 
effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(h), if (i) the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), or (ii) the Issuer determines that (a) the 
replacement of then-current TONA or any other amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the affected Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes) a MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event or (in case of Subordinated Notes only) a Capital 
Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating 
any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than 
the relevant Maturity Date, no replacement of TONA will be adopted by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the replacement of then-current 
TONA for the relevant Interest Accrual Period will be the TONA determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) as of the Tokyo Banking Day immediately 
preceding the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date. 
For the purpose of this condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(h):

--- Page 104 ---
EMEA 150012139 
104 
 
 
 
“Correction Cut-off Time” means the time specified as such by the administrator 
of TONA in the TONA benchmark methodology. 
“JPY Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for 
TONA by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan for the 
purpose of recommending a replacement for TONA (which rate may be produced by 
the Bank of Japan or another administrator) and as provided by the administrator of 
that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the administrator thereof (or a successor 
administrator), published by an authorised distributor in respect of such day; 
“JPY Recommended Rate Fixing Day” means, in respect of the JPY 
Recommended Rate and any day, the publication day specified by the administrator 
of the JPY Recommended Rate for the JPY Recommended Rate in its benchmark 
methodology; 
“JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of 
the JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, 
the first date on which the JPY Recommended Rate would ordinarily have been 
published or provided and is no longer published or provided; 
“JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means, in respect of the JPY 
Recommended Rate:  
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the JPY Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the JPY 
Recommended Rate; or  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, the central 
bank for the currency of the JPY Recommended Rate, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the JPY Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the JPY 
Recommended Rate; 
“Tokyo Banking Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Tokyo;  
“TONA” means in respect of a Tokyo Banking Day, the Tokyo Overnight Average 
(TONA) rate administered by the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator) for 
such Tokyo Banking Day as provided by the administrator of TONA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) 
in each case as of approximately 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) (or any amended 
publication time as specified by the administrator of such rate) on the Tokyo Banking

--- Page 105 ---
EMEA 150012139 
105 
 
 
 
Day immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day. If no such rate is published by 
the administrator of TONA or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided 
by the administrator of TONA other than as a consequence of a TONA Index 
Cessation Event, then TONA for such Tokyo Banking Day will be TONA last 
provided or published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise published by 
relevant authorised distributors) that appears at approximately 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo 
time) on the Bank of Japan's Website on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately 
following such Tokyo Banking Day. 
“TONA Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of TONA and a TONA 
Index Cessation Event, the first date on which TONA would ordinarily have been 
published or provided and is no longer published or provided; 
“TONA Index Cessation Event” means, in respect of TONA:  
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of TONA announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide TONA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide TONA; or  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of TONA, the central bank for the currency 
of TONA, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
TONA, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
TONA or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator of TONA, which states that the administrator of 
TONA has ceased or will cease to provide TONA permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide TONA; and 
“TONA Reference Time” means, with respect to any determination of TONA, 10.00 
a.m. (Tokyo time) on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following the date of such 
determination. 
(i) 
If (y) a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at 
any time or (z) the fallback provisions provided in (b) and (c) of this Condition 
3(d)(ii)(C) and in Condition 3(f)(ii) fail to provide a means of determining the Original 
Reference Rate, when the Terms and Conditions of any Floating Rate Notes provide 
for any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference 
to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail 
over the other fallback provisions set out in (b) and (c) of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C) 
and over the fallback provisions set out in Condition 3(f)(ii), it being specified that 
this condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i) shall not apply when €STR, SONIA, SOFR, SARON or 
TONA is the applicable Reference Rate: 
(A) 
Appointment of a Rate Determination Agent 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate Determination 
Agent as soon as reasonably practicable to determine a Successor Reference Rate, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (in accordance with Condition 
3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance 
with Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(C)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(D)).

--- Page 106 ---
EMEA 150012139 
106 
 
 
 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i) 
shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in 
consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Rate 
Determination Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and, where applicable, the Couponholders and 
Receiptholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
3(d)(ii)(C)(i). 
(B) 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Reference Rate, then such Successor Reference 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Reference Rate but there is an Alternative 
Reference Rate, then such Alternative Reference Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(C)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that (i) an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate and 
(ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) 
for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component thereof) by reference to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i) and the Rate 
Determination Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner (i) that amendments to these Terms and Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (if any) (such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(E), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, vary these Terms and Conditions to the extent needed 
to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to 
have accepted the Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and

--- Page 107 ---
EMEA 150012139 
107 
 
 
 
the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) pursuant to this 
paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this paragraph (D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
(E) 
Notices 
Any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), determined under this 
Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i) will be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving 
such information from the Rate Determination Agent, to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, and, in accordance with Condition 14, the 
Noteholders and, where applicable, the Couponholders and Receiptholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.  
The Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred, (ii) the 
Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate and, (iii) 
any Adjustment Spread and/or (iv) any Benchmark Amendments, in 
each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (if any). 
The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to 
any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. In the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of the Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) as specified in such certificate, and without prejudice to the 
Fiscal Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid, the Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will be 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, 
the Noteholders and, where applicable, the Couponholders and Receiptholders. 
(F) 
Survival of the Original Reference Rate 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent; or (ii) the Rate 
Determination Agent appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Reference 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with 
Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(B) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or 
(iii) the Issuer determines that the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either 
case, any Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark Amendments (as the case 
may be):

--- Page 108 ---
EMEA 150012139 
108 
 
 
 
(x) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes being fully or 
partially excluded from the own funds and eligible liabilities available to meet 
the MREL or TLAC Requirements (as called or defined in the then applicable 
laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable to the Issuer); or 
(y) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes 
being fully or partially excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer with respect 
to Subordinated Notes; or 
(z) could reasonably result in the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective 
maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date,  
then the Reference Rate or CMS Reference Rate applicable for the purpose of 
determining the Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
shall be equal to the last Reference Rate or CMS Reference Rate available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Calculation Agent. In such 
circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, 
to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i) mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread 
and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance 
with this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i). 
(G) 
Fallback in respect of the Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate 
If (y) a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to a Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate at any time or (z) the fallback provisions 
provided for in Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(b) and Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(c) and in 
Condition 3(f)(ii) fail to provide a means of determining the Successor Reference 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours 
to appoint a Rate Determination Agent and ensure that the provisions of this 
Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i) shall apply as if the Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate were the Original Reference Rate. 
(j) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being TEC 10, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the EUR-TEC10-CNO1 calculated by 
the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, 
being Reuters Screen CNOTEC10 Page or any successor page, as at 10.00 a.m. (Paris 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For information purposes only, the EUR-TEC10-CNO, established in April 1996, is the 
percentage yield (rounded to the nearest second decimal point, 0.005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards) of a notional 10 year French Treasury Bond (Obligation Assimilable 
du Trésor, “OAT”) corresponding to the linear interpolation between the yield to 
maturity of the two actual OATs (the “Reference OATs”) whose periods to maturity are 
 
1 
All potential users of the EUR-TEC10-CNO must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 109 ---
EMEA 150012139 
109 
 
 
 
closest in duration to the notional 10 year OAT, one Reference OAT's duration being 
less than 10 years and the other Reference OAT's duration being greater than 10 years.  
If, on any Interest Determination Date, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen 
CNOTEC10 Page or any successor page, (i) EUR-TEC 10-CNO shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the basis of the mid-market prices for each of the two reference 
OATs, which would have been used by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire for the 
calculation of EUR-TEC10-CNO, quoted by five Spécialistes en Valeurs du Trésor at 
approximately 10:00 a.m. Paris time on the Interest Determination Date in question; (ii) 
the Issuer will procure that, upon request of and after consultation with the Calculation 
Agent, each Spécialiste en Valeurs du Trésor provides the Calculation Agent with a 
quotation of its price; and (iii) EUR-TEC10-CNO will be the redemption yield of the 
arithmetic mean of such quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent after 
discarding the highest and lowest of such quotations. The above mentioned redemption 
yield shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula that 
would have been used by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire for the determination 
of EUR-TEC10-CNO. 
(k) Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to 
two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
(e) Rate of Interest on Inflation Linked Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Inflation Linked Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 3(m). Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the non-revised consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des 
Etudes Economiques (the “INSEE”) (“CPI”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, 
this Condition 3(e)(ii) shall apply. Terms defined in this Condition 3(e)(ii) shall have the meanings 
set out below only when this Condition 3(e)(ii) and, where applicable, Condition 3(e)(iv) shall 
apply.

--- Page 110 ---
EMEA 150012139 
110 
 
 
 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the “CPI Linked 
Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) 
below. 
(a) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest Determination 
Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 3(e)(ii), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is the ratio 
between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any 
Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be, and (ii) the base reference 
defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 
3(l)(iii), the IIR will be rounded, if necessary, to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up). 
“CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of any given 
month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding such month, and (B) 
in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third month 
preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM - 3 
+ 
D-1 
 
(CPI Monthly Reference 
IndexM - 2 – CPI Monthly 
Reference IndexM - 3) 
NDM 
with: 
“NDM” being the number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D” being the actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2” being the price index of month M - 2; and 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3” being the price index of month M - 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 3(l)(iii), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will be rounded 
if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the Agence 
France Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg page TRESOR or any 
successor page of any of them and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in the 
interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such methods shall 
be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the French Treasury (Trésor) for its 
obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l’inflation. 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer price index excluding 
tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and published monthly by 
the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
(b) The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) in its 
July 2011 Paper entitled “Inflation-linked bonds”. In the case of any conflict between the 
calculation method provided below and the calculation method provided by the French Bond

--- Page 111 ---
EMEA 150012139 
111 
 
 
 
Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the fixed rate per annum specified in the relevant 
Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(c) 
(1) If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a substitute 
CPI Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index”) shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has already been 
published, such index shall automatically be used as the Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index. Such provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index would be 
published under the heading “indice de substitution”. Once the definitive CPI 
Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically apply from the day 
following its release to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute index shall 
be calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as set out 
in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
 
 
1 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-1 
 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-1 
12 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-13 
 
 
(2) In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the purpose of 
calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI Monthly Reference Indexes 
which have been calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of the 
December CPI Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, which 
corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following 
year. Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following equation: 
Key = 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis 
 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference Index
Date D 
= 
CPI Monthly Reference 
Index 
Date D 
 Key 
New Basis 
Previous Basis 
 
(iii) Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the non-revised harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the 
rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat 
(the “HICP”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 3(e)(iii) shall 
apply. Terms defined in this Condition 3(e)(iii) shall have the meanings set out below only when 
this Condition 3(e)(iii) and, where applicable, Condition 3(e)(iv) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the “HICP Linked 
Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) 
below.

--- Page 112 ---
EMEA 150012139 
112 
 
 
 
(a) On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest Determination 
Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 3(e)(iii), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is the ratio 
between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any 
Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be, and (ii) the base reference 
defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the 
date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding 
Condition 3(l)(iii), the IIR will be rounded, if necessary, to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
“HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of any given 
month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding such month, and (B) 
in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third month 
preceding such month (M – 3) and the second month preceding such month (M – 2) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-3 + D-1 
  (HICP Monthly Reference IndexM - 2 – 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M - 3) 
NDM 
 
with: 
“NDM” being the number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D” being the actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2” being the price index of month M – 2; and 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3” being the price index of month M – 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 3(l)(iii), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the Agence 
France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01 or any successor page, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr 
and on Bloomberg page TRESOR or any successor page. 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index” refers to the harmonised index of consumer prices 
excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding 
tobacco as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted or replaced 
from time to time as provided herein. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a given month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
month will not be used in any calculations. 
(b) The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the fixed rate per annum specified in the relevant 
Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(c) 
(1) If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a substitute 
HICP Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index”)

--- Page 113 ---
EMEA 150012139 
113 
 
 
 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(x) If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been published by 
Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as the Substitute HICP Monthly 
Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP Monthly Reference Index is released, 
it would automatically apply from the day following its release to all calculations 
taking place from this date. 
(y) If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute index 
shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as 
set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
 
 1 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M - 1  
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-1 
12 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-13 
 
 
(2) In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the purpose 
of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the two HICP Monthly Reference 
Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of 
the December HICP Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, 
which corresponds to the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the 
following year. Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following 
equation: 
Key = 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis 
 
Such that: 
HICP Monthly Reference 
Index 
Date D  
New Basis = 
HICP Monthly Reference 
Index  
Date D  
Previous 
Basis 
 Key
 
 
 
 
 
(iv) Inflation Linked Range Accrual Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of any Inflation Linked Notes with respect to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods may be conditional upon the YoY Inflation Index Level (as defined below) being 
equal to, lower than and/or greater than pre-determined rates on, before or after a specified date or 
on one or more days during a specified period as shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms (an 
“Inflation Linked Range Accrual Note”). 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Range Accrual Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be a rate per annum determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with one of 
the following formulae: 
(A) Rate of Interest = Applicable Rate x Accrual Factor; or 
(B) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x [Applicable Rate x Accrual Factor]. 
For the purposes of such Inflation Linked Range Accrual Notes, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings:

--- Page 114 ---
EMEA 150012139 
114 
 
 
 
“Accrual Factor” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, a fraction where the 
numerator “n” is a number between 0 and 12 corresponding to the number of Interest 
Determination Dates (as defined in Condition 3(e)(iii)(a) above or as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, as the case may be) since the Interest Commencement Date on which the YoY Inflation 
Index Level was within the relevant Range divided by 12 as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Applicable Rate” means the relevant rate (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) 
calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as the case may 
be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“Gearing Factor” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Latest Level” means, in respect of any Interest Determination Date, the HICP Monthly Reference 
Index of the third month preceding the month in which such Interest Determination Date falls; 
“Lower Limit” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Range” means in respect of any YoY Inflation Index Level any one (only) of Range1, Range2, 
Range3, Range4 or Range5 as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Range1” means that on the relevant Interest Determination Date the YoY Inflation Index Level 
is greater than or equal to the Lower Limit and lower than or equal to the Upper Limit; 
“Range2” means that on the relevant Interest Determination Date the YoY Inflation Index Level 
is greater than the Lower Limit and lower than the Upper Limit; 
“Range3” means that on the relevant Interest Determination Date the YoY Inflation Index Level 
is greater than or equal to the Lower Limit and lower than the Upper Limit; 
“Range4” means that on the relevant Interest Determination Date the YoY Inflation Index Level 
is greater than the Lower Limit and lower than or equal to the Upper Limit; 
“Range5” means that on the relevant Interest Determination Date the YoY Inflation Index Level 
is less than the Lower Limit or greater than the Upper Limit; 
“Reference Level” means, in respect of any Interest Determination Date, the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index of the 15th month preceding the month in which such Interest Determination Date 
falls; 
“Upper Limit” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“YoY Inflation Index Level” means the ratio, calculated by the Calculation Agent and expressed 
as a percentage (rounding, if necessary and notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 3(l)(iii), 
to the nearest eighth decimal point (with 0.000000005 being rounded upwards), in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Latest Level 
– 1 
Reference Level 
 
(f) Rate of Interest on CMS Linked Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each CMS Linked Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of

--- Page 115 ---
EMEA 150012139 
115 
 
 
 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 3(m). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if 
no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment 
Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months, or other period shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Interest Period, after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) CMS Rate 
(a) The Rate of Interest in respect of CMS Linked Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent by applying one of the following formulae (a “CMS 
Rate”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) Rate of Interest = CMS Rate 
(B) Rate of Interest = Max[(Gearing Factor  CMS Rate); Min RI]; 
(C) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor  CMS Rate; 
(D) Rate of Interest = (Gearing Factor  CMS Rate) + Margin; 
(E) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor  (CMS + Margin) 
(F) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor  (CMS Rate – Margin); 
(G) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor  [Max(0; CMS Rate – Margin1) – Max(0; CMS Rate 
– Margin2)]; 
(H) Rate of Interest = CMS Rate1 – (CMS Rate2  Gearing Factor); 
(I) 
Rate of Interest = (CMS Rate1 – (Gearing Factor  CMS Rate2)) + Margin; 
(J) Rate of Interest = Min[(Applicable Rate + Margin); Gearing Factor (CMS Rate1 – CMS 
Rate2)]; 
(K) Rate of Interest = Min[CMS Rate1; Applicable Rate] – CMS Rate2 - Margin; 
(L) Rate of Interest = (1 + CMS Rate – Margin) – 1;  
(M) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor  (CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2); 
(N) Rate of Interest = Min [Max RI; Max [[CMS Rate1 + [(CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2) – 
Margin]]; Min RI]]; 
(O) Rate of Interest = Min [Max RI; Max [[(Gearing Factor x CMS Rate) – Margin]; Min 
RI]]; 
(P) Rate of Interest = Min [Applicable Rate; Max [MinRI; (CMS Rate + Margin)]]; 
(Q) Rate of Interest = Min [CMS Rate1, CMS Rate2] [+/-] Margin; 
(R) Rate of Interest = Min [MaxRI; (CMS Rate + Margin)]; 
(S) Rate of Interest = Max [Min [(Applicable Rate x CMS Rate); (Gearing Factor x CMS 
Rate)]; MinRI]; or 
(T) Rate of Interest = Max [Min [(Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate); (Gearing Factor2 x CMS 
Rate)]; MinRI] 
where:

--- Page 116 ---
EMEA 150012139 
116 
 
 
 
“Applicable Rate”, “Applicable Rate1” and “Applicable Rate2” mean the rates (expressed 
as a percentage) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates 
and/or Floating Rate Options (as the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“CMS Rate”, “CMS Rate1” and “CMS Rate2” mean the relevant CMS Reference Rate(s) 
or Floating Rate Option(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which may, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be calculated by reference to the mathematical 
difference between, product of, quotient of, or sum of, two CMS Reference Rates or Floating 
Rate Options, or by applying one of the formulae specified in sub-paragraphs (A) to (J) above; 
“CMS Reference Rate” means the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in EUR with 
a maturity of the relevant specified maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Relevant Swap Rate”), expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent;  
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available on any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Calculation Agent shall determine on such relevant Interest 
Determination Date the applicable rate based on quotations of five Reference Banks (to be 
selected by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer) for the Relevant Swap Rate relating to the 
relevant maturity at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, such quotations being provided to the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks upon 
request of the Issuer, after consultation with and upon request of the Calculation Agent. The 
highest and lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) quotations 
so determined shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining 
the Reference Rate which will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to five significant 
figures with halves being rounded up) of such provided quotations. 
If fewer than three quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
above paragraph, it will be determined in accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i) above;  
“Gearing Factor”, “Gearing Factor1” and “Gearing Factor2” have the meanings specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Margin”, “Margin1” and “Margin2” have the meanings specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Max” means, when followed by two or more amounts and/or calculations inside brackets, 
and each separated by a comma or a semi-colon, the greater of such amounts and/or 
calculations. For example, “Max (X[,/;]Y) means whichever is the greater of the component 
X or Y”. 
“Max RI” means Maximum Rate of Interest. 
“Min” means, when followed by two or more amounts and/or calculations inside brackets, 
and each separated by a comma or a semi-colon, the lesser of such amounts and/or 
calculations. For example, “Min (X[,/;]Y)” means whichever is the lesser of component X or 
Y; and  
where “Screen Rate Determination” and/or “ISDA Determination” and/or “FBF 
Determination” is/are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
provisions of Condition 3(e)(ii) shall apply as though references to Floating Rate Notes were 
references to CMS Linked Notes.

--- Page 117 ---
EMEA 150012139 
117 
 
 
 
“Min RI” means Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(iii) 
Range Accrual Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of any Range Accrual Notes with respect to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods may be determined by applying any one of the CMS Rates or may be an 
Applicable Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms and be conditional upon one or more 
specified CMS Rates (either individually or when aggregated or subtracted from each other) 
being equal to, lower than or greater than a pre-determined rate on, before or after a specified 
date or on one or more days during a specified period as shall be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (a “Range Accrual Note”). 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Range Accrual Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = Relevant Rate  Accrual Factor 
For the purposes of such Range Accrual Notes, the following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
“Accrual Factor” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the number of Range 
Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Observation Period in respect of which the relevant Single 
Underlying Value and/or Dual Underlying Value, as the case may be, fell within the relevant 
Range and/or satisfied the relevant Barrier Level Condition(s) on the same Range Accrual Day, 
divided by the total number of days in such Interest Observation Period, in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Applicable Rate” means the relevant rate (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) 
calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as the case 
may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“Barrier” means, in respect of any Single Underlying Value and/or Dual Underlying Value any 
one (only) of Barrier1 or Barrier2, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Barrier Level Condition” means a Barrier Level1 Condition and/or a Barrier Level2 
Condition; 
“Barrier Level1 Condition” means, in respect of any relevant Range Accrual Day, that the 
relevant Single Underlying Value is greater than or equal to Barrier Level1; 
“Barrier Level2 Condition” means, in respect of any relevant Range Accrual Day, that the 
relevant Dual Underlying Value is greater than or equal to Barrier Level2; 
“Barrier1 Level” will be as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Barrier2 Level” will be as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Dual Underlying(s)” means CMS2 and/or CMS3 as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Dual Underlying Value” means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day the amount equal to 
CMS Rate2 minus CMS Rate3 as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, such Interest 
Accrual Period. For each calendar day which is not a T2 Business Day during the Interest 
Observation Period, the level of the relevant CMS Rates for each such day shall be the 
corresponding level of the relevant CMS Rates applicable to the immediately preceding T2 
Business Day in such Interest Observation Period. The level of the relevant CMS Rates 
attributable to each of the last five calendar days of such Interest Observation Period until the

--- Page 118 ---
EMEA 150012139 
118 
 
 
 
last day of such Interest Accrual Period (inclusive) shall be the corresponding level of the 
relevant CMS Rates applicable to the last T2 Business Day during such Interest Observation 
Period falling immediately prior to such fifth calendar day; 
“Lower Limit” means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Range” means in respect of (i) any Single Underlying Value and/or (ii) Dual Underlying Value 
any one (only) of Range1, Range2, Range3, Range4 or Range5 as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Range1” means that on the relevant Range Accrual Day the relevant Single Underlying Value 
and/or Dual Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the Lower Limit and lower than or 
equal to the Upper Limit; 
“Range2” means that on the relevant Range Accrual Day the relevant Single Underlying Value 
and/or Dual Underlying Value is greater than the Lower Limit and lower than the Upper Limit; 
“Range3” means that on the relevant Range Accrual Day the relevant Single Underlying Value 
and/or Dual Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the Lower Limit and lower than the 
Upper Limit; 
“Range4” means that on the relevant Range Accrual Day the relevant Single Underlying Value 
and/or Dual Underlying Value is greater than the Lower Limit and lower than or equal to the 
Upper Limit; 
“Range5” means that on the relevant Range Accrual Day the relevant Single Underlying Value 
and/or Dual Underlying Value is less than the Lower Limit or greater than the Upper Limit; 
“Range Accrual Day” means, with respect to an Interest Observation Period, each date 
specified as a Range Accrual Day in the relevant Final Terms, which may be each date falling 
every one (1), seven (7), thirty (30), sixty (60), ninety (90), one hundred and eighty (180) or 
three hundred and sixty-five (365) days after the first date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or such other date(s) (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) falling within such 
Interest Observation Period; 
“Relevant Rate” means the Applicable Rate or the CMS Rate as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Single Underlying” means CMS Rate1 specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Single Underlying Value” means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day the rate of the Single 
Underlying on that Range Accrual Day; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or 
may be equal to zero (0); 
“Upper Limit” means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(g) Rate of Interest on TEC 10 Linked Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of TEC 10 Linked Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by applying one of the following formulae, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
Rate of Interest = [Max (0%, Gearing Factor x (TEC 10 Rate – Margin)]; 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest = [Max (0%, Gearing Factor x (TEC 10 Rate + Margin)];

--- Page 119 ---
EMEA 150012139 
119 
 
 
 
(iii) Rate of Interest = TEC 10 Rate – Margin; or 
(iv) Rate of Interest = TEC 10 Rate + Margin; 
where: 
“Gearing Factor” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Margin” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) Rate of Interest on Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Rate of Interest of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 4(b)). 
(i) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert, or that will 
automatically change, on one or more dates set out in the relevant Final Terms from one specified interest 
basis (such as, but not limited to, Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS Rate and/or HICP Linked Interest) to 
another specified interest basis (such as, but not limited to, Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS Rate and/or 
HICP Linked Interest). 
(j) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (B) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if “ISDA Determination” is specified as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions and “Unscheduled Holiday” (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then if (i) Floating Rate Business Day Convention, Modified 
Following Business Day Convention or Preceding Business Day Convention applies to a particular date 
and (ii) such date falls on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday 
(disregarding references to “Valuation Business Day” and “Exercise Business Day” and construing 
references to the “Confirmation” to mean the relevant Final Terms) notwithstanding the provisions of 
limbs (i), (iii) and (iv) of the above sub-paragraph, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day. 
(k) Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue

--- Page 120 ---
EMEA 150012139 
120 
 
 
 
(after as well as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 3 to 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6).  
(l) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one 
or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 3(c) or, as the case may be, Condition 3(e) above by 
adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such 
Margin subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher rate 
is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall 
due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes 
“unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country or 
countries of such currency. 
(m) Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest Accrual 
Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified hereon, 
and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount is applicable to 
such Interest Accrual Period in the relevant Final Terms, in which case the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest 
Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest 
Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for 
which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count 
Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(n) Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts, 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall, as soon as practicable 
on each Interest Determination Date or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent or the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent, as applicable, may be required to calculate any rate, any Redemption 
Amount, Fair Market Value Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain any quote or make any 
determination or calculation, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Redemption Amount, the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount, or Instalment Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as the 
case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period 
and the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Redemption 
Amount, the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the

--- Page 121 ---
EMEA 150012139 
121 
 
 
 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information 
and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange, 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of 
a Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination or, in the case of Range Accrual Notes, no later than the last day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period. Where any Specified Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 3(j), the Interest Amounts and the Specified Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 8, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in 
respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
The determination of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount, Redemption Amount and Instalment 
Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent(s), as applicable, shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(o) Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below. 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org);  
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or the 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination Agent determines 
and which is required to be applied to the Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate, 
as the case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Reference Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body;  
(ii) 
if no recommendation required under (i) above has been made or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate, is customary in international debt capital market transactions for 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Alternative Reference Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Reference Rate); 
(iii) 
if (i) and (ii) does not apply, which is recognised or acknowledged as being representative 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate, as the case may be; or 
(iv) 
if (i), (ii) and (iii) does not apply, the Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate;

--- Page 122 ---
EMEA 150012139 
122 
 
 
 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Rate 
Determination Agent determines in accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(B) and which is customary 
in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
“Alternative Mid-Swap Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Rate 
Determination Agent determines in accordance with Condition 3(c)(B) and which is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(D); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as 
applicable ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) Business Days or ceasing 
to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-
Swap Rate that it (i) will cease publishing or (ii) has ceased to publish the Original Reference 
Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate); 
or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate, that the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate or any component thereof, as applicable has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate, the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences which would not allow its further use in respect of the Notes; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate announcing that the use of the Original Reference Rate or the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally, or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences which would not allow its further use in respect of the Notes; or 
(f) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable announcing that such 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable is no longer (or 
will no longer be) representative of its underlying market or the methodology to calculate 
such Original Reference Rate or Original Mid-Swap Rate has materially changed; or 
(g) 
it has become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Original Reference Rate, the Original Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, 
as applicable; or

--- Page 123 ---
EMEA 150012139 
123 
 
 
 
(h) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 or article 35 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 of any 
benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish the Original Reference Rate or 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable, has been adopted (for 
the avoidance of doubt, the authorisation or registration of the administrator of a benchmark 
shall not be considered to be withdrawn if the administration of such benchmark is 
transferred to another administrator that is so authorised or registered), 
provided that: 
(i) in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date of the cessation 
of publication of the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable; 
(ii) in the case of sub-paragraph (c), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date on which the Reference 
Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable, has been or will be discontinued; 
(iii) in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date on which the 
Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable, is prohibited from being 
used; 
(iv) in the case of sub-paragraph (e), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date on which the 
Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable, becomes subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences; 
(v) in the case of sub-paragraph (f), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date on which the Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof is no longer representative of its underlying market 
or the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof has 
materially changed, 
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the date of the relevant public 
statement coincides with the relevant date in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above, as applicable). 
“Benchmark Trigger Event” means a Benchmark Event. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for that currency (which, in the case of Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong) and/or 
(ii) in the case of euro, a day on which the T2 is operating (a “T2 Business Day”) and/or 
(iii) in the case of a specified currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in the specified currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is specified, generally in each 
of the Business Centre(s) so specified; 
“Calculation Amount” means an amount specified in the relevant Final Terms constituting either (i) in 
the case of one single denomination, the amount of that denomination (e.g. EUR100,000) or (ii) in the 
case of multiple denominations, the highest common amount by which the multiple denominations may 
be divided (for example, EUR1,000 in the case of EUR101,000, EUR102,000 or EUR103,000); 
“CMT Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such 
Reset Period, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to:

--- Page 124 ---
EMEA 150012139 
124 
 
 
 
(a) 
the yield for United States Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for the relevant CMT 
Rate Maturity, as published in the H.15 under the caption “Treasury constant maturities 
(Nominal)”, as that yield is displayed, for the relevant Reset Determination Date, as the case 
may be, on the CMT Rate Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if the yield referred to in (a) above is not published by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on 
the CMT Rate Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the yield 
for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for the relevant CMT Rate Maturity as 
published in the H.15 under the caption "Treasury constant maturities (Nominal)" for such 
Reset Determination Date, as the case may be; or 
(c) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (b) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New York City 
time) on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate on such Reset 
Determination Date. 
“CMT Rate Maturity” means the designated maturity for the CMT Rate to be used for the 
determination of the Reset Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“CMT Rate Screen Page” means page the Bloomberg service or any successor service or such other 
page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying "Treasury constant 
maturities" as reported in the H.15; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”) 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365), 
(ii) if “Actual/365 – FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is 
the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. If 
part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 – FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the 
fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose 
denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed 
during the leap year and whose denominator is 366, 
(iii) if “Actual/Actual – FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each calculation, 
the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose 
denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period), 
(iv) if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365, 
(v) if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, 
(vi) if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
(
)

(
)


360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where:

--- Page 125 ---
EMEA 150012139 
125 
 
 
 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30 and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30, 
(vii) if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
(
)

(
)


360
1
2
1
2
30
1
2
360
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30 and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
(viii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
(
)

(
)


360
1
2
1
2
30
1
2
360
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls,

--- Page 126 ---
EMEA 150012139 
126 
 
 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30 and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
(ix) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon: 
(a) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(b) if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, 
the Interest Payment Date; 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted 
or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended; 
“Fair Market Value Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note or, as the case may be, 
Calculation Amount, such amount (not less than zero) as shall be determined to be the fair market value 
(in the currency of the denomination of such Note) of such Note or, as the case may be, Calculation 
Amount, as at (or about) the date of early redemption, taking into account, without limitation (i) the cost 
to the Issuer of unwinding any related underlying hedging arrangements entered into in respect of such 
Note or, as the case may be, Calculation Amount (such as, but not limited to, any market bid/offer spread 
and any ancillary cost in relation to such unwinding), whether such hedge is held directly by the Issuer 
or indirectly through an affiliate, and/or (ii) any replacement liquidity costs and/or (iii) any other 
appropriate costs, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
In determining the fair market value of the Note or, as the case may be, Calculation Amount, the 
Calculation Agent shall take into consideration all information which it deems relevant (including, 
without limitation, market conditions). 
In the case of early redemption pursuant to Condition 8, the Calculation Agent shall not take into account 
the financial condition of the Issuer and for such purposes the fair market value shall be determined on 
the presumption that the Issuer is able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Notes as at the 
date of redemption.

--- Page 127 ---
EMEA 150012139 
127 
 
 
 
The Fair Market Value Redemption Amount determined as specified above shall be deemed to include 
any amounts in respect of accrued interest. 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 Fédération Bancaire Française (“FBF”) 
Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments (formerly 2007 Master 
Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical 
Schedules published by the FBF, as the case may be) (together the “FBF Master Agreement”), as 
amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date; 
“First Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date (or, if there is no Second Reset Date) the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Period U.S. Treasury Yield” means the yield specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the Reset Reference Rate for the First Reset Period and 
the First Margin, adjusted as necessary according to the provisions of the applicable Final Terms;  
“H.15” means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, published 
by 
the 
board 
of 
governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
https://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or such other page, section, successor site or publication 
as may replace it; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 3; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date; 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and shall mean the Fixed 
Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being payable on the Interest Payment 
Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part and 
(ii) in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for that 
period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
or the interest amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the 
day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two T2 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Specified Interest Payment Date and each successive period

--- Page 128 ---
EMEA 150012139 
128 
 
 
 
beginning on (and including) any Specified Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next succeeding Specified Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become 
payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Specified Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon; 
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means, for any Reset Period, the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction 
(i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with 
an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR or other reference rate as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other rate, if any, as will have generally replaced 
EURIBOR or any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms in the relevant market at the 
relevant time for purposes of the Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination Agent 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, as the case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body;  
(b) 
if no recommendation required under (a) above has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, is customary in international debt capital market transactions 
for transactions which reference the Original Mid-Swap Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate); 
(c) 
if (a) and (b) does not apply, which is recognised or acknowledged as being representative 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Mid-Swap Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, as the case may be; or 
(d) 
if (a), (b) and (c) does not apply, the Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate; 
“Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(c)(D); 
“Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event” means a Benchmark Event; 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Mid-Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period, either:

--- Page 129 ---
EMEA 150012139 
129 
 
 
 
(a) (x) if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(y) if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page,  
in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall, upon request of and after consultation with the Calculation 
Agent procure that the Calculation Agent is provided by each of the Reset Reference Banks with its 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant Time on the Reset 
Determination Date in question. 
If, on any Reset Determination Date, at least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period will be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the relevant quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) 
and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. If on any Reset Determination Date only two relevant quotations are provided, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant 
Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations provided 
and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset Rate 
of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period 
will be the relevant quotation provided and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case may 
be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided above, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, shall be based on the last Mid-Swap 
Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case 
may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
If the provisions of paragraph (b) above fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of Interest, 
the fallback provisions provided in Condition 3(c) above shall apply.

--- Page 130 ---
EMEA 150012139 
130 
 
 
 
“Original Mid-Swap Rate” means the originally-specified mid-swap rate used to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Resettable Fixed Rate Notes as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate Determination Agent” means an agent appointed by the Issuer which may be (i) an Independent 
Adviser, (ii) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial center of the Specified Currency 
(which may include one of the Dealers involved in the issue of the Notes) as appointed by the Issuer, 
(iii) any affiliate of the Issuer, (iv) the Calculation Agent or (v) any other entity which the Issuer 
considers has the necessary competences to carry out such role. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and which 
is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the provisions on this Note; 
“Redemption Amount” means the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, of the Note, 
which in each case, unless otherwise specified hereon, shall be its nominal amount; 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or EUR CMS, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Issuer, upon request of and in consultation with the Calculation Agent or as specified hereon or in the 
Applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon or any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable: 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, 
as applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, 
(c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon; 
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any Subsequent Reset 
Date, as applicable; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Reset Period” means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as applicable; 
“Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination 
Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded if

--- Page 131 ---
EMEA 150012139 
131 
 
 
 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards) determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the basis of the Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate Quotations provided by the Reset 
Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent on such Reset Determination Date: 
(a) 
if at least five such Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate Quotations are provided to 
the Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate will be the arithmetic 
mean of the Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate Quotations provided, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
(b) 
If less than five but more that two Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate Quotations 
are provided to the Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate will 
be the arithmetic mean of the Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate Quotations 
provided, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
(c) 
If only two or less Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate Quotation is provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate will be (i) in the case of 
each Reset Period other than the First Reset Period, the relevant CMT Rate in 
respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the First 
Reset Period, the First Reset Period U.S. Treasury Yield, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
“Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate Quotation” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset 
Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent as 
being a yield-to-maturity based on the arithmetic mean of the secondary market bid prices of the Reset 
Reference Banks for Reset United States Treasury Securities at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York 
City time) on such Reset Determination Date; 
“Reset Reference Banks” means: 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Reset Reference Rate for 
the relevant Reset Period, the principal office in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency of five leading dealers in the swap market; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Reset Reference Rate for the 
relevant Reset Period, five banks which are primary United States Treasury Securities 
dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in U.S. dollars in 
New York City,  
in each case, as selected by the Issuer, upon request of and in consultation with the Calculation Agent 
(excluding any of its affiliates, the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, Agent or any of their respective 
affiliates); 
“Reset Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the 
government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency selected by the Issuer (after 
consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute determined to be 
appropriate by the Issuer, which, for avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation Agent) as having the 
nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion 
of the Issuer) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period;  
“Reset Reference Rate” means either the Mid-Swap Rate, the CMT Rate, the Sterling Reference Bond 
Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the relevant Reset Period;

--- Page 132 ---
EMEA 150012139 
132 
 
 
 
“Reset United States Treasury Securities” means, on the Reset Determination Date, United States 
Treasury Securities with: 
(i) 
an original maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant CMT Rate 
Maturity, a remaining term to maturity of no less than the original maturity less twelve (12) 
months and,  
(ii) 
in a principal amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
such United States Treasury Securities in the New York City market; 
“RMB Note(s)” means a Note or Notes denominated in Renminbi; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency 
in which the Notes are denominated;  
“Sterling Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset 
Determination Date, the gross redemption yield in respect of the Reset Reference Bond expressed as a 
percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt 
Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section 
One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or 
Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 
2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time) 
or, if such basis is no longer in customary market usage at such time, a gross redemption yield calculated 
in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Issuer following 
consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute determined to be 
appropriate by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation Agent), on an 
annual or semi-annual (as the case may be) compounding basis (rounded up (if necessary) to four 
decimal places) of the Reset Reference Bond in respect of that Reset Period, assuming a price for the 
Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reset Reference 
Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date; 
“Subsequent Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means each date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date or, in the case of 
the final Subsequent Reset Date, to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the relevant Reset Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin, adjusted as necessary according 
to the provisions of the applicable Final Terms;  
“Successor Mid-Swap Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body and if, following a Benchmark 
Event, two or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, 
the Rate Determination Agent, shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most 
appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of 
the Issuer; 
“Successor Reference Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body and if, following a Benchmark Event, two

--- Page 133 ---
EMEA 150012139 
133 
 
 
 
or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Rate 
Determination Agent, shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most appropriate, 
having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer; 
“T2” means the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor or 
replacement thereto; 
 “United States Treasury Securities” means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount rate basis. 
(p) Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents or Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms applicable to this Note and 
for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in the English Law Agency Agreement). Where more 
than one Calculation Agent or Make-Whole Calculation Agent are appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent and/or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall 
be construed as each Calculation Agent or Make-Whole Calculation Agent performing its respective 
duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent is unable 
or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent fails duly 
to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, 
Instalment Amount or the Redemption Amount or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any 
other office actively involved in such market) or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to act as such in 
its place. The Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without 
a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
Notice of any change in the Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 below. 
4 
Redemption and Purchase of Notes, Options relating to Notes and Substitution and Variation 
of Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes 
(a) Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 4, each Note 
that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each 
Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified hereon. The outstanding principal 
amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment 
Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the principal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the 
Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount.  
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which, 
unless otherwise provided, is its principal amount or, in the case of a Note falling within sub-
paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount).

--- Page 134 ---
EMEA 150012139 
134 
 
 
 
(b) Early Redemption  
(A)  Zero Coupon Notes: 
(i) 
The Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
payable in respect of any Note that does not bear interest prior to the Maturity Date upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 4(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 8 shall be calculated as provided below. 
(ii) Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the Optional Redemption Amount or 
the Early Redemption Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an 
Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount equal to the issue price of 
the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually.  
(iii) If the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 4(c) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 8 is not paid when due, the Optional Redemption Amount 
or the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be as defined 
in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of 
the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, 
unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 3(k). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
(B) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (A) 
above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 4(c) and Condition 4(d) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 8 shall be the Final Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any 
arrears of interest) or the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(c) Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law or regulation, or any change in the official application 
or interpretation of such law or regulation, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would 
on the occasion of the next payment of interest or other assimilated revenues due in respect of 
Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons, not be able to make such payment 
without having to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 6 below and the obligation 
to pay such additional amounts cannot be avoided by reasonable measures available to the Issuer 
(a “Withholding Tax Event”), the Issuer may, at its option, subject to, in the case of Senior Notes, 
Condition 4(k) and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Condition 4(l), on any Specified Interest 
Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having given 
not more than 45 nor less than 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14 redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding

--- Page 135 ---
EMEA 150012139 
135 
 
 
 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given 
shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of 
interest or other revenues without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) If the Issuer would on the next payment of interest or other assimilated revenues due in respect of 
Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons be prevented by French law from 
making payment to the Noteholders or Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 6 below and the 
obligation to pay such additional amounts cannot be avoided by reasonable measures available to 
the Issuer (a “Tax Gross-Up Event”), then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the 
Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may at its option subject to, in the case of Senior Notes, Condition 4(k) 
and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, Condition 4(l), upon giving not less than 7 days’ prior 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date 
set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Specified Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of the full amount of interest or other revenues then due and payable in respect 
of the Notes, provided that if such notice would expire after such Specified Interest Payment Date 
the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount of interest or other 
revenues then due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) 14 days after giving notice to the 
Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, provided 
that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest 
practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount of interest or other 
revenues payable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event 
This Condition 4(d) applies to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if MREL or TLAC Disqualification 
Event (as defined below) is specified as applicable in respect of Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated 
Notes, this Condition 4(d) applies to such Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. Upon the 
occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event the Issuer may, in respect of Senior Notes, 
subject to Condition 4(k) (if relevant) and in respect of Subordinated Notes, subject to Condition 4(1) 
(if relevant), at its option, at any time and having given no less than seven (7) nor more than forty five 
(45) calendar days’ prior notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and, where applicable, holders of 
any related Receipts and Coupons (in accordance with Condition 14), which notice shall be irrevocable, 
redeem the outstanding Notes in whole, but not in part, at their Early Redemption Amount, determined 
in accordance with Condition 4(b), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event will be permitted before five (5) years after the Issue Date of such Subordinated 
Notes, except in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, if MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event is specified as 
applicable in respect of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes, in the case of such Senior Preferred Notes, 
no redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event will be permitted before 
one (1) year after the Issue Date of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or such Senior Preferred Notes, 
except in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
For the purposes of these Conditions:

--- Page 136 ---
EMEA 150012139 
136 
 
 
 
“FSB” means the Financial Stability Board or any successor or replacement thereof; 
“MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event” means that, by reason of a change in regulatory 
classification of the Notes under the MREL or TLAC Requirements, which change was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of such Series of Notes is excluded fully or partially from the own funds or eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements (as called or defined by the then applicable 
regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable to the MREL Group). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
exclusion of a Series of Notes from the own funds and eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
or TLAC Requirements (i) due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period 
prescribed thereunder and/or (ii) by reason, with respect to Senior Notes only, of any quantitative 
limitation on the amount of liabilities that rank pari passu with unsubordinated liabilities that cannot 
count towards the MREL or TLAC Requirements, does not constitute a MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event; 
“MREL or TLAC Requirements” means the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the MREL Group referred to 
in the BRRD and the CRR, or any other EU laws and regulations implemented in French laws and 
regulations and/or as set out in policies and/or principles of the Single Resolution Board Mechanism 
Regulation, as the case may be, and/or, if applicable to the MREL Group, as per the FSB TLAC Term 
Sheet dated 9 November 2015, as amended from time to time. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “MREL Group” means Crédit Mutuel Group which consists of 
all the affiliates to the central body of the Confédération Nationale du Crédit Mutuel as provided in the 
article L.512-56 of French Code monétaire et financier. 
The “Crédit Mutuel Group” means all the affiliates to the central body of the Confédération Nationale 
du Crédit Mutuel as provided in the article L.512-56 of French Code monétaire et financier. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a Capital Event or a Tax Deduction 
Event with respect to Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer may, in respect of Subordinated Notes, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives and Condition 4(l) and on giving notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) 
falling within the Issuer’s Notice Period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the holders of 
such Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons redeem all, but not 
some only of, the outstanding Subordinated Notes on the date so provided at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or a Tax Deduction Event, provided that the due date for redemption of any Series of Subordinated 
Notes of which notice hereunder may be given in respect of a Tax Deduction Event shall be no earlier 
than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make such payment with interest payable being 
tax deductible. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019), (or any provision of French law implementing the 
Directive 2014/59/EU); 
“Capital Event” means, in respect of any Series of Subordinated Notes, that, by reason of a change in 
the regulatory classification of the Notes under the Relevant Rules that was not reasonably foreseeable 
by the Issuer on the Issue Date of such Series of Subordinated Notes, the Notes are fully or partially

--- Page 137 ---
EMEA 150012139 
137 
 
 
 
excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, provided that such exclusion is not as a result of any 
applicable limits on the amount of Tier 2 Capital; 
“CRD IV” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019) 
(or any provision of French law implementing the Directive 2013/36/EU);  
“CRR” means Regulation 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019); 
“Relevant Regulator” means, as the case may be, the European Central Bank, the Single Resolution 
Board and/or any successor or replacement thereof, or other authority having primary responsibility for 
the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or 
participate in the exercise of any powers under the BRRD from time to time and/or any other authority 
having responsibility for the application of any of the Relevant Rules from time to time; 
“Relevant Rules” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating 
to capital adequacy from time to time applicable to the Issuer and as applied by the Relevant Regulator 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority and as amended from time to time including the rules 
contained in or implementing the CRD IV, the CRR and/or the BRRD; 
“Tier 2 Capital” means capital which is treated, for the purposes of the Issuer, as a constituent of Tier 
2 under the Relevant Rules by the Relevant Regulator, as amended from time to time including the rules 
contained in or implementing CRD IV and/or CRR, in either case whatever the terminology employed 
by future applicable banking laws, directives or regulations and/or by the Relevant Regulator;  
“Tax Deduction Event” means, in respect of any Series of Subordinated Notes, that by reason of any 
change in French laws or regulations, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of such Series of Subordinated Notes, the tax regime 
applicable to any interest or other assimilated revenue payment under the Subordinated Notes is 
modified and such modification results in the amount of the interest or other assimilated revenue payable 
by the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes that is tax-deductible by the Issuer for French corporate 
income tax (impôts sur les bénéfices des sociétés) purposes being reduced, provided that the due date 
for redemption of any Series of Subordinated Notes of which notice hereunder may be given in respect 
of a Tax Deduction Event shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could 
make such payment with interest or other assimilated revenue payable being so tax deductible to the 
same extent as it was on the Issue Date of such Series. 
(f) Make-Whole Redemption at the Option of the Issuer in the case of Senior Preferred Notes 
If a Make-Whole Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms with respect 
to Senior Preferred Notes, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time (the “Make-Whole Redemption 
Date”) and having given no less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior notice 
to the Fiscal Agent, the holders of such Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Receipts and Coupons (in accordance with Condition 14), which notice shall be irrevocable, redeem the 
outstanding Senior Preferred Notes in whole, but not in part, at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
(as defined below).  
The Issuer shall, not less than fifteen (15) calendar days before the giving of any notice referred to 
above, notify the Fiscal Agent and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent of its decision to exercise the

--- Page 138 ---
EMEA 150012139 
138 
 
 
 
Make-Whole Redemption Option. No later than the Business Day immediately following the 
Calculation Date, the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders of the Make-Whole Redemption Amount. All Notes shall be redeemed on the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
“Calculation Date” means the third Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
“Make-Whole Calculation Agent” means the international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer in relation to a Series of Notes, as specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means an amount calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent and equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed and 
(y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on 
such Notes (excluding any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin, plus in each case, any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date.  
“Make-Whole Redemption Margin” means the margin as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means (i) the average of the four quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the fourth Business 
Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time (CET)) 
(Reference Dealer Quotation) or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
The Make-Whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks or method of selection of such banks as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Reference Screen Rate” means the screen rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Reference Security” means the security as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 14.  
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the 
Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, 
in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 
Notes.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties.

--- Page 139 ---
EMEA 150012139 
139 
 
 
 
(g) Redemption at the Option of the Issuer in the case of any Notes 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives and, Condition 4(k), in the case of Senior Notes, and, 
Condition 4(l), in the case of Subordinated Notes, and on giving notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to the Noteholders falling within the Issuer’s Notice Period (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) redeem in whole or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part the outstanding 
Notes on any Optional Redemption Date(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or as determined in 
the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption at the option of the Issuer will be permitted before 
five (5) years after the Issue Date of such Subordinated Notes, except in accordance with the Relevant 
Rules. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, if MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event is specified as 
applicable in respect of a series of Senior Preferred Notes, in the case of such Senior Preferred Notes, 
no redemption at the option of the Issuer will be permitted before one (1) year after the Issue Date of 
such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or such Senior Preferred Notes, except accordance with the Relevant 
Rules. 
In the case of a partial redemption of the Notes, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner 
as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements.  
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other stock 
exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which 
there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-
3 and 211-4 of the Règlement Général of the Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) and on the 
website of any other competent authority and/or other stock exchange where the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading, a notice as provided in Condition 14 specifying the aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding and a list of the Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(h) Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If a Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms with respect to 
the Notes, and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-
up Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the 
avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with 
the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, 
the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may, at any time, at its option, (subject to the provisions of Condition 
4(k) or Condition 4(l), as applicable) and having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty 
(30) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice (or such other Notice Period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), in accordance with Condition 14, to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders, redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption, on any Optional Clean-up Redemption Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of holders of Senior Preferred Notes 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, upon the Noteholder giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant

--- Page 140 ---
EMEA 150012139 
140 
 
 
 
Final Terms), at the option of the holder of any Senior Preferred Note, redeem such Senior Preferred 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Optional 
Redemption Amount being (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) the principal amount together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit such Senior Preferred Note (together with, if applicable, 
all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent at its specified 
office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable 
from any Paying Agent within the Notice Period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). No Senior 
Preferred Note so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the English 
Law Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
So long as the Senior Preferred Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on 
any other stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each 
year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Senior Preferred Notes, cause to be published 
in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 211-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF and on the website 
of any other competent authority and/or other stock exchange where the Senior Preferred Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading, a notice as provided in Condition 14 specifying the aggregate nominal 
amount of Senior Preferred Notes outstanding. 
(j) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may, subject to Condition 4(k), in respect of Senior Notes and Condition 4(l), in respect of 
Subordinated Notes, at any time but not, (i) in the case of Subordinated Notes, before the fifth (5th) 
anniversary of the Issue Date of any Series of such Subordinated Notes, except in accordance with the 
Relevant Rules, or (ii) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes before the first (1st) anniversary of the 
Issue Date of any Series of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, except in accordance with the Relevant 
Rules, or (iii), in the case of Senior Preferred Notes for which MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event 
is specified as applicable, before the first (1st) anniversary of the Issue Date of such series of Senior 
Preferred Notes, except in accordance with the Relevant Rules, purchase Notes (provided that, where 
applicable, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are 
attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, Notes 
which are purchased by the Issuer or on behalf of the Issuer, may, subject to the applicable law of the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer, be held or resold for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes in 
accordance with Articles L.213-0-1 and D.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier or as 
otherwise provided by applicable laws and regulations from time to time. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer or any agent on its behalf shall have the right at all times to 
purchase Subordinated Notes for liquidity purposes provided that: (a) the general prior permission of 
the Relevant Regulator shall be obtained; and (b) the total principal amount of the Notes so purchased 
does not exceed the lower of (i) ten (10) per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required 
by the Relevant Regulator in accordance with the Relevant Rules from time to time) of the initial 
aggregate principal amount of the Subordinated Notes of any Series and (ii) three (3) per cent. of the 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer from time to time outstanding (or any other threshold as may be requested 
or required by the Relevant Regulator in accordance with the Relevant Rules). Any Subordinated Notes 
so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations 
for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of such Subordinated Notes as aforesaid. 
(k) 
Conditions to redemption prior to Maturity Date in the case of Senior Notes 
(i) 
Unless “Prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as not applicable, according to Articles 77(2), and 78a of the CRR, where applicable, Senior

--- Page 141 ---
EMEA 150012139 
141 
 
 
 
Preferred Notes may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled (as applicable) pursuant to 
Condition 4(c), 4(d), 4(g), 4(h), 4(i) or Condition 4(j), as the case may be, if the Relevant 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority has given its prior permission to such 
redemption or purchase or cancellation (as applicable), to the extent required at such time by the 
Relevant Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Regulator to give its prior 
permission (if required) shall not constitute a default for any purpose. 
(ii) 
According to Articles 77(2), and 78a of the CRR, where applicable, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled (as applicable) pursuant to Condition 4(c), 4(d), 
4(g), 4(h) or Condition 4(j), as the case may be, if the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority has given its prior permission to such redemption or purchase or cancellation 
(as applicable), to the extent required at such time by the Relevant Rules. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Regulator to give its prior permission (if required) shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose. 
(l) 
Conditions to redemption prior to Maturity Date in the case of Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled (as applicable) pursuant to Condition 
4(c), 4(d), 4(e), 4(h), 4(g) or Condition 4(j) (subject in the case of purchase to the provisions set out in 
the last paragraph of Condition 4(j)), as the case may be, if: 
(i) 
the Relevant Regulator has given its prior permission to such redemption or purchase (as 
applicable) (for the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Regulator to give its prior 
permission shall not constitute a default for any purpose);  
(ii) 
on or before such redemption or purchase of the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer replaces such 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for 
the Issuer’s income capacity, or the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Regulator that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or 
purchase, exceed the requirements under the Relevant Rules by a margin that the Relevant 
Regulator may consider necessary;  
(iii) 
in the event any redemption or purchase in respect of any Series of Subordinated Notes is 
intended to take place prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of any such Series: 
(x) in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Relevant 
Regulator considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable 
at such Issue Date; or 
(y) in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax 
Deduction Event or a Tax Gross-up Event, the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Regulator that such Withholding Tax Event, Tax Deduction Event or Tax Gross-up 
Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at such Issue Date; or 
(z) before or at the same time of the redemption or purchase of the Subordinated Notes, the 
Issuer replaces such Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that 
are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant Regulator has permitted 
that action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point 
of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(xx) in the case of repurchase for market making purposes; and 
the Issuer has delivered a certificate signed by one of its senior officers to the Principal Paying Agent 
(with copies thereof being made available to the Noteholders at the Principal Paying Agent's specified

--- Page 142 ---
EMEA 150012139 
142 
 
 
 
office during its normal business hours) not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date set for 
redemption that the relevant Capital Event, Withholding Tax Event, Tax Deduction Event or, as the case 
may be, Tax Gross-up Event has occurred or will occur no more than ninety (90) days following the 
date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
(m) Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed or purchased for cancellation by the Issuer must be surrendered for 
cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with, where applicable, all unmatured Receipts 
and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, shall, together with all Notes 
redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for 
cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes 
shall be discharged. 
(n) Substitution and Variation with respect to Senior Notes 
This Condition 4(n) applies to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if Condition 4(n) is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, with respect to Senior Preferred Notes. 
In the event that an MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event, Withholding Tax Event, Tax Gross-Up 
Event occurs and is continuing in respect of a Series of Senior Notes or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 10, the Issuer may, in respect of any series of Senior Notes, 
having given no less than 30 nor more than 45 calendar days' notice to the holders of such Senior Notes 
and, if applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons in accordance with Condition 14, substitute all (but 
not some only) of such Senior Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of such holders, so that they become or remain 
Qualifying Senior Notes. Such substitution or variation of such Senior Notes shall be subject to the 
Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority having given its prior permission to such 
substitution or variation if, with respect to Senior Preferred Notes, this is so required at such time by the 
Relevant Rules. 
For the purposes of this Condition, “Qualifying Senior Notes” means in respect of any Senior Notes 
and any related Receipts and Coupons which are the subject of any substitution or variation pursuant to 
this Condition 4(n), securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 10, have terms not materially less favourable to the holders of such Senior 
Notes and, if applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons than the terms thereof, as reasonably and in 
good faith determined by the Issuer and provided that the Issuer shall have delivered an officer’s 
certificate to that effect to the Fiscal Agent at the Fiscal Agent's specified office during its normal 
business hours not less than five (5) Business Days prior to (x) in the case of a substitution of the relevant 
Senior Notes pursuant to this Condition 4(n), the Issue Date of the relevant new series of securities or 
(y) in the case of a variation of the relevant Senior Notes pursuant to this Condition 4(n), the date on 
which such variation becomes effective, provided that such securities: 
(1) contain terms which comply with the then applicable MREL or TLAC Requirements to the same 
extent as the Senior Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, may result in the relevant securities not including, or restricting for a period of time the 
application of, the MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event which is included in the Senior Notes); The 
rules under the MREL or TLAC Requirements may be modified from time to time after the date of 
issuance of the Senior Notes;  
(2) have the same currency of payment, maturity, dates for payment of interest, denomination, aggregate 
outstanding amount as such Senior Notes and carry the same rate of interest from time to time applying 
to the Senior Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 4(n);

--- Page 143 ---
EMEA 150012139 
143 
 
 
 
(3) rank senior to, or pari passu with, the ranking of such Senior Preferred Notes or such Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, as applicable, prior to the substitution or variation;  
(4) is not immediately subject to a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event, a Withholding Tax Event 
and/or a Tax Gross-Up Event;  
(5) have at least the same solicited published rating ascribed to them or expected to be ascribed to them 
as that of the relevant Senior Notes, if the relevant Senior Notes had a solicited published rating from a 
rating agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation; and  
(6) if such Senior Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately prior to 
such substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market as selected by the 
Issuer. 
(o) 
Substitution and Variation with respect to Subordinated Notes 
In the event that any Special Event and, if specified as applicable in the case of any Subordinated Notes, 
any MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event, occurs and is continuing in respect of a Series of 
Subordinated Notes or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 10, the Issuer 
may, in respect of any series of Subordinated Notes, having given no less than 30 nor more than 45 
calendar days' notice to the holders of such Subordinated Notes, and, if applicable, any related Receipts 
and Coupons in accordance with Condition 14, substitute all (but not some only) of such Subordinated 
Notes or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such Subordinated Notes, without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of such holders, so that they become or remain Qualifying Tier 2 Notes. 
Such substitution or variation of such Subordinated Notes shall be subject to the Relevant Regulator 
having given its prior permission to such substitution or variation. 
For the purposes of this Condition, “Qualifying Tier 2 Note” means in respect of any Subordinated 
Notes and, if applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons which are the subject of any substitution or 
variation pursuant to this Condition 4(o), securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 10, have terms not materially less favourable to the holders 
of such Subordinated Notes and related Receipts and Coupons than the terms thereof, as reasonably and 
in good faith determined by the Issuer and provided that the Issuer shall have delivered an officer’s 
certificate to that effect to the Fiscal Agent at the Fiscal Agent's specified office during its normal 
business hours not less than five (5) Business Days prior to (x) in the case of a substitution of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to this Condition 4(o), the Issue Date of the relevant new series of 
securities or (y) in the case of a variation of the relevant Subordinated Notes pursuant to this Condition 
4(o), the date on which such variation becomes effective, provided that such securities: 
(1) contain terms which comply with the then current requirements of the Relevant Regulator in relation 
to Tier 2 Capital (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may result in the relevant securities not including, 
or restricting for a period of time the application of, one or more of the Special Event redemption events 
which are included in such Subordinated Notes);  
(2) have the same currency of payment, maturity, dates for payment of interest, denomination, aggregate 
outstanding amount as such Subordinated Notes and carry the same rate of interest from time to time 
applying to such Subordinated Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this 
Condition 4(o);  
(3) rank senior to, or pari passu with, the ranking of such Subordinated Notes prior to such substitution 
or variation below;  
(4) shall not be immediately subject to a Special Event or a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event if 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 144 ---
EMEA 150012139 
144 
 
 
 
(5) have at least the same solicited published rating ascribed to them or expected to be ascribed to them 
as that of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if the relevant Subordinated Notes had a solicited published 
rating from a rating agency immediately prior to such substitution or variation; and 
(6) if such Subordinated Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market immediately 
prior to such substitution or variation, are listed or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market as selected 
by the Issuer. 
“Special Event” means a Capital Event, a Tax Deduction Event, a Withholding Tax Event or a Tax 
Gross-Up Event. 
5 
Payments and Talons 
(a) Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, payments made in: 
(i) 
a Specified Currency other than euro or Renminbi will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
denominated in the relevant Specified Currency or an account on which the Specified Currency 
may be credited or transferred maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a 
cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre(s) of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars, shall 
be Sydney and, if the Specified Currency is Canadian dollars, shall be Montreal); 
(ii) 
euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro may 
be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro-cheque; 
and  
(iii) 
Renminbi will be made solely by credit to a Renminbi bank account maintained at a bank in 
Hong Kong in accordance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from 
time to time. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6.  
(b) Presentation and surrender of Definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment 
Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is presented for 
payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the 
case of interest, as specified in Condition 5(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified 
in Condition 5(f)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by a cheque payable in the currency in which such payment is due drawn on, or, at the option of 
the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency with, a Bank.  
In this Condition 5, “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for that currency (which, in 
the case of Renminbi, means Hong Kong) or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access 
to the T2. 
(c) Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect 
thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner 
as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the

--- Page 145 ---
EMEA 150012139 
145 
 
 
 
amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at 
all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, 
without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of 
law or agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its 
Agents are subject and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “IRS Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the IRS Code, any regulations or agreement thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof or law implementing an intergovernmental agreement thereto 
(“FATCA”) and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied 
by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements.  
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of any Notes or, where applicable, any 
related Receipts or Coupons in respect of such payments. 
(e) Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with the holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon. The Issuer reserves the right 
at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent or the Consolidation Agent and to appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent and, where 
applicable, a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Paying Agent having a specified office in a European city which, 
(A) so long as the Notes are listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall be Luxembourg, (B) so long as the Notes are listed on 
Euronext Paris and the rules of that exchange so require, shall be Paris and (C) so long as the Notes are 
listed on any other stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require, shall be a specified 
city of the country of such stock exchange and (iv) such other agents as may be required by the rules of 
any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Notes 
denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (b) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 below. 
(f) Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Notes provide (where applicable) that the relative Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Notes, Notes should be surrendered for payment together with 
all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face 
value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid 
bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Redemption Amount due for payment. 
Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such

--- Page 146 ---
EMEA 150012139 
146 
 
 
 
missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 7). 
(ii) If the Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Note, unmatured Coupons relating 
to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect 
of them. 
(iii) Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such 
Talon. 
(iv) Upon the due date for redemption of any Note that is redeemable in instalments, all Receipts 
relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) Where any Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void upon the 
due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons, and where any Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating 
to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may 
require. 
(vi) If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest accrued 
from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the 
case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the 
relevant Note. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be 
payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note. 
(g) Talons 
On or after the Specified Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 7). 
(h) Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day, nor to any interest or other sum in 
respect of such postponed payment.  
In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency (which, in the case of a payment in Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong); or 
(ii) in the case of a payment in euro, which is a T2 Business Day. 
(i) 
Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or 
Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to the Issuer as a result of circumstances 
beyond its control and such unavailability has been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, following which

--- Page 147 ---
EMEA 150012139 
147 
 
 
 
the Issuer is unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of RMB 
Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30-days irrevocable notice to the Noteholders 
prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on 
the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 8. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5(i) by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent, 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5(i):  
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) 
of Hong Kong; 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong has become illiquid, 
other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi 
Dealers; 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted 
after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation); 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong or from an account outside Hong Kong to an account inside Hong Kong, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted 
after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation); 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer; 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong 
and in New York City; 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions; 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate 
for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong Kong

--- Page 148 ---
EMEA 150012139 
148 
 
 
 
for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent 
at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis 
by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF and if such rate is not available, the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the 
RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for 
settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC, where reference to a 
page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates 
Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of 
displaying a comparable currency exchange rate; and 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the 
RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent. 
6 
Taxation 
(a) Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) Additional Amounts 
Other than in relation to payments of principal in respect of the Notes, if French laws or regulations 
should require that payments of interest or other revenues in respect of such Notes and where applicable 
any related Receipts and Coupons be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the 
fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts in respect of Notes and where 
applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders, or, if 
applicable the Receiptholders or the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder, or, if applicable, a 
Receiptholder or a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt, or Coupon, by reason of 
his having some connection with France other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon; or 
(ii) Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: more than 30 calendar days after the 
Relevant Date, except to the extent that the Noteholder or, if applicable, a Receiptholder or a 
Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been entitled to such additional amounts on 
presenting such Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be, for payment on the thirtieth such 
day; or 
(iii) FATCA withholding: where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to FATCA, or its 
subsequent implementation into the French law.  
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the 
date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is

--- Page 149 ---
EMEA 150012139 
149 
 
 
 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made 
or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in 
respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all 
other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include (x) all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (y) any additional 
amounts which may be payable under this Condition 6. 
7 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6).  
8 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 8(a) shall apply in respect of any Tranche of Senior Preferred Notes unless the relevant 
Final Terms specify “No Event of Default” (as defined below) in respect of a Tranche of Senior 
Preferred Notes. 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Senior 
Preferred Note may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is 
immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together with accrued 
interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due on such Notes or any of them on 
the due date and such default continues for a period of 30 days or more after written notice thereof 
is received by the Issuer from the Fiscal Agent (and the Fiscal Agent shall be bound to give such 
notice forthwith upon the request of any holder of such Notes); or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under such Notes or any of them 
and (except where such failure is incapable of remedy when no notice will be required) such failure 
continues for a period of 60 days after written notice is received by the Issuer from the Fiscal Agent 
(and the Fiscal Agent shall be bound to give such notice forthwith upon the request of any holder of 
such Notes) specifying such default and requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or for a transfer 
of the whole of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) of the Issuer, or the Issuer is subject to 
similar proceedings or, in the absence of legal proceedings, the Issuer makes a conveyance, 
assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a composition with its 
creditors; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of, directly or indirectly, the whole or a substantial 
part of its undertaking or assets, or the Issuer enters into or commences any proceedings in 
furtherance of voluntary liquidation or dissolution, except in the case of a disposal of all or 
substantially all of the Issuer’s assets in favour of an entity which simultaneously assumes all or 
substantially all of the Issuer’s liabilities including the Notes or in connection with a merger or 
reorganisation of the Issuer.

--- Page 150 ---
EMEA 150012139 
150 
 
 
 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that no Event of Default shall apply in respect of a Tranche of 
Senior Preferred Notes, holders of such Notes shall not be entitled in any event to require Senior 
Preferred Notes to be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date. Senior Preferred Notes will become 
immediately due and payable in the event that an order or an effective decision is made for the 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for 
any other reason at their principal amount together with interest accrued thereon to the date of payment 
without any further formality. 
(b) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
There are no events of default in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and holders of such Notes are 
not entitled in any event to require Senior Non-Preferred Notes to be redeemed prior to their Maturity 
Date.  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will become immediately due and payable in the event that an order or an 
effective decision is made for the liquidation (liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason at their principal amount together with interest 
accrued thereon to the date of payment without any further formality. 
(c) 
Subordinated Notes 
There are no events of default in respect of Subordinated Notes and Noteholders are not entitled in 
any event to require Subordinated Notes to be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date. 
Subordinated Notes will become immediately due and payable in the event that an order or an effective 
decision is made for the liquidation (liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) of the Issuer or if 
the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason at their principal amount together with interest accrued 
thereon to the date of payment without any further formality. 
9 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modification 
(a) Meetings of Noteholders 
The English Law Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as 
defined in the English Law Agency Agreement) of a modification of any of these Conditions. Such a 
meeting may be convened by Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in principal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in 
principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia:  
(i) 
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any Instalment Date or any date for 
payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes,  
(ii) 
to reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium 
payable on redemption of, the Notes,  
(iii) 
to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of 
calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount 
in respect of the Notes,  
(iv) 
if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount 
applies to any Notes, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum,

--- Page 151 ---
EMEA 150012139 
151 
 
 
 
(v) 
to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Redemption Amount, including the method 
of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, 
(vi) 
to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, 
(vii) 
to take any steps that as specified hereon may only be taken following approval by an 
Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply; or 
(viii) 
to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the 
majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution,  
in which case the necessary quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 
75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in principal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on 
Noteholders (whether or not they were present at the meeting at which such resolution was passed) and 
on all Couponholders and Receiptholders. In addition, certain proposed modification of any terms and 
conditions (other than as provided for in Condition 3) of any Subordinated Notes the proceeds of which 
constitute Tier 2 Capital or Senior Notes can only be effected subject to the prior permission of the 
Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, as the case may be, to the extent, with 
respect to Senior Preferred Notes, such permission is required by the Relevant Rules in relation to such 
modification. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no consent of the Noteholders and, where applicable, the Couponholders 
and Receiptholders shall be required in order to comply with, or make any modifications or amendments 
to the Notes or to modify, vary, amend and restate and/or replace the Agency Agreement, the Deed of 
Covenant, the relevant Global Note or any other documents relating to any Series of Notes as the Issuer 
or the Fiscal Agent may deem necessary or desirable to reflect or incorporate, requirements, regulations, 
pronouncements, orders or laws imposed, required by or issued pursuant to the Bail-in or Loss 
Absorption Power and pursuant to the fallback provisions of Condition 3 and/or give effect to the any 
substitution and variation as provided for in Condition 4(n) and Condition 4(o). 
(b) Modification of English Law Agency Agreement 
The Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
to any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the English Law Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision or is made 
to cure, correct or supplement a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the 
law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14) as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
10 Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Loss Absorption Powers 
By the acquisition of Notes, each holder of such Notes and, if any applicable, any related Receipts and 
Coupons (which, for the purposes of this Condition 10, includes any current or future holder of a beneficial 
interest in such Notes, and, if applicable, such Receipts and/or Coupons) acknowledges, accepts, consents 
and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power (as defined below) 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) or the Relevant Regulator, which may 
include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(a) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below), on a permanent 
basis;

--- Page 152 ---
EMEA 150012139 
152 
 
 
 
(b) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to holders of such Notes and, if 
applicable, such Receipts and/or Coupons of such shares, securities or obligations), including 
by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of such Notes, and, if 
applicable, such Receipts and/or the Coupons, as the case may be, in which case such holders 
of such Notes and, if applicable, such Receipts and Coupons agree to accept in lieu of their 
rights under such Notes and, if applicable, such Receipts and/or the Coupons, as the case may 
be, any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(c) 
the cancellation of such Notes and, if applicable, such Receipts and/or Coupons;  
(d) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of such Notes and, if applicable, such Receipts, or 
amendment of the amount of interest payable on such Notes or Coupons or the date on which 
the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
(ii) 
that the terms of such Notes and, if applicable, such Receipts and/or Coupons are subject to, and may 
be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority or the Relevant Regulator. 
For these purposes, the “Amounts Due” are the prevailing outstanding amount of any such Notes, and any 
accrued and unpaid interest on such Notes that has not been previously cancelled or otherwise is no longer 
due. 
For these purposes, the “Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power” is any power existing from time to time under 
any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of the BRRD, 
including without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 
(Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en 
matière financière) (as amended from time to time, the “20 August 2015 Decree Law”), Regulation (EU) 
No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and 
a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of 
a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 
(as amended from time to time, the “Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation”), or otherwise arising under 
French law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the 
obligations of a Regulated Entity (as defined below) (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced 
(in part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities 
of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other securities, 
or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in connection with the 
implementation of a bail-in power following placement in resolution or otherwise. 
A reference to a “Regulated Entity” is to any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier as modified by the 20 August 2015 Decree Law, which includes certain credit 
institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies established in France.  
A reference to the “Relevant Resolution Authority” is to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution 
(the “ACPR”), the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation, and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss 
Absorption Power from time to time (including the Council of the European Union and the European 
Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of 
the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority or the Relevant Regulator with 
respect to the Issuer unless, at the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, 
such repayment or payment would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in 
effect in France and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of its group. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority or the 
Relevant Regulator with respect to the Notes and, if applicable, any related Receipts and/or Coupons, the

--- Page 153 ---
EMEA 150012139 
153 
 
 
 
Issuer will provide a written notice to the holders of such Notes and, if applicable, Receipts and/or Coupons 
in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in or Loss 
Absorption Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Fiscal Agent for informational 
purposes, although the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to send such notice to the holders of such Notes 
and, if applicable, Receipts and/or Coupons. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect 
the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power nor the effects on such Notes and, if 
applicable, any related Receipts and/or Coupons described above. 
Neither a cancellation of such Notes and, if applicable, any related Receipts and/or Coupons, a reduction, in 
part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or 
another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority or the Relevant Regulator with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss 
Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority or the Relevant Regulator with respect to such Notes 
and, if applicable, any related Receipts and/or Coupons will be an event of default or otherwise constitute 
non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle any such holders to any remedies (including equitable 
remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority or the 
Relevant Regulator, the Issuer and each holder of such Notes and, if applicable, Receipts and/or Coupons 
(including each holder of a beneficial interest in such Notes and, if applicable, any related Receipts and/or 
Coupons) hereby agree that (a) the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to take any directions from such holders, 
and (b) the English Law Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon the Fiscal Agent whatsoever, in 
each case with respect to the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority or the Relevant Regulator. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority or the Relevant Regulator, any Notes and, if applicable, any 
related Receipts or Coupons remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption 
Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of such Notes and, if applicable, any related 
Receipts and/or Coupons), then the Fiscal Agent’s duties under the English Law Agency Agreement shall 
remain applicable with respect to such Notes and, if applicable, any related Receipts and the Coupons 
following such completion to the extent that the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent shall agree pursuant to an 
amendment to the English Law Agency Agreement. 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority or the Relevant Regulator exercises the Bail-in or Loss Absorption 
Power with respect to less than the total Amounts Due, unless the Fiscal Agent is otherwise instructed by the 
Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority or the Relevant Regulator, any cancellation, write-off or 
conversion made in respect of such Notes and, if applicable, any related Receipts and/or Coupons pursuant 
to the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
No expenses necessary for the procedures under this Condition 10, including, but not limited to, those 
incurred by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, shall be borne by any holder of such Notes or, if applicable, any 
related Receipts and/or Coupons. 
11 Waiver of Set-Off 
Unless “Waiver of Set-off” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, no holder of any Note 
or, if applicable, any related Receipt or Coupon may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights 
against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder, directly or 
indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities 
arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or any non-contractual 
obligations, in each case whether or not relating to such Notes, or, if applicable, any related Receipts and/or 
Coupons) and each such holder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities.

--- Page 154 ---
EMEA 150012139 
154 
 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 11 is intended to provide or shall be construed as 
acknowledging any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that any 
such right is or would be available to any holder of any Note or, if applicable, any related Receipt and/or 
Coupon but for this Condition 11. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11, “Waived Set-Off Rights” means any and all rights of or claims of any 
holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any such Note and, if applicable, any 
related Receipts and/or Coupons. 
12 Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Paying Agent in 
Luxembourg or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose 
and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange 
for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect 
of such Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13 Further Issues and Consolidation 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the holders of any Notes or, if applicable, any related 
Receipts and/or Coupons but, to the extent required by the Relevant Rules, subject to the prior notification of 
the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, create and issue further notes having the 
same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in the conditions of 
such Notes to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
The Issuer may from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the date specified for a 
Redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1, on giving not less than 30 days’ prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, without the consent of the holders of any Notes or, if applicable, 
any related Receipts and/or Coupons, consolidate the Notes with one or more issues of other notes issued by 
it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in euro, provided such other 
notes have been redenominated in euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in 
respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
14 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid if, at the option of the Issuer, they are published in (i) a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe, (ii) as long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and the rules of Euronext Paris so require, in a daily newspaper with general circulation in 
France (which is expected to be Les Echos), (iii) as long as the Notes are listed on the official list and admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange so require, in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort) and/or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or (iv) they 
are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF. If any such 
publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English

--- Page 155 ---
EMEA 150012139 
155 
 
 
 
language newspaper with general circulation in Europe and, so long as the Notes are listed on any other stock 
exchange and the relevant rules applying to such listed Notes so require, in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where such stock exchange(s) is/are situated. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
15 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
The Notes confer no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the 
Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from that 
Act. 
16 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) Governing Law 
The Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law 
except for Condition 2 (Status of the Notes) which is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, French law. 
(b) Jurisdiction 
The Courts of England and Wales are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or 
in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
(“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits and each holder of 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons (by its acquisition of a Note) is deemed to submit to the jurisdiction 
of the Courts of England and Wales. For the purposes of this Condition, the Issuer waives and each 
holder of Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons (by its acquisition of a Note) is deemed to waive any 
objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings 
have been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
(c) Service of Process 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Crédit Industriel et Commercial, London branch located at Finsbury 
Circus House, 15 Finsbury Circus, London EC2M 7EB, United Kingdom, as its agent in England to 
receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process of any Proceedings in England. Such service shall be 
deemed complete on delivery to such process agent (whether or not it is forwarded to and received by 
the Issuer). If for any reason such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an 
address in London, the Issuer irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and shall 
immediately notify Noteholders of such appointment in accordance with Condition 14. Nothing shall 
affect the right to serve process in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 156 ---
EMEA 150012139 
156 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES  
 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes to be issued governed by French Law (the 
“French Law Notes”) that, save for the italicised paragraphs and subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the French Law Notes. In the case of Dematerialised 
Notes (as defined below), the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title, 
but will be constituted by the following text, as completed by the applicable Final Terms. In the case of 
Materialised Notes (as defined below), either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions, as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of 
inapplicable provisions) shall be endorsed on Definitive Notes. References in these Conditions to “Notes” are to 
the French Law Notes of one Series only, and not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel (the “Issuer”) pursuant to a French law-governed 
amended and restated agency agreement dated 18 July 2024 (as amended and/or supplemented as at the date of 
issue of the Notes (the “Issue Date”), the “French Law Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, 
as fiscal agent and principal paying agent (the “Fiscal Agent”), initial calculation agent (the “Calculation 
Agent”), redenomination agent (the “Redenomination Agent”), registration agent (the “Registration Agent”), 
consolidation agent (the “Consolidation Agent”) and as paying agent (together with the Fiscal Agent and any 
additional or other paying agents in respect of the Notes from time to time appointed and, where the context so 
admits, the “Paying Agents”). If a Calculation Agent is not specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes and the terms and conditions require that a Calculation Agent be appointed then the Fiscal Agent shall 
act as Calculation Agent. The holders of Dematerialised Notes and Materialised Notes, the holders of the interest 
coupons relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes (the “Coupons”) and, where applicable in the case of such 
Materialised Notes, talons for further Coupons (the “Talons”) (the “Couponholders”) and the holders of the 
receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) relating to Materialised Notes, of which the 
principal is payable in instalments, are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the French Law Agency 
Agreement applicable to them.  
Copies of the French Law Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the 
specified offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market situated in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area as defined in the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended). 
References below to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below 
and references to a “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects and a “Series” means an original 
Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are expressed to form a single 
series with the original Tranche of Notes that are denominated in the same currency and that have the same 
maturity date or redemption date, as the case may be, interest basis and interest payment dates, if any, and the 
terms of which, save for the issue date or interest commencement date and the issue price, are otherwise identical 
and to be consolidated and to form a single Series issued pursuant to Condition 13. 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a) Form 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form 
(“Materialised Notes”). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en

--- Page 157 ---
EMEA 150012139 
157 
 
 
 
compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article 
R.211-7 of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in either (i) bearer form (au 
porteur), in which case they will be inscribed as of the Issue Date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear France”), acting as central 
depositary, which shall credit the accounts of the Euroclear France Account Holders (as defined 
below), or (ii) registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder in either (x) administered registered form (au nominatif administré), in which case 
they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Euroclear France Account Holders designated by the 
relevant Noteholders or (y) fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be 
inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or the Registration Agent acting on behalf of 
the Issuer. 
For Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form, unless this possibility is expressly excluded in 
the relevant Final Terms and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer may at any 
time request from the central depositary identification information of the holders of such Notes 
such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and 
mail address or, as the case may be, e-mail address. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Euroclear France Account Holder” means any 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, on behalf of its customers 
with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and the depositary 
bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in materialised bearer form (“Materialised Notes”) and will only 
be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without coupons attached 
(a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes 
in materialised bearer form on or after a date expected to be on or about the 40th calendar day 
after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as further described in the Temporary 
Global Certificate) upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described 
in the Temporary Global Certificate. Materialised Notes are serially numbered and if applicable, 
are issued with Receipts and Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the 
case of Materialised Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest 
(other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons, Receipts and Talons in 
these Conditions are not applicable. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, securities in materialised form, such as the Materialised Notes, constituting obligations 
under French law and governed by French law must be issued outside France. 
(b) Denomination(s) 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms (the 
“Specified Denomination(s)”). Dematerialised Notes may be issued in one Specified Denomination 
only. Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as defined in Condition 2(a)(ii)) and Subordinated Notes (as defined 
in Condition 2(b)) will have a minimum Specified Denomination of not less than €100,000 or its 
equivalent in another currency.

--- Page 158 ---
EMEA 150012139 
158 
 
 
 
(c) Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders. Title 
to Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer 
of such Notes may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts in the 
books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons and/or 
Receipts and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Materialised Note, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest 
in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating such holder 
of Materialised Notes. 
(iii) 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder” or “holder” means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder, 
the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) 
in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Materialised Note in definitive form and the 
Coupons, Receipts or Talon relating to it (if any). 
(d) Conversion of Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
Noteholder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), 
and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by the Noteholder shall be made in accordance 
with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be 
effected at the cost of the Noteholder. 
(e) Exchange of Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
(f) 
Redenomination  
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, 
without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least 
30 days’ notice in accordance with Condition 14 and on or after the date on which the European 
Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating 
Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as 
provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community (the “EC”), as amended from time 
to time (the “Treaty”), or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in 
either case, “EMU”), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro 
and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the

--- Page 159 ---
EMEA 150012139 
159 
 
 
 
relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The date on which such redenomination 
becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(f)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed 
relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European 
Union pursuant to applicable regulations and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 
0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from 
conversion of the principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro 
conversion rate shall be rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes 
so determined shall be notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. Any balance 
remaining from the redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by 
way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the 
manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant 
national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation 
Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation 
pursuant to Condition 13, without the consent of the holders of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 13 (including, without 
limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, 
principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or 
benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt 
obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such 
changes or additions shall, in the absence of manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified to such holders in accordance with 
Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting 
from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
2 
Status of the Notes 
Notes may be either senior (“Senior Notes”) or subordinated (“Subordinated Notes”), as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(a) Status of Senior Notes 
The Senior Notes may be either senior preferred notes (“Senior Preferred Notes”) or senior non-
preferred notes (“Senior Non-Preferred Notes”), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, all “unsubordinated notes” issued by the Issuer under the 
Euro 90,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme prior to the date of entry into force of the 
law n°2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 on 11 December 2016 constitute Senior Preferred Obligations 
(as defined below). 
(i) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes  
Senior Preferred Notes, including where applicable any related Receipts and Coupons, will 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as Senior

--- Page 160 ---
EMEA 150012139 
160 
 
 
 
Preferred Obligations and rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or 
priority among themselves and: 
(i) pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior or unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer outstanding as of the date of entry into force of the law n°2016-
1691 dated 9 December 2016 on 11 December 2016; 
(ii) pari passu with all other present or future Senior Preferred Obligations of the Issuer;  
(iii) junior to all present or future obligations of the Issuer benefiting from statutorily preferred 
exceptions; and 
(iv) senior to all present or future Senior Non-Preferred Obligations (as defined below) of the 
Issuer (including any Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and any obligations ranking pari passu 
or junior to Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the Issuer.  
Subject to applicable law, in the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring 
the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of 
payment of the holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and 
Coupons shall be subject to the payment in full of all present or future creditors and holders of, or 
creditors in respect of, claims benefiting from statutory preferred exceptions (“Preferred 
Creditors”) and, subject to such payment in full, the holders of Senior Preferred Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons shall be paid in priority to any present or future 
senior non-preferred obligations of the Issuer. In the event of incomplete payment of Preferred 
Creditors, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the Senior Preferred Notes and, where 
applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons will be terminated. The holders of Senior Preferred 
Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons shall be responsible for taking all 
necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in relation to 
any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligations” means any senior obligations (including the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of, or other senior instruments issued by, the Issuer which fall or are 
expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article L. 613-30-3–I-4°. and 
Article R. 613-28 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
“Senior Preferred Obligations” means any senior obligations (including the Senior Preferred 
Notes) of, or other senior instruments issued by, the Issuer, which fall or are expressed to fall 
within the category of obligations described in Article L. 613-30-3–I-3°. of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
(ii) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes including, where applicable any related Receipts and Coupons, will 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of the Issuer ranking as Senior 
Non-Preferred Obligations and rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference 
or priority among themselves and: 
(i) 
pari passu with all other present or future Senior Non-Preferred Obligations of the 
Issuer;  
(ii) 
junior to all present or future Senior Preferred Obligations of the Issuer; and  
(iii) 
senior to all present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer (including any 
Subordinated Notes) and any obligations ranking pari passu or junior to subordinated

--- Page 161 ---
EMEA 150012139 
161 
 
 
 
obligations of the Issuer.  
Subject to applicable law, in the event any judgment is rendered by any competent court 
declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason, 
the rights of payment of the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Receipts and Coupons shall be subject to the payment in full of all present or future senior 
preferred creditors and holders of, or creditors in respect of, obligations expressed by their terms 
to rank in priority to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and of those preferred by mandatory and/or 
overriding provisions of law (collectively, “Senior Preferred Creditors”) and, subject to such 
payment in full, the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Receipts and Coupons shall be paid in priority to any present or future subordinated obligations 
of the Issuer. In the event of incomplete payment of Senior Preferred Creditors, the obligations 
of the Issuer in connection with the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Receipts and Coupons will be terminated. The holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons shall be responsible for taking all 
necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation of the Issuer in relation 
to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
(b) Status of Subordinated Notes  
It is the intention of the Issuer that the proceeds of the issue of the Subordinated Notes be treated for 
regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Capital. The status and ranking provisions of Condition 2(b)(i) will apply 
with respect to the status and ranking provisions of the Subordinated Notes for so long as such 
Subordinated Notes are treated for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Capital (such Subordinated Notes being 
hereafter referred to as “Qualifying Subordinated Notes”). Should any outstanding Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, the Receipts and Coupons relating to them (if any) be fully 
excluded from Tier 2 Capital (“Disqualification Event”) (Subordinated Notes affected by a 
Disqualification Event being hereafter referred to as “Disqualified Subordinated Notes”), the status 
and ranking provisions of Condition 2(b)(ii) will forthwith replace and supersede the status and ranking 
provisions of Condition 2(b)(i) with respect to the status and ranking provisions of such Disqualified 
Subordinated Notes without the need for any action from the Issuer and without consultation of the 
holders of such Subordinated Notes or the holders of any other Notes outstanding at such time.  
Subordinated Notes are issued pursuant to the provisions of article L.228-97 of the French Code de 
commerce and paragraph 5° of Article L. 613-30-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
(i) Status of Qualifying Subordinated Notes  
The Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, the Receipts and Coupons relating to them 
(if any), constitute and will constitute direct unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations (in 
accordance with paragraph 5° of Article L. 613-30-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier created 
by Ordinance No.2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 relating to the resolution regime in the banking 
sector implementing Article 48(7) of BRRD under French law (the “Ordinance”)) of the Issuer and 
rank and will rank:  
(i) 
pari passu among themselves and with all other present or future subordinated instruments that 
are, or have been before 28 December 2020 (in the case of instruments issued before that date), 
fully or partially recognised as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, in accordance with Article L.613-
30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et financier and expressed by their terms to rank pari 
passu with such instruments;  
(ii) 
junior to all present and future unsubordinated or senior obligations of the Issuer (including 
Senior Notes and, if applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons relating to them);

--- Page 162 ---
EMEA 150012139 
162 
 
 
 
(iii) 
junior to all other present and future subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank 
senior to Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, if applicable, any Receipts and Coupons relating 
to them; 
(iv) 
junior to any Disqualified Subordinated Notes and Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Notes of the 
Issuer and, if applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons relating to them; and 
(v) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs 
issued by the Issuer and any deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer (engagements dits 
“super subordonnés” or engagements subordonnés de dernier rang). 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of any judgement rendered by any competent court declaring the 
judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason: 
• 
 the rights of payment of holders of Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any 
related Receipts and Coupons in respect of principal and interest thereon will be subordinated 
to the payment in full of all present and future creditors of the Issuer, in respect of obligations 
referred to in (ii), (iii) and (iv) above; 
• 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of such Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, where 
applicable, such Receipts and Coupons shall be paid in priority to all present and future 
creditors of the Issuer in respect of obligations referred to in (v) above; and  
• 
in the event of incomplete payment of all present and future creditors of the Issuer in respect 
of obligations referred to in (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, the obligations in connection with the 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons will 
be terminated.  
The holders of Qualifying Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons 
shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any such liquidation 
in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
(ii) Status of Disqualified Subordinated Notes 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, the Receipts and Coupons relating to them (if 
any) constitute and will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations (in 
accordance with Paragraph 5° of Article L. 613-30-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier created 
by the Ordinance) of the Issuer and rank and will rank: 
(i) 
pari passu among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any and all instruments that have (or will have) such rank (including for 
the avoidance of doubt Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Notes and, if applicable, any Receipts 
and Coupons relating to them);  
(iii) 
junior to all present and future unsubordinated or senior obligations of the Issuer (including 
Senior Notes and, if applicable, any Receipts and Coupons relating to them); 
(iv) 
junior to all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer expressed by 
their terms to rank senior to the Disqualified Subordinated Notes and the Disqualified 
Additional Tier 1 Notes and, if applicable, any Receipts and Coupons relating to them; 
(v) 
senior to any Qualifying Subordinated Notes of the Issuer and, if applicable, any Receipts 
and Coupons relating to them and to all other present or future subordinated instruments 
that are, or have been before 28 December 2020 (in the case of instruments issued before 
that date), fully or partially recognised as Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, in accordance with

--- Page 163 ---
EMEA 150012139 
163 
 
 
 
Article L.613-30-3-I-5° of the French Code monétaire et financier and expressed by their 
terms to rank pari passu with such instruments; and 
(vi) 
senior to any present and future prêts participatifs granted to the Issuer, titres participatifs 
issued by the Issuer and any deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer (obligations dites 
“super subordonnées”, i.e. engagements dits “super subordonnés” or engagements 
subordonnés de dernier rang). 
Subject to applicable law, in the event of any judgement rendered by any competent court declaring 
the judicial liquidation of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason: 
• 
the rights of payment of holders of Disqualified Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, 
any related Receipts and Coupons in respect of principal and interest thereon will be 
subordinated to the payment in full of all present and future creditors of the Issuer in respect 
of obligations referred to in (iii) and (iv) above; 
• 
subject to such payment in full, the holders of such Disqualified Subordinated Notes and, 
where applicable, Receipts and Coupons shall be paid in priority to all present and future 
creditors of the Issuer in respect of obligations referred to in (v) and (vi) above; and 
• 
in the event of incomplete payment of all present and future creditors of the Issuer in respect 
of obligations referred to in (iii) and (iv) above, the obligations in connection with the 
Disqualified Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons 
will be terminated.  
The holders of Disqualified Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and 
Coupons shall be responsible for taking all necessary steps for the orderly accomplishment of any 
such liquidation in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
“Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Notes” means any deeply subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and, where applicable, the Receipts and Coupons relating to them, issued on or after 28 December 
2020 initially treated as additional tier 1 capital (as defined in Article 52 of the CRR) and which 
subsequently lost such treatment totally. 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 2 (Status of the Notes), in the context of a resolution, if any 
Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power were to be exercised (as further described in Condition 10 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Loss Absorption Powers)), and subject to certain exceptions, losses would 
in principle be borne first by the holders of capital instruments in the following order of priority: (i) holders 
of common equity tier 1 instruments, (ii) holders of additional tier 1 instruments, (iii) holders of Tier 2 
Capital instruments (such as the Qualifying Subordinated Notes) and (iv) holders of other subordinated debts 
other than Capital instruments (such as Disqualified Subordinated Notes and the Disqualified Additional Tier 
1 Notes), then by the holders of bail-inable liabilities so that losses would in principle be borne first by 
holders of unsecured senior non-preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 
then by holders of unsecured senior preferred debt instruments (such as the Senior Preferred Notes).  
For more information on the consequences of a resolution procedure initiated in respect of the Issuer and/or 
group Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale in accordance with the provisions of BRRD II, please refer to the risk 
factor relating to the Issuer entitled “5.2.3.2 Risks related to the implementation of a resolution system’’ 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).

--- Page 164 ---
EMEA 150012139 
164 
 
 
 
3 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes other than Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Specified Interest Payment Date. 
(b) Rate of Interest on Fixed Rate Notes denominated in RMB 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each RMB Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate of Interest. For the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Specified Interest Payment Date would otherwise 
fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Specified Interest 
Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on each Interest 
Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable for the relevant Interest Period (per 
Calculation Amount, in case of Materialised Notes). The determination of the amount of interest payable 
per Calculation Amount by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after 
confirmation by the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest payable for each Interest Period (per Calculation 
Amount, in case of Materialised Notes) and the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to each of the Paying Agents and to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest 
payable for such Interest Period (per Calculation Amount, in case of Materialised Notes) and the 
Specified Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 8, the accrued interest (per 
Calculation Amount, in case of Materialised Notes) shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as 
previously by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount 
of interest payable so calculated need be made in respect of any Interest Period. 
(c) Rate of Interest of Resettable Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Resettable Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding principal amount from and including 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to: 
(i) 
for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
to (but excluding) the First Reset Date, the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) for each Interest Period falling in the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or (if there is no Second Reset Date) the Maturity Date, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest; and  
(iii) for each Interest Period in any Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest in respect of the relevant Subsequent Reset Period.  
Such interest shall be payable in arrear on each Specified Interest Payment Date. 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on each Reset Determination Date, 
calculate the amount of interest payable for each relevant Interest Period (per Calculation Amount, in 
case of Materialised Notes).

--- Page 165 ---
EMEA 150012139 
165 
 
 
 
The Calculation Agent will cause such amount of interest for each Interest Period falling within each 
Reset Period to be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to be notified to the Noteholders and any 
stock exchange on which the relevant Resettable Fixed Rate Notes are listed as soon as possible after 
their determination and in no event later than the first day of each Reset Period. 
If (y) a Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to an Original Mid-Swap Rate at any 
time or (z) the fallback provisions provided in the definition of “Mid-Swap Rate” fail to provide a means 
of determining the Original Mid-Swap Rate, when the Terms and Conditions of any Resettable Fixed 
Rate Notes provide for any reset rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by 
reference to such Original Mid-Swap Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over 
the other fallback provisions set out in the definition of the “Mid-Swap Rate” below: 
(A) 
Appointment of a Rate Determination Agent 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate Determination Agent as 
soon as reasonably practicable to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, failing which, an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (in accordance with Condition 3(c)(B)) and, in either case, a 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 3(c)(C)) and any Mid-
Swap Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 3(c)(D)). 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(c) shall act in good faith 
in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the 
absence of bad faith or fraud, the Rate Determination Agent shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and, where applicable, the 
Couponholders and Receiptholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this 
Condition 3(c). 
(B) 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines in good faith that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, then such Successor Mid-Swap Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 3(c)(C)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 3(c)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Mid-Swap Rate but there is an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, 
then such Alternative Mid-Swap Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 3(c)(C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Mid-Swap Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
3(c)). 
(C) 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that (i) a Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining such Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread, then such Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component thereof) by 
reference to such Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable).

--- Page 166 ---
EMEA 150012139 
166 
 
 
 
(D) 
Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 3(c) and the Rate Determination 
Agent determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap 
Adjustment Spread (if any) (such amendments, the “Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the specific terms of the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, then 
the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 3(c)(E) vary 
these Terms and Conditions to the extent needed to give effect to such Mid-Swap Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, 
each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and the Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and the Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) pursuant to this paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance with 
this paragraph (D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which 
the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(E) 
Notices 
Any Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment 
Spread and Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), determined under this 
Condition 3(c) will be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from 
the Rate Determination Agent, to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, 
the Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders and, 
where applicable, the Couponholders and the Receiptholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, 
if any.  
The Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred, (ii) the 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and, (iii) any Mid-
Swap Adjustment Spread and/or (iv) any Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments, in 
each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 3(c); 
and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate or Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (if any). 
The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) 
as sufficient evidence thereof. In the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the 
determination of the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate and the Mid-
Swap Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments (if any) as 
specified in such certificate, and without prejudice to the Fiscal Agent’s ability to rely on 
such certificate as aforesaid, the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
and the Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) specified in such certificate will be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Noteholders and, where applicable, the 
Couponholders and Receiptholders.

--- Page 167 ---
EMEA 150012139 
167 
 
 
 
(F) 
Survival of the Original Mid-Swap Rate 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or (ii) the Rate 
Determination Agent appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Mid-Swap Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Mid-Swap Rate in accordance with Condition 3(c)(B) prior to 
the relevant Reset Determination Date or (iii) the Issuer determines that the replacement of 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or an Alternative Mid-Swap 
Rate and, in either case, any Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and/or any Mid-Swap 
Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be): 
(x) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes being fully or partially 
excluded from the own funds and eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL or TLAC 
Requirements (as called or defined in the then applicable laws and regulations or MREL or 
TLAC criteria applicable to the Issuer); or 
(y) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes being fully or 
partially excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer with respect to Subordinated Notes; 
or 
(z) could reasonably result in the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date,  
then the Mid-Swap Rate applicable for the purpose of determining the Rate of Interest in 
respect of the relevant Reset Period shall be equal to the last Mid-Swap Rate available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Calculation Agent. In such circumstances, 
the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the 
provisions of this Condition 3(c) mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a 
Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread and/or Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments) has been 
determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 3(c). 
(G) 
Fallback in respect of the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate 
If (y) a Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to a Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate at any time or (z) the fallback provisions provided in the 
definition of “Mid-Swap Rate” fail to provide a means of determining the Successor Mid-
Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint a Rate Determination Agent and ensure that the provisions of this Condition 3(c) 
shall apply as if the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or Alternative Mid-Swap Rate was the 
Original Reference Rate. 
(d) Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
3(l). Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified 
Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant 
Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.

--- Page 168 ---
EMEA 150012139 
168 
 
 
 
(ii) Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and the provisions below relating to ISDA Determination, FBF Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the relevant ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(i) If the relevant Final Terms specify either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA 
Definitions” as the applicable ISDA Definitions:  
(a)  
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(b)  
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(c)  
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified as such in the relevant ISDA Definitions 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(d)  
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
“Compounding” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and:  
(1) “Compounding with Lookback” is specified as the “Compounding Method” 
in the relevant Final Terms, “Lookback” is the number of Applicable Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
(2) “Compounding with Observation Period Shift” is specified as the 
“Compounding Method” in the relevant Final Terms, (a) “Observation Period 
Shift” is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, and (b) “Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days”, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(3) “Compounding with Lockout” is specified as the “Compounding Method” in 
the relevant Final Terms, (a) “Lockout” is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) “Lockout Period Business 
Days”, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(e)  
if the specified Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, 
“Averaging” is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms and: 
(1) “Averaging with Lookback” is specified as the “Averaging Method” in the 
relevant Final Terms, “Lookback” is the number of Applicable Business Days as 
specified in relevant Final Terms;  
(2) “Averaging with Observation Period Shift” is specified as the “Averaging 
Method” in the relevant Final Terms, (a) “Observation Period Shift” is the number 
of Observation Period Shift Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
and (b) “Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days”, if applicable, are 
the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; or

--- Page 169 ---
EMEA 150012139 
169 
 
 
 
(3) “Averaging with Lockout” is specified as the “Averaging Method” in the 
relevant Final Terms, (a) “Lockout” is the number of Lockout Period Business 
Days specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (b) “Lockout Period Business 
Days”, if applicable, are the days specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(f)  
if the specified Floating Rate Option is a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option 
and “Index Provisions” are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift shall be applicable and:  
 (1) “Observation Period Shift” is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and  
(2) “Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days”, if applicable, are the 
days specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) in connection with any Compounding, Averaging or Index Method specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, references in the ISDA Definitions to:  
(v) “Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
relevant Day Count Fraction;  
(w) “Confirmation” shall be references to the relevant Final Terms;  
(x) “Calculation Period” shall be references to the relevant Interest Period;  
(y) “Termination Date” shall be references to the Maturity Date; and  
(z) “Effective Date” shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date. 
(iii) if the relevant Final Terms specify “2021 ISDA Definitions” as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions, (y) “Administrator/ Benchmark Event” shall be disapplied; and (z) if the 
Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating Rate Option is 
specified to be “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions), the reference to “Calculation Agent Alternative 
Rate Determination” in the definition of “Temporary Non-Publication – Alternative Rate” 
shall be replaced by “Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate”. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Applicable Business Days”, “Averaging with 
Lockout”, “Averaging with Lookback”, “Averaging with Observation Period Shift”, 
“Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift”, “Compounding with Lockout”, 
“Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Period Shift”, “Index 
Floating Rate Option”, “Lockout Period Business Days“, “Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days”, “Observation Period Shift Business Days”, “Overnight Floating 
Rate Option”, “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated 
Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the relevant ISDA 
Definitions. 
(B) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate. For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under 
which:

--- Page 170 ---
EMEA 150012139 
170 
 
 
 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, 
“Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable)”, 
“Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Transaction” have the meanings given to those 
terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that “Euribor” means the rate calculated for deposits 
in Euro which appears on the Reuters screen page EURIBOR01. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as is provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or any other such page 
as may replace that page on the relevant service, or such other service as may be 
nominated as the information vendor, for the purpose of displaying comparable rates) 
as at 11.00 a.m. Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one 
such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations. 
(b) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (a)(i) applies and no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph 
(a)(ii) applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as is provided below, 
the Issuer shall, upon request of and after consultation with the Calculation Agent, 
procure that the Calculation Agent is provided with, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, from the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate, 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on 
the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
If paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the case may 
be, determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as is provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request 
of) the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, by the Reference Banks 
or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate

--- Page 171 ---
EMEA 150012139 
171 
 
 
 
is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than two 
of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the case may 
be, with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro zone inter-bank market provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, in particular when no quotation is provided by any Reference Bank, 
the Rate of Interest shall be based on the last Reference Rate available on the Relevant 
Screen Page (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) 
Where €STR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest may be calculated using either “€STR-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” or “€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as follows: 
“€STR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest is the daily euro short-term rate) which will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” for any Interest Accrual Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, the €STR for the T2 Business Day falling “p” T2 Business Days prior 
to the relevant T2 Business Day “i”;

--- Page 172 ---
EMEA 150012139 
172 
 
 
 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
the relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately following T2 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;  
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of T2 Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-Back Period. 
“€STR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of interest is 
the daily euro short-term rate) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
[∏(1+ €STRi×ni
360
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“do” for any Observation Period, is the number of T2 Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
“€STRi” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the €STR for that T2 Business Day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant T2 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first T2 Business Day in 
the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last T2 Business Day in such 
Observation Period; 
“ni” for any T2 Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and including, 
the relevant T2 Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the immediately following T2 
Business in the relevant Observation Period; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from, and including, the date that is a number of T2 Business Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to, but 
excluding, the date that is a number of T2 Business Days equal to the number of 
Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accural 
Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of T2 Business Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 173 ---
EMEA 150012139 
173 
 
 
 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day and 
no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such T2 
Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last T2 Business Day for 
which such rate was published on the Website of the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular T2 Business Day and 
both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant €STR 
Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will 
be determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first T2 
Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then 
the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period 
occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective 
Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant 
€STR Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to 
the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR by the ECB Recommanded Rate or the Modified EDFR 
(the “€STR Replacement Rate”), as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), (i) the Rate 
of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date, 
(ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall 
be determined as if the rate of €STR for each T2 Business Day in the relevant €STR 
Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
were references to the latest published ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is 
published on a later date than the latest published ECB Recommended Rate, the 
Modified EDFR or (iii) if there no such preceding Interest Determination Date and there 
is no published ECB Recommended Rate or Modified EDFR available, as if the rate of 
€STR for each T2 Business Day in the €STR Observation Period on or after such €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published €STR (though 
substituting in each case, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes

--- Page 174 ---
EMEA 150012139 
174 
 
 
 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including any determination with 
respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in 
the Calculation Agent’s (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) sole discretion, and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(d), if (i) the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms), or (ii) the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement of the 
then-current €STR by the €STR Replacement Rate or any other amendements to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes) an MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordinated Notes only) a Capital 
Event, or (b) could reasonnably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any 
future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather that the 
relevant Maturity Date, no €STR Replacement Rate will be adopted by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), and the €STR Replacement Rate for the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period will be equal to the last €STR available, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
For the purpose of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(d): 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for 
the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by 
the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) and, failing which, the Issuer and, if determined 
by the Issuer, notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) or, if determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for 
the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), notified 
by the Calculation Agent or such other party to the Issuer; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) and, failing which, the Issuer and, if determined by the Issuer, notified by

--- Page 175 ---
EMEA 150012139 
175 
 
 
 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or, if determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), notified by the Calculation Agent or 
such other party to the Issuer: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) and, failing which, the Issuer and, if determined by the Issuer, 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) or, if 
determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), notified by the 
Calculation Agent or such other party to the Issuer; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central 
Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended 
from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the 
European Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have 
adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
(i) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first T2 
Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the 
EDFR for each of the thirty (30) T2 Business Days immediately preceding the 
date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
(ii) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean 
of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for

--- Page 176 ---
EMEA 150012139 
176 
 
 
 
each of the thirty (30) T2 Business Days immediately preceding the date on which 
the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any T2 Business Day, the interest rate representing the 
wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro area 
provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator) and published on the Website of the European Central Bank (as defined 
below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate 
is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or 
before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the T2 Business Day 
immediately following such T2 Business Day; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank 
(or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms); 
“€STR Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from and including the date falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first €STR Observation Period shall begin 
on and include the date falling “p” T2 Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” T2 Business 
Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date 
falling “p” T2 Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable); 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread; 
and 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European Central 
Bank currently at https://www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor website officially 
designated by the European Central Bank.

--- Page 177 ---
EMEA 150012139 
177 
 
 
 
(e) 
When SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes, the SONIA rate of interest determination method, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SONIA Rate of Interest Determination”), 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either SONIA Lookback 
Compound (non Index Determination), SONIA Shift Compound (non Index 
Determination), or SONIA Compound (Index Determination) as follow: 
(x) 
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below be SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(y) 
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below be 
SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(z) 
If SONIA Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below be 
SONIA-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(e): 
“SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day or LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day (i+1);  
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 178 ---
EMEA 150012139 
178 
 
 
 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London Banking 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“SONIA”, in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD”, means in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
“SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, 
as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period relating to such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation Period relating 
to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant Observation Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day or LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day “i” up to but excluding the following London 
Banking Day (i+1);  
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 179 ---
EMEA 150012139 
179 
 
 
 
“SONIA” in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; 
“SONIAi” for any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, is equal 
to SONIA in respect of that day “i”. 
“SONIA-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a compounded average interest 
investment (with the Compounded Sterling daily overnight reference as the reference 
for the calculation of interest) which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) on each Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑥
−1) 𝑥 365
𝑑 
where: 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the Observation Period relating to such Interest 
Accrual Period; 
“London Banking Day” means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London; 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or in 
the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of London Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms;  
“SONIA Compounded Indexx” means the SONIA Compounded Index value on the 
day falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the first date of such Interest Accrual Period; 
“SONIA Compounded Indexy” means the SONIA Compounded Index value on the 
day falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or in the 
final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
“SONIA” in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, 
as otherwise published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day;

--- Page 180 ---
EMEA 150012139 
180 
 
 
 
“SONIA Compounded Index” in relation to any London Banking Day shall be the 
SONIA Compounded Index value provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time), and as then published on 
the Relevant Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors. In the event that the SONIA Compounded 
Index value originally published by the administrator of SONIA on or about 9:00 a.m. 
(London Time) on any London Banking Day is subsequently corrected and such 
corrected value is published by the administrator of SONIA on the original date of 
publication, then such corrected value, instead of the value that was originally 
published, shall be deemed the SONIA Compounded Index value. 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is unavailable on the Relevant Screen Page on any 
Sonia Compounded Index determination date, the “SONIA-COMPOUND” shall be 
calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect to an Interest Accrual Period 
in accordance with “SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” and the term “Observation Shift 
Days” shall mean the number of London Banking Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
If, in respect of a London Banking Day “i-pLBD” or “i”, as applicable, the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) determines that the SONIA is not available on 
the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be:  
1. 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of 
the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate (the 
“SONIA Replacement Rate”); or 
2. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or, if more recent, the latest rate determined under (1) above. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the SONIA, the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) shall, to the extent that 
it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for the 
purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available or has not been published 
by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms), the Rate of 
Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or

--- Page 181 ---
EMEA 150012139 
181 
 
 
 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would 
have been applicable to such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period 
but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to 
the first Interest Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including any determination with 
respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection, (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in 
the Calculation Agent’s (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) sole discretion, and (iii) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(e), if (i) the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms), or (ii) the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement of 
the then current SONIA by the SONIA Replacement Rate or any other amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes) an MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event or (in the case of Subordined Notes) a Capital Event, or 
(b) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating any future 
Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather that the relevant 
Maturity Date, no SONIA Replacement Rate will be adopted by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), and the SONIA Replacement Rate for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period will be equal to the last SONIA available on the SONIA Screen Page 
as determined by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
(f) 
When SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in the respect 
of the Floating Rate Notes, the SOFR rate of interest determination, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (the “SOFR Rate of Interest Determination”), in which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined could be either SOFR Arithmetic Mean, SOFR Lockout 
Compound, SOFR Lookback Compound, SOFR Shift Compound or SOFR Index, as 
follow:

--- Page 182 ---
EMEA 150012139 
182 
 
 
 
(x) 
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of the SOFR rates for each day during the period, plus or minus (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms), where the SOFR rate on the SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in the period from (and including) the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Interest Payment Date 
(excluded); 
(y) 
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(z) 
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below be USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(xx) if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below be USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(yy) if SOFR Index is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate if 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-INDEX plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(f): 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determines on or prior 
to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for 
all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for 
all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(f), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding 
absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent 
or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Programme or the Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party.

--- Page 183 ---
EMEA 150012139 
183 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(f), if (i) the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms), or (ii) the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement of 
then-current SOFR Benchmark by the SOFR Benchmark Replacement or any other 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the affected Notes necessary to implement 
such replacement would result in (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes or 
Subordinated Notes) an MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event or (in case of 
Subordinated Notes only) a Capital Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the Relevant 
Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity 
of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, no SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
will be adopted by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement will be the SOFR determined by the Calculation Agent 
(or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the Final Terms) as of the U.S. Govermnent Securities Business Day immediately 
preceding the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
“USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day following each SOFR Rate 
Cut-Off Date, as follows, with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that is a 
SOFR Interest Reset Date, SOFR in respect of this SOFR Interest Reset Date; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the

--- Page 184 ---
EMEA 150012139 
184 
 
 
 
relevant Interest Accrual Period or such other date specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“SOFR Interest Reset Date” means each U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; provided, however, that the SOFR 
with respect to each SOFR Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, 
the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date of an Interest Accrual Period, will be the SOFR with respect to the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back 
Period; 
“SOFRi-pUSGSBD” means in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SOFR for the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day prior to the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the

--- Page 185 ---
EMEA 150012139 
185 
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period relating 
to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period relating to such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period relating to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day (i+1); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first 
date in such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the number of Observation 
Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“SOFRi” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” falling in 
the relevant Observation Period, the SOFR in respect of that U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i”. 
“USD-SOFR-INDEX” means the rate of return of a compounded interest investment 
(with the SOFR Index as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) which will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the Interest 
Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if 
necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
 
where:

--- Page 186 ---
EMEA 150012139 
186 
 
 
 
“SOFR Index” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day the SOFR Index value as published on the New York Federal Reserve’s 
Website at the SOFR Determination Time on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day. 
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms preceding the first date of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms 
preceding the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or 
in the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date). 
“dc” means the number of calendar days from (and including) the SOFR IndexStart 
to (but excluding) the SOFR IndexEnd. 
Subject paragraph (iii) below, if the SOFR Index is not published at the SOFR 
Determination Time and a Benchmark Transition Event and related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred with respect to SOFR, the “USD-SOFR-
INDEX” shall be calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect to 
an Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with “SOFR Index Unavailability” 
provisions below. If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR, the provisions set forth 
in the definition of “SOFR” below shall apply. 
SOFR Index Unavailability: If SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not 
published on the relevant Interest Determination Date and a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred 
with respect to SOFR, “USD-SOFR-INDEX” will mean, for the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily 
compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with the formula for 
SOFR Averages, and definitions required for such formula, published on the New 
York Federal Reserve’s Website. For the purposes of this provision, references in 
the SOFR Averages compounding formula and related definitions to “calculation 
period” shall be replaced with “Observation Period” and the words “that is, 30-, 
90-, or 180- calendar days” shall be removed. If the daily SOFR ("SOFRi") does 
not so appear for any day, "i" in the Observation Period, SOFRi for such day "i" 
shall be SOFR published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published on the New York Federal 
Reserve’s Website.  
For the purposes of “SOFR Index Unavailability”: 
“Observation Period” shall mean in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first 
date in such Interest Acrual Period to, but excluding, the date falling a number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days 
preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period;  
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Final Terms in relation to SOFR IndexStart 
and the SOFR IndexEnd.

--- Page 187 ---
EMEA 150012139 
187 
 
 
 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as published by the New York Federal Reserve, as the 
administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator), on the New York Federal 
Reserve’s (or such successor administrator’s) Website on or about 3:00 p.m. (New 
York City time) on the immediately following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the “SOFR Determination Time”); or 
(ii) 
if the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day does not appear as specified in paragraph (i) above, 
unless both a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in 
respect of the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such rate 
was published on the New York Federal Reserve’s (or such successor 
administrator’s) Website; or 
(iii) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred, 
(X) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable corresponding tenor 
and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, 
(Y) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment, or 
(Z) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by 
the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-
current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at 
such time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the SOFR 
or the then-current Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement. 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order presented 
in clause (iii) of the definition of “SOFR” that can be determined by the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed 
by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment;

--- Page 188 ---
EMEA 150012139 
188 
 
 
 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the 
Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time. 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the definition of “Interest Accrual Period”, timing and frequency 
of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, 
and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed 
by the Issuer decide may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer decide that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determine that no market practice for 
use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation 
Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer determine is reasonably necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (iii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark

--- Page 189 ---
EMEA 150012139 
189 
 
 
 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative. 
“ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from 
ISDA at www.isda.org) or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives 
published from time to time. 
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would be effective upon the occurrence of 
Benchmark Transition Event, where such rate may have been adjusted for an overnight 
tenor, but without giving effect to any additional spread adjustement to be applied 
according to such ISDA Definition. 
“New York Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
“New York Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the New York Federal 
Reserve, currently at https://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the New 
York Federal Reserve or the website of any successor administrator of SOFR. 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and (ii) if the Benchmark is not 
SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the 
Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto. 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USGSBD” means any day except for 
a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(g) 
When SARON is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in the 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the SARON rate of interest determination method, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “SARON Rate of Interest

--- Page 190 ---
EMEA 150012139 
190 
 
 
 
Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either 
SARON Lookback Compound or SARON Shift Compound, as follow: 
(x) 
if SARON Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below be SARON-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(y) 
if SARON Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below be SARON-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
For the purpose of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(g): 
 “SARON-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SARON as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+
SARONi-pZBD×ni
360
)-1
d0
i=1
] × 360
d  
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of Zurich Banking Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such Zurich Banking Day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day (i+1); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Zurich Banking 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
“SARONi-pZBD” means in respect of any Zurich Banking Day “i” falling in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SARON for the Zurich Banking Day falling “p” 
Zurich Banking Day prior to the relevant Zurich Banking Day “i”, as provided by 
the SARON Administrator to, and published by, authorised distributors of SARON 
in respect of that day at the SARON Reference Time (or any amended publication 
time as specified by the SARON Administrator in the SARON benchmark 
methodology) on such Zurich Banking Day.

--- Page 191 ---
EMEA 150012139 
191 
 
 
 
“SARON-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the SARON as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ SARONi×ni
360
) -1
d0
i=1
]× 360
d  
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SARON Observation Period;  
“d0”, for any SARON Observation Period, means the number of Zurich Banking 
Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich 
Banking Day in the relevant SARON Observation Period; 
“ni” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant SARON Observation Period, 
means the number of calendar days from, and including, such Zurich Banking Day 
“i” up to, but excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day (i+1); 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
“SARONi” means for any Zurich Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant SARON 
Observation Period, the SARON in respect of that Zurich Banking Day “i”, as 
provided by the SARON Administrator to, and published by, authorised distributors 
of SARON in respect of that day at the SARON Reference Time (or any amended 
publication time as specified by the SARON Administrator in the SARON 
benchmark methodology) on such Zurich Banking Day; and  
“SARON Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days 
equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first date in such Interest Accrual 
Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to 
the number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as 
any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, failing which the 
Issuer, determines at any time prior to the SARON Reference Time on any Zurich 
Banking Day that a SARON Index Cessation Event and the related SARON Index

--- Page 192 ---
EMEA 150012139 
192 
 
 
 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the Calculation Agent or another entity 
appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, shall determine the SARON Replacement.  
If the Issuer is notified by the Calculation Agent, or any another entity appointed by 
the Issuer, that there is no Recommended SARON Replacement Rate and the SNB 
Policy Rate for any Zurich Banking Day with respect to which SARON is to be 
determined has not been published on such Zurich Banking Day (the “Affected 
Zurich Banking Day”), then the Issuer will appoint an agent (the “Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent”) on or prior to the first Zurich Banking Day in respect 
of which a SARON Index Cessation Event and related SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred and for which the SNB Policy Rate has not been 
published.  
The Replacement Rate Determination Agent will determine whether to use an 
alternative rate to SARON for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and for all 
subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the SARON Observation Period in which the 
Affected Zurich Banking Day falls (the “Affected SARON Observation Period”) 
and all SARON Observation Periods thereafter.  
For the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be: 
I. 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent shall determine: (A) the method 
for determining the SARON Replacement (including any alternative 
method for determining the SARON Replacement if such alternative rate is 
unavailable on the relevant Interest Determination Date), which method 
shall be consistent with industry-accepted practices for the SARON 
Replacement and (B) any adjustment factor as may be necessary to make 
the SARON Replacement comparable to the then-current SARON 
Benchmark consistent with industry-accepted practices for the SARON 
Replacement; 
II. 
for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and all subsequent Zurich Banking 
Days in the Affected SARON Observation Period and all SARON 
Observation Periods thereafter, references to SARON in the Terms and 
Conditions shall be deemed to be references to the SARON Replacement, 
including any alternative method for determining such rate and any 
adjustment factor as described in sub-clause I above; 
III. 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make SARON 
Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to the Notes from time to 
time; 
IV. 
any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent pursuant to this Condition 
3(d)(ii)(C)(g) including any SARON Replacement Conforming Changes or 
of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, in 
each case, solely with respect to the relevant Notes, will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error and will be made by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner; 
V. 
to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this Condition and any 
other Terms and Conditions, this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(g) shall prevail with

--- Page 193 ---
EMEA 150012139 
193 
 
 
 
respect to any Notes for which the Rate of Interest is calculated in 
accordance with this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(g); 
VI. 
the Calculation Agent may determine that it is appropriate for a SARON 
Replacement to replace the then-current SARON Benchmark and apply any 
SARON Replacement Conforming Changes in respect of any subsequent 
SARON Index Cessation Event; and 
VII. 
where a SARON Index Cessation Event or details of it are announced prior 
to the relevant SARON Index Cessation Effective Date then the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent may on or after such earlier 
announcement date give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 of the relevant changes which will be made to the Notes, 
provided that, such changes will only take effect as of the SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent, 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(g), as applicable, including any determination 
with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action 
or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be 
made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent, the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), as applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become 
effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(g), if (i) the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent, the Replacement Rate Determination Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), 
or (ii) the Issuer determines that (a) the replacement of then-current SARON 
Benchmark by the SARON Replacement or any other amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the affected Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes) a MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event or (in case of Subordinated Notes only) a Capital 
Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating 
any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than 
the relevant Maturity Date, no SARON Replacement will be adopted by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the SARON Replacement for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period will be the SARON determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) as of the Zurich Banking Day immediately 
preceding the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date. 
For the purpose of this condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(g): 
“Recommended SARON Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to any 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate:

--- Page 194 ---
EMEA 150012139 
194 
 
 
 
(a) 
the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), formula or 
methodology for calculating such a spread, that the Recommending Body 
has recommended be applied to such Recommended SARON Replacement 
Rate in the case of fixed income securities with respect to which such 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate has replaced the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight as the reference rate for the purposes of determining the 
applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
(b) 
if the Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula 
or methodology as described in clause (a) above to be applied to such 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate, for the purposes of determining 
SARON, the Calculation Agent will determine the spread, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, to reduce or eliminate, to 
the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with such Recommended 
SARON Replacement Rate. The Calculation Agent will take into account 
industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities with respect to 
which such Recommended SARON Replacement Rate has replaced the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate for the purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; 
“Recommended SARON Replacement Rate” means the rate that has been 
recommended as the replacement for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by any 
working group or committee in Switzerland organised in the same or a similar 
manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was 
founded in 2013 for the purposes of, among other things, considering proposals to 
reform reference interest rates in Switzerland (any such working group or committee, 
the “Recommending Body”); 
“SARON” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day:  
(a) 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day 
published by the SARON Administrator on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or such replacement page which displays the information) at the 
SARON Reference Time;  
(b) 
if such rate is not so published on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
SARON Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, other than as a 
consequence of a SARON Index Cessation Event for which a SARON 
Index Cessation Effective Date has occurred at or prior to the SARON 
Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight published on the Relevant Screen Page for the first preceding 
Zurich Banking Day for which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page; or  
(c) 
if such rate is not so published on the Relevant Screen Page at the 
SARON Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day as a consequence 
of a SARON Index Cessation Event for which a SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date has occurred at or prior to the SARON 
Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, the SARON Replacement 
determined in accordance with this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(g);

--- Page 195 ---
EMEA 150012139 
195 
 
 
 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or any successor 
administrator); 
“SARON Benchmark” means, initially, SARON-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND or 
SARON-SHIFT-COMPOUND, provided that, if a SARON Index Cessation 
Event and its related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current SARON Benchmark, then "SARON Benchmark" means 
the applicable SARON Replacement. 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means the earliest of: 
(a) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition thereof, the date on 
which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight,  
(b) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub-paragraph (b), (x) of the definition thereof, the latest 
of: 
(i) 
the date of such statement or publication; 
(ii) 
the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication 
as the date on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no longer 
be representative; and 
(iii) 
if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in sub-
paragraph (b)(y) of the definition thereof has occurred on or prior to 
either or both dates specified in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) of this sub-
paragraph (b), the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
may no longer be used; and 
(c) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub-paragraph (b)(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of 
which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used. 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events:  
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or 
confirming that the SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight; or 
(d) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (x) the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative or will as of a certain 
date no longer be representative, or (y) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight 
may no longer be used after a certain date, which statement, in the case of 
sub-clause (y), is applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income 
securities and derivatives.

--- Page 196 ---
EMEA 150012139 
196 
 
 
 
“SARON Reference Time” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the close 
of trading on the trading platform of SIX Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such 
Zurich Banking Day, which is expected to be at or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time);  
“SARON Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent as of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date:  
(a) 
the Recommended SARON Replacement Rate for such Zurich Banking 
Day, and the related Recommended SARON Adjustment Spread, if any, 
published on such Zurich Banking Day;  
(b) 
the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the “SNB Policy Rate”) for 
such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, 
if any; or  
(c) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current 
SARON Benchmark, being such industry-accepted successor rate or, if 
no such rate exists, it shall select such rate that it has determined is most 
comparable to the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
“SARON Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any SARON 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including, but 
not limited to, timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each interest 
period and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count 
fractions, business day convention, amendments to any other Condition and other 
administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may 
be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such SARON Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice 
is not administratively feasible or if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
determines that no market practice for use of the SARON Replacement exists, in 
such other manner as the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner); 
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread 
to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for the purposes of determining SARON, 
which spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner, taking into account the historical median 
between the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy Rate during the two 
year period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event occurred 
(or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which 
the first of such events occurred); and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means any day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Zurich.

--- Page 197 ---
EMEA 150012139 
197 
 
 
 
(h) 
When TONA is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms in the 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes, the TONA rate of interest determination method, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “TONA Rate of Interest 
Determination”), in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined could be either 
TONA Lookback Compound or TONA Shift Compound, as follow: 
(x) if TONA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below be TONA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(y) if TONA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below 
be TONA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); 
“TONA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the TONA as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+
TONAi-pTBD×ni
365
) -1
d0
i=1
]× 365
d  
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“d0”, for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such Tokyo Banking Day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the following Tokyo Banking Day (i+1); 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of Tokyo Banking 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; 
“TONAi-pTBD” means in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the TONA for the Tokyo Banking Day falling “p” Tokyo 
Banking Day prior to the relevant Tokyo Banking Day “i”. 
“TONA-SHIFT-COMPOUND” means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (with the TONA as the reference rate for the calculation of

--- Page 198 ---
EMEA 150012139 
198 
 
 
 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party 
responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1+ TONAi×ni
365
) -1
d0
i=1
] × 365
d  
 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0”, for any Observation Period, means the number of Tokyo Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Tokyo Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first Tokyo 
Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, means the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such Tokyo Banking Day “i” up to, 
but excluding, the following Tokyo Banking Day (i+1); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period 
from (and including) the date falling a number of Observation Shift Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a 
number of Observation Shift Days, preceding the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Tokyo Banking Days specified in 
the relevant Final Terms; and 
“TONAi” means for any Tokyo Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Observation 
Period, the TONA in respect of that Tokyo Banking Day “i”. 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as 
any such Notes remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
If TONA in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day is subsequently corrected and 
provided by the administrator of TONA to authorised distributors of TONA and 
published on the Relevant Screen Page no later than the Correction Cut-off Time (if 
any) or, if later (or there is no such Correction Cut-off Time), one hour after the rate 
for such Tokyo Banking Day is published on the Relevant Screen Page, then TONA 
in respect of such Tokyo Banking Day shall be the subsequently corrected and 
published rate appearing on the Relevant Screen Page.  
If the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, failing which the 
Issuer, determines at any time prior to the TONA Reference Time on any Tokyo 
Banking Day that a TONA Index Cessation Event has occurred, then the rate in

--- Page 199 ---
EMEA 150012139 
199 
 
 
 
respect of each Tokyo Banking Day falling on or after the TONA Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be the JPY Recommended Rate. If there is a JPY Recommended 
Rate before the end of the first Tokyo Banking Day following the TONA Index 
Cessation Effective Date, but neither the administrator nor authorised distributors 
provide or publish the JPY Recommended Rate, then, subject to the below, in respect 
of any day for which the JPY Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY 
Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published 
JPY Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided or published JPY 
Recommended Rate, then in respect of any day for which the JPY Recommended 
Rate is required, references to the JPY Recommended Rate will be deemed to be 
references to the last provided or published TONA. 
If: 
(a) 
there is no JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Tokyo 
Banking Day following the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date; or  
(b) 
there is a JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occurs in respect of such JPY 
Recommended Rate,  
then the rate in respect of each Tokyo Banking Day falling on or after the TONA 
Index Cessation Effective Date or a JPY Recommended Rate Fixing Day occurring 
on or after the JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date, as the case 
may be, will be a commercially reasonable alternative for TONA or the JPY 
Recommended Rate, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent or 
another entity appointed by the Issuer, as applicable, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, taking into account any rate implemented by 
central counterparties and/or futures exchanges, in each case with trading volumes 
in derivatives or futures referencing TONA or the JPY Recommended Rate (as 
applicable) that the Calculation Agent or another entity appointed by the Issuer, as 
applicable, considers sufficient for that rate to be a representative alternative rate. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent 
or another entity appointed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(h), as 
applicable, including any determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to 
take or refrain from taking any action or any selection: (i) will be conclusive and 
binding absent manifest error; (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), as applicable; and (iii) notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become 
effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(h), if (i) the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), or (ii) the Issuer determines that (a) the 
replacement of then-current TONA or any other amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the affected Notes necessary to implement such replacement would 
result in (in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes) a MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event or (in case of Subordinated Notes only) a Capital

--- Page 200 ---
EMEA 150012139 
200 
 
 
 
Event, or (b) could reasonably result in the Relevant Resolution Authority treating 
any future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than 
the relevant Maturity Date, no replacement of TONA will be adopted by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and the replacement of then-current 
TONA for the relevant Interest Accrual Period will be the TONA determined by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) as of the Tokyo Banking Day immediately 
preceding the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date. 
For the purpose of this condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(h): 
“Correction Cut-off Time” means the time specified as such by the administrator 
of TONA in the TONA benchmark methodology. 
“JPY Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day, the rate 
(inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) recommended as the replacement for 
TONA by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan for the 
purpose of recommending a replacement for TONA (which rate may be produced by 
the Bank of Japan or another administrator) and as provided by the administrator of 
that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the administrator thereof (or a successor 
administrator), published by an authorised distributor in respect of such day; 
“JPY Recommended Rate Fixing Day” means, in respect of the JPY 
Recommended Rate and any day, the publication day specified by the administrator 
of the JPY Recommended Rate for the JPY Recommended Rate in its benchmark 
methodology; 
“JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of 
the JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, 
the first date on which the JPY Recommended Rate would ordinarily have been 
published or provided and is no longer published or provided; 
“JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means, in respect of the JPY 
Recommended Rate:  
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased 
or will cease to provide the JPY Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the JPY 
Recommended Rate; or  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, the central 
bank for the currency of the JPY Recommended Rate, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, 
which states that the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the JPY Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the JPY 
Recommended Rate;

--- Page 201 ---
EMEA 150012139 
201 
 
 
 
“Tokyo Banking Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Tokyo;  
“TONA” means in respect of a Tokyo Banking Day, the Tokyo Overnight Average 
(TONA) rate administered by the Bank of Japan (or any successor administrator) for 
such Tokyo Banking Day as provided by the administrator of TONA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) 
in each case as of approximately 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) (or any amended 
publication time as specified by the administrator of such rate) on the Tokyo Banking 
Day immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day. If no such rate is published by 
the administrator of TONA or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided 
by the administrator of TONA other than as a consequence of a TONA Index 
Cessation Event, then TONA for such Tokyo Banking Day will be TONA last 
provided or published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise published by 
relevant authorised distributors) that appears at approximately 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo 
time) on the Bank of Japan's Website on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately 
following such Tokyo Banking Day. 
“TONA Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of TONA and a TONA 
Index Cessation Event, the first date on which TONA would ordinarily have been 
published or provided and is no longer published or provided; 
“TONA Index Cessation Event” means, in respect of TONA:  
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of TONA announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide TONA permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide TONA; or  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of TONA, the central bank for the currency 
of TONA, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
TONA, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
TONA or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator of TONA, which states that the administrator of 
TONA has ceased or will cease to provide TONA permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there 
is no successor administrator that will continue to provide TONA; and 
“TONA Reference Time” means, with respect to any determination of TONA, 10.00 
a.m. (Tokyo time) on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately following the date of such 
determination. 
(i) 
If (y) a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at 
any time or (z) the fallback provisions provided in (b) and (c) of this Condition 
3(d)(ii)(C) and in Condition 3(f)(ii) fail to provide a means of determining the Original 
Reference Rate, when the Terms and Conditions of any Floating Rate Notes provide 
for any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference 
to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail 
over the other fallback provisions set out in (b) and (c) of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C) and

--- Page 202 ---
EMEA 150012139 
202 
 
 
 
over the fallback provisions set out in Condition 3(f)(ii), it being specified that this 
condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i) shall not apply when €STR, SOFR, SONIA, SARON or TONA 
is the applicable Reference Rate: 
(A) 
Appointment of a Rate Determination Agent 
The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate Determination 
Agent as soon as reasonably practicable to determine a Successor Reference Rate, 
failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (in accordance with Condition 
3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance 
with Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(C)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(D)). 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i) 
shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in 
consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Rate 
Determination Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and, where applicable, the Couponholders and 
Receiptholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition 
3(d)(ii)(C)(i). 
(B) 
Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Reference Rate, then such Successor Reference 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(C)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Reference Rate but there is an Alternative 
Reference Rate, then such Alternative Reference Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(C)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that (i) an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate and 
(ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) 
for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component thereof) by reference to such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments

--- Page 203 ---
EMEA 150012139 
203 
 
 
 
If any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i) and the Rate 
Determination Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner (i) that amendments to these Terms and Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (if any) (such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(E) without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders vary these Terms and Conditions to the extent needed to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice. For the avoidance of doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to 
have accepted the Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and 
the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) pursuant to this 
paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in 
accordance with this paragraph (D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any 
stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
(E) 
Notices 
Any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate or Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), determined under this 
Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i) will be notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving 
such information from the Rate Determination Agent, to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any), and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders and, where applicable, the 
Couponholders and Receiptholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
The Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Trigger Event has occurred, (ii) the 
Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate and, (iii) 
any Adjustment Spread and/or (iv) any Benchmark Amendments, in 
each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i); and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate or Adjustment Spread (if any). 
The Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to 
any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. In the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of the Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) as specified in such certificate, and without prejudice to the 
Fiscal Agent’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid, the Successor 
Reference Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) 
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will be

--- Page 204 ---
EMEA 150012139 
204 
 
 
 
binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, 
the Noteholders and, where applicable, the Couponholders and Receiptholders. 
(F) 
Survival of the Original Reference Rate 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent; or (ii) the Rate 
Determination Agent appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Reference 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with 
Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(B) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or 
(iii) the Issuer determines that the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and, in either 
case, any Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark Amendments (as the case 
may be): 
(x) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes being fully or 
partially excluded from the own funds and eligible liabilities available to meet 
the MREL or TLAC Requirements (as called or defined in the then applicable 
laws and regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable to the Issuer); or 
(y) would result in the aggregate nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes 
being fully or partially excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer with respect 
to Subordinated Notes; or 
(z) could reasonably result in the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority treating any future Interest Payment Date as the effective 
maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date,  
then the Reference Rate or CMS Reference Rate applicable for the purpose of 
determining the Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
shall be equal to the last Reference Rate or CMS Reference Rate available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Calculation Agent. In such 
circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, 
to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i) mutatis 
mutandis, on one or more occasions until a Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (and, if applicable, any associated Adjustment Spread 
and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance 
with this Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i). 
(G) 
Fallback in respect of the Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate 
If (y) a Benchmark Trigger Event occurs in relation to a Successor Reference Rate 
or Alternative Reference Rate at any time or (z) the fallback provisions provided 
for in Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(b) and Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(c) and in Condition 
3(f)(ii) fail to provide a means of determining the Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint a Rate Determination Agent and ensure that the provisions of this 
Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i) shall apply as if the Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate were the Original Reference Rate. 
(j) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being TEC 10, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the offered

--- Page 205 ---
EMEA 150012139 
205 
 
 
 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the EUR-TEC10-CNO2 
calculated by the Comité de Normalisation Obligataire, which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters Screen CNOTEC10 Page or any successor page, 
as at 10.00 a.m. (Paris time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.  
For information purposes only, the EUR-TEC10-CNO, established in April 1996, is 
the percentage yield (rounded to the nearest second decimal point, 0.005 per cent. 
being rounded upwards) of a notional 10 year French Treasury Bond (Obligation 
Assimilable du Trésor, “OAT”) corresponding to the linear interpolation between the 
yield to maturity of the two actual OATs (the “Reference OATs”) whose periods to 
maturity are closest in duration to the notional 10 year OAT, one Reference OAT's 
duration being less than 10 years and the other Reference OAT's duration being 
greater than 10 years.  
If, on any Interest Determination Date, such rate does not appear on Reuters Screen 
CNOTEC10 Page or any successor page (i) EUR-TEC 10-CNO shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the mid-market prices for each of the two 
reference OATs, which would have been used by the Comité de Normalisation 
Obligataire for the calculation of EUR-TEC10-CNO, quoted by five Spécialistes en 
Valeurs du Trésor at approximately 10:00 a.m. Paris time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question; (ii) the Issuer will procure that, upon request of and 
after consultation with the Calculation Agent, each Spécialiste en Valeurs du Trésor 
provides the Calculation Agent with a quotation of its price; and (iii) EUR-TEC10-
CNO will be the redemption yield of the arithmetic mean of such quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent after discarding the highest and lowest of such 
quotations. The above mentioned redemption yield shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula that would have been used by the 
Comité de Normalisation Obligataire for the determination of EUR-TEC10-CNO. 
(k) 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of 
time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate. 
(e) Rate of Interest on Inflation Linked Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Inflation Linked Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
 
2 2 All potential users of the EUR-TEC10-CNO must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 206 ---
EMEA 150012139 
206 
 
 
 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 3(m). Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final 
Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other 
period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the non-revised consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
metropolitan France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et des 
Etudes Economiques (the “INSEE”) (“CPI”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, 
this Condition 3(e)(ii) shall apply. Terms defined in this Condition 3(e)(ii) shall have the meanings 
set out below only when this Condition 3(e)(ii) and, where applicable, Condition 3(e)(iv) shall 
apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the “CPI Linked 
Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) 
below. 
(a) 
On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest Determination 
Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 3(e)(ii), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is the ratio 
between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any 
Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be, and (ii) the base reference 
defined as the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding Condition 
3(m)(iii), the IIR will be rounded, if necessary, to five significant figures (with halves being 
rounded up). 
“CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of any given 
month, the CPI Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding such month, and (B) 
in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third month 
preceding such month (M - 3) and the second month preceding such month (M - 2) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM - 3 
+ 
D-1 
 
(CPI Monthly Reference 
IndexM - 2 – CPI Monthly 
Reference IndexM - 3) 
NDM 
with: 
“NDM” being the number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D” being the actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2” being the price index of month M - 2; and 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3” being the price index of month M - 3.

--- Page 207 ---
EMEA 150012139 
207 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding Condition 3(l)(iii), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index will be rounded 
if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the Agence 
France Trésor Reuters page OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg page TRESOR or any 
successor page of any of them and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in the 
interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, such methods shall 
be interpreted by reference to the procedures selected by the French Treasury (Trésor) for its 
obligations assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l’inflation. 
“CPI Monthly Reference Index” refers to the definitive consumer price index excluding 
tobacco for all households in metropolitan France, as calculated and published monthly by 
the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
(b) The calculation method described below is based on the recommendation issued by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) in its 
July 2011 Paper entitled “Inflation-linked bonds”. In the case of any conflict between the 
calculation method provided below and the calculation method provided by the French Bond 
Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall prevail. 
The CPI Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the fixed rate per annum specified in the relevant 
Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(c) 
(1) If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a substitute 
CPI Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index”) shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provisions: 
(x) If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice provisoire) has already been 
published, such index shall automatically be used as the Substitute CPI Monthly 
Reference Index. Such provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index would be 
published under the heading “indice de substitution”. Once the definitive CPI 
Monthly Reference Index is released, it would automatically apply from the day 
following its release to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute index shall 
be calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as set out 
in the following formula: 
Substitute CPI Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
 
 
1 
CPI Monthly Reference IndexM-1 
 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-1 
12 
CPI Monthly Reference Index M-13 
 
 
(2) In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the purpose 
of calculating the CPI Monthly Reference Index, the two CPI Monthly Reference 
Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of 
the December CPI Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, which 
corresponds to the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the following 
year. Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following equation:

--- Page 208 ---
EMEA 150012139 
208 
 
 
 
Key = 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis 
CPI Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous basis 
 
Such that: 
CPI Monthly Reference 
Index
Date D 
= 
CPI Monthly Reference 
Index 
Date D 
 Key 
New 
Basis 
Previous 
Basis 
 
(iii) Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the non-revised harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring the 
rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat 
(the “HICP”) is specified as the Index in the relevant Final Terms, this Condition 3(e)(iii) shall 
apply. Terms defined in this Condition 3(e)(iii) shall have the meanings set out below only when 
this Condition 3(e)(iii) and, where applicable, Condition 3(e)(iv) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP (the “HICP Linked 
Interest”) will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of sub-paragraphs (a) to (c) 
below. 
(a) On the fifth Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an “Interest Determination 
Date”) the Calculation Agent will calculate the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 3(e)(iii), the “Inflation Index Ratio” or “IIR” is the ratio 
between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable upon any 
Interest Payment Date or the redemption date, as the case may be, and (ii) the base reference 
defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the 
date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the “Base Reference”). Notwithstanding 
Condition 3(l)(iii), the IIR will be rounded, if necessary, to five significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
“HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index” means (A) in relation to the first day of any given 
month, the HICP Monthly Reference Index of the third month preceding such month, and (B) 
in relation to a day (D) (other than the first day) in any given month (M), the linear 
interpolation of the HICP Monthly Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third month 
preceding such month (M – 3) and the second month preceding such month (M – 2) calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index = 
HICP Monthly Reference IndexM-3 
+ D-1 
 (HICP Monthly Reference IndexM - 2 – 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M - 3) 
NDM 
 
with: 
“NDM” being the number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 31; 
“D” being the actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of payment of 
principal and interest, shall be equal to 25; 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2” being the price index of month M – 2; and 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3” being the price index of month M – 3.

--- Page 209 ---
EMEA 150012139 
209 
 
 
 
Notwithstanding Condition 3(l)(iii), the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index will be 
rounded if necessary to five significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index appears on the Agence 
France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01 or any successor page, on the website www.aft.gouv.fr 
and on Bloomberg page TRESOR or any successor page. 
“HICP Monthly Reference Index” refers to the harmonised index of consumer prices 
excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding 
tobacco as calculated and published by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted or replaced 
from time to time as provided herein. The first publication or announcement of a level of such 
index for a given month shall be final and conclusive and later revisions to the level for such 
month will not be used in any calculations. 
(b) The HICP Linked Interest applicable from time to time for each Interest Period (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the fixed rate per annum specified in the relevant 
Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index Ratio (as defined above). 
(c) 
(1) If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a timely manner, a substitute 
HICP Monthly Reference Index (the “Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index”) 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(x) If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has already been published by 
Eurostat, such index shall automatically be used as the Substitute HICP Monthly 
Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP Monthly Reference Index is released, 
it would automatically apply from the day following its release to all calculations 
taking place from this date. 
(y) If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is available, a substitute index 
shall be calculated on the basis of the most recently published figure adjusted as 
set out in the following formula: 
Substitute HICP Monthly Reference IndexM = 
 
 
 
1 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M - 1  
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-1 
12 
HICP Monthly Reference Index M-13 
 
 
(2) In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base changes for the purpose 
of calculating the HICP Monthly Reference Index, the two HICP Monthly Reference 
Indexes which have been calculated on a different basis will be chained on the basis of 
the December HICP Monthly Reference Index of the last year of joint publications, 
which corresponds to the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the 
following year. Such chaining will be carried out in accordance with the following 
equation: 
Key = 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the new basis 
HICP Monthly Reference Indexpertaining to December calculated on the previous 
basis

--- Page 210 ---
EMEA 150012139 
210 
 
 
 
Such that: 
HICP Monthly Reference 
Index 
Date D  
New 
Basis 
= 
HICP Monthly Reference 
Index  
Date D  
Previous 
Basis 
  
Key 
(iv) Inflation Linked Range Accrual Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of any Inflation Linked Notes with respect to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods may be conditional upon the YoY Inflation Index Level (as defined below) being 
equal to, lower than and/or greater than pre-determined rates on, before or after a specified date or 
on one or more days during a specified period as shall be specified in the relevant Final Terms (an 
“Inflation Linked Range Accrual Note”). 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Range Accrual Notes for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be a rate per annum determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with one of 
the following formulae: 
(A) Rate of Interest = Applicable Rate x Accrual Factor; or 
(B) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor x [Applicable Rate x Accrual Factor]. 
For the purposes of such Inflation Linked Range Accrual Notes, the following terms shall have the 
following meanings: 
“Accrual Factor” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, a fraction where the 
numerator “n” is a number between 0 and 12 corresponding to the number of Interest 
Determination Dates (as defined in Condition 3(e)(iii)(a) above or as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, as the case may be) since the Interest Commencement Date on which the YoY Inflation 
Index Level was within the relevant Range divided by 12 as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Applicable Rate” means the relevant rate (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) 
calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as the case may 
be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“Gearing Factor” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Latest Level” means, in respect of any Interest Determination Date, the HICP Monthly Reference 
Index of the third month preceding the month in which such Interest Determination Date falls; 
“Lower Limit” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Range” means in respect of any YoY Inflation Index Level any one (only) of Range1, Range2, 
Range3, Range4 or Range5 as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Range1” means that on the relevant Interest Determination Date the YoY Inflation Index Level 
is greater than or equal to the Lower Limit and lower than or equal to the Upper Limit; 
“Range2” means that on the relevant Interest Determination Date the YoY Inflation Index Level 
is greater than the Lower Limit and lower than the Upper Limit; 
“Range3” means that on the relevant Interest Determination Date the YoY Inflation Index Level 
is greater than or equal to the Lower Limit and lower than the Upper Limit; 
“Range4” means that on the relevant Interest Determination Date the YoY Inflation Index Level 
is greater than the Lower Limit and lower than or equal to the Upper Limit;

--- Page 211 ---
EMEA 150012139 
211 
 
 
 
“Range5” means that on the relevant Interest Determination Date the YoY Inflation Index Level 
is less than the Lower Limit or greater than the Upper Limit; 
“Reference Level” means, in respect of any Interest Determination Date, the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index of the 15th month preceding the month in which such Interest Determination Date 
falls; 
“Upper Limit” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“YoY Inflation Index Level” means the ratio, calculated by the Calculation Agent and expressed 
as a percentage (rounding, if necessary and notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 3(k)(iii), 
to the nearest eighth decimal point (with 0.000000005 being rounded upwards), in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Latest Level 
– 1 
Reference Level 
 
(f) Rate of Interest on CMS Linked Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each CMS Linked Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 3(m). Such Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if 
no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment 
Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months, or other period shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as the Interest Period, after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
CMS Rate 
(a) 
The Rate of Interest in respect of CMS Linked Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent by applying one of the following formulae (a “CMS 
Rate”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) Rate of Interest = CMS Rate 
(B) Rate of Interest = Max[(Gearing Factor  CMS Rate); Min RI]; 
(C) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor  CMS Rate; 
(D) Rate of Interest = (Gearing Factor  CMS Rate) + Margin; 
(E) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor  (CMS + Margin) 
(F) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor  (CMS Rate – Margin); 
(G) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor  [Max(0; CMS Rate – Margin1) – Max(0; CMS Rate 
– Margin2)]; 
(H) Rate of Interest = CMS Rate1 – (CMS Rate2  Gearing Factor); 
(I) 
Rate of Interest = (CMS Rate1 – (Gearing Factor  CMS Rate2)) + Margin; 
(J) Rate of Interest = Min[(Applicable Rate + Margin); Gearing Factor (CMS Rate1 – CMS 
Rate2)];

--- Page 212 ---
EMEA 150012139 
212 
 
 
 
(K) Rate of Interest = Min[CMS Rate1; Applicable Rate] – CMS Rate2 - Margin; 
(L) Rate of Interest = (1 + CMS Rate – Margin) – 1;  
(M) Rate of Interest = Gearing Factor  (CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2); 
(N) Rate of Interest = Min [Max RI; Max [[CMS Rate1 + [(CMS Rate1 – CMS Rate2) – 
Margin]]; Min RI]]; 
(O) Rate of Interest = Min [Max RI; Max [[(Gearing Factor x CMS Rate) – Margin]; Min 
RI]]; 
(P) Rate of Interest = Min [Applicable Rate; Max [MinRI; (CMS Rate + Margin)]]; 
(Q) Rate of Interest = Min [CMS Rate1, CMS Rate2] [+/-] Margin; 
(R) Rate of Interest = Min [MaxRI; (CMS Rate + Margin)]; 
(S) Rate of Interest = Max [Min [(Applicable Rate x CMS Rate); (Gearing Factor x CMS 
Rate)]; MinRI]; or 
(T) Rate of Interest = Max [Min [(Gearing Factor1 x CMS Rate); (Gearing Factor2 x CMS 
Rate)]; MinRI] 
where: 
“Applicable Rate”, “Applicable Rate1” and “Applicable Rate2” mean the rates (expressed 
as a percentage) specified in the relevant Final Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates 
and/or Floating Rate Options (as the case may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“CMS Rate”, “CMS Rate1” and “CMS Rate2” mean the relevant CMS Reference Rate(s) 
or Floating Rate Option(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which may, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, be calculated by reference to the mathematical 
difference between, product of, quotient of, or sum of, two CMS Reference Rates or Floating 
Rate Options, or by applying one of the formulae specified in sub-paragraphs (A) to (J) above; 
“CMS Reference Rate” means the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in EUR with 
a maturity of the relevant specified maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
“Relevant Swap Rate”), expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date in question, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent;  
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available on any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Calculation Agent shall determine on such relevant Interest 
Determination Date the applicable rate based on quotations of five Reference Banks (to be 
selected by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer) for the Relevant Swap Rate relating to the 
relevant maturity at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, such quotations being provided to the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks upon 
request of the Issuer, after consultation with and upon request of the Calculation Agent. The 
highest and lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) quotations 
so determined shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining 
the Reference Rate which will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to five significant 
figures with halves being rounded up) of such provided quotations. 
If fewer than three quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
above paragraph, it will be determined in accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(f) above;

--- Page 213 ---
EMEA 150012139 
213 
 
 
 
“Gearing Factor”, “Gearing Factor1” and “Gearing Factor2” have the meanings specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Margin”, “Margin1” and “Margin2” have the meanings specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Max” means, when followed by two or more amounts and/or calculations inside brackets, 
and each separated by a comma or a semi-colon, the greater of such amounts and/or 
calculations. For example, “Max (X[,/;]Y) means whichever is the greater of the component 
X or Y”. 
“Max RI” means Maximum Rate of Interest. 
“Min” means, when followed by two or more amounts and/or calculations inside brackets, 
and each separated by a comma or a semi-colon, the lesser of such amounts and/or 
calculations. For example, “Min (X[,/;]Y)” means whichever is the lesser of component X or 
Y; and  
where “Screen Rate Determination” and/or “ISDA Determination” and/or “FBF 
Determination” is/are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the relevant 
provisions of Condition 3(e)(ii) shall apply as though references to Floating Rate Notes were 
references to CMS Linked Notes. 
“Min RI” means Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(iii) 
Range Accrual Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of any Range Accrual Notes with respect to one or more Interest 
Accrual Periods may be determined by applying any one of the CMS Rates or may be an 
Applicable Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms and be conditional upon one or more 
specified CMS Rates (either individually or when aggregated or subtracted from each other) 
being equal to, lower than or greater than a pre-determined rate on, before or after a specified 
date or on one or more days during a specified period as shall be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (a “Range Accrual Note”). 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Range Accrual Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = Relevant Rate  Accrual Factor 
For the purposes of such Range Accrual Notes, the following terms shall have the following 
meanings: 
“Accrual Factor” means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the number of Range 
Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Observation Period in respect of which the relevant Single 
Underlying Value and/or Dual Underlying Value, as the case may be, fell within the relevant 
Range and/or satisfied the relevant Barrier Level Condition(s) on the same Range Accrual Day, 
divided by the total number of days in such Interest Observation Period, in each case as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
“Applicable Rate” means the relevant rate (expressed as a percentage) specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, be (x) an absolute value, (y) 
calculated based upon one or more Reference Rates and/or Floating Rate Options (as the case 
may be) or (z) a combination of (x) and (y); 
“Barrier” means, in respect of any Single Underlying Value and/or Dual Underlying Value any 
one (only) of Barrier1 or Barrier2, as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 214 ---
EMEA 150012139 
214 
 
 
 
“Barrier Level Condition” means a Barrier Level1 Condition and/or a Barrier Level2 
Condition; 
“Barrier Level1 Condition” means, in respect of any relevant Range Accrual Day, that the 
relevant Single Underlying Value is greater than or equal to Barrier Level1; 
“Barrier Level2 Condition” means, in respect of any relevant Range Accrual Day, that the 
relevant Dual Underlying Value is greater than or equal to Barrier Level2; 
“Barrier1 Level” will be as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Barrier2 Level” will be as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Dual Underlying(s)” means CMS2 and/or CMS3 as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Dual Underlying Value” means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day the amount equal to 
CMS Rate2 minus CMS Rate3 as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, such Interest 
Accrual Period. For each calendar day which is not a T2 Business Day during the Interest 
Observation Period, the level of the relevant CMS Rates for each such day shall be the 
corresponding level of the relevant CMS Rates applicable to the immediately preceding T2 
Business Day in such Interest Observation Period. The level of the relevant CMS Rates 
attributable to each of the last five calendar days of such Interest Observation Period until the 
last day of such Interest Accrual Period (inclusive) shall be the corresponding level of the 
relevant CMS Rates applicable to the last T2 Business Day during such Interest Observation 
Period falling immediately prior to such fifth calendar day; 
“Lower Limit” means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Range” means in respect of (i) any Single Underlying Value and/or (ii) Dual Underlying Value 
any one (only) of Range1, Range2, Range3, Range4 or Range5 as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Range1” means that on the relevant Range Accrual Day the relevant Single Underlying Value 
and/or Dual Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the Lower Limit and lower than or 
equal to the Upper Limit; 
“Range2” means that on the relevant Range Accrual Day the relevant Single Underlying Value 
and/or Dual Underlying Value is greater than the Lower Limit and lower than the Upper Limit; 
“Range3” means that on the relevant Range Accrual Day the relevant Single Underlying Value 
and/or Dual Underlying Value is greater than or equal to the Lower Limit and lower than the 
Upper Limit; 
“Range4” means that on the relevant Range Accrual Day the relevant Single Underlying Value 
and/or Dual Underlying Value is greater than the Lower Limit and lower than or equal to the 
Upper Limit; 
“Range5” means that on the relevant Range Accrual Day the relevant Single Underlying Value 
and/or Dual Underlying Value is less than the Lower Limit or greater than the Upper Limit; 
“Range Accrual Day” means, with respect to an Interest Observation Period, each date 
specified as a Range Accrual Day in the relevant Final Terms, which may be each date falling 
every one (1), seven (7), thirty (30), sixty (60), ninety (90), one hundred and eighty (180) or 
three hundred and sixty-five (365) days after the first date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or such other date(s) (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) falling within such 
Interest Observation Period;

--- Page 215 ---
EMEA 150012139 
215 
 
 
 
“Relevant Rate” means the Applicable Rate or the CMS Rate as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
“Single Underlying” means CMS Rate1 specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Single Underlying Value” means, with respect to a Range Accrual Day the rate of the Single 
Underlying on that Range Accrual Day; 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Underlying Value may have a positive value, negative value or 
may be equal to zero (0); 
“Upper Limit” means the percentage or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(g) Rate of Interest on TEC 10 Linked Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of TEC 10 Linked Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent by applying one of the following formulae, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
Rate of Interest = [Max (0%, Gearing Factor x (TEC 10 Rate – Margin)]; 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest = [Max (0%, Gearing Factor x (TEC 10 Rate + Margin)]; 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest = TEC 10 Rate – Margin; or 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest = TEC 10 Rate + Margin; 
where: 
“Gearing Factor” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
“Margin” has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) Rate of Interest on Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Rate of Interest of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 4(b)). 
(i) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert, or that will 
automatically change, on one or more dates set out in the relevant Final Terms from one specified interest 
basis (such as, but not limited to, Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS Rate and/or HICP Linked Interest) to 
another specified interest basis (such as, but not limited to, Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS Rate and/or 
HICP Linked Interest). 
(j) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is (i) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (B) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date 
would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention,

--- Page 216 ---
EMEA 150012139 
216 
 
 
 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if “ISDA Determination” is specified as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified as the applicable ISDA 
Definitions and “Unscheduled Holiday” (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then if (i) Floating Rate Business Day Convention, Modified 
Following Business Day Convention or Preceding Business Day Convention applies to a particular date 
and (ii) such date falls on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday 
(disregarding references to “Valuation Business Day” and “Exercise Business Day” and construing 
references to the “Confirmation” to mean the relevant Final Terms) notwithstanding the provisions of 
limbs (i), (iii) and (iv) of the above sub-paragraph, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day. 
(k) Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue 
(after as well as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 3 to 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6).  
(l) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts 
and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one 
or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case 
of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 3(c) or, as the case may be, Condition 3(e) above by 
adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such 
Margin subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher rate 
is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall 
due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes 
“unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country or 
countries of such currency. 
(m) Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note (per Calculation Amount, in the case af 
Materialised Notes) for any Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest 
and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note (or the Calculation Amount specified hereon, in case

--- Page 217 ---
EMEA 150012139 
217 
 
 
 
of Materialised Notes) by the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest 
Amount is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period in the relevant Final Terms, in which case the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Note (per Calculation Amount, in case of Materialised 
Notes) for such Interest Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period 
comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest 
Period (per Calculation Amount, in case of Materialised Notes) shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which 
interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction 
shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
(n) Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Redemption Amounts, 
Fair Market Value Redemption Amount and Instalment Amounts 
The Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall, as soon as practicable 
on each Interest Determination Date or such other time on such date as the Calculation Agent or the 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent, as applicable, may be required to calculate any rate, any Redemption 
Amount, Fair Market Value Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain any quote or make any 
determination or calculation, determine the Rate of Interest and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Redemption Amount, the Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount, or Instalment Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as the 
case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period 
and the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Redemption 
Amount, the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent 
appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information 
and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange, 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the 
relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of 
a Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such 
determination or, in the case of Range Accrual Notes, no later than the last day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period. Where any Specified Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 3(j), the Interest Amounts and the Specified Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 8, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in 
respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this 
Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
The determination of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount, Redemption Amount and Instalment 
Amount, the obtaining of each quote and the making of each determination or calculation by the 
Calculation Agent(s) or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent(s), as applicable, shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(o) Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below. 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org);  
“2021 ISDA Definitions” means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as

--- Page 218 ---
EMEA 150012139 
218 
 
 
 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org);  
 “Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination Agent determines 
and which is required to be applied to the Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate, 
as the case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Reference Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Reference Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; 
(ii) 
if no recommendation required under (i) above has been made or in the case of an Alternative 
Reference Rate, is customary in international debt capital market transactions for 
transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Alternative Reference Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Reference Rate); 
(iii) 
if (i) and (ii) does not apply, which is recognised or acknowledged as being representative 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Reference Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate, as the case may be; or 
(iv) 
if (i), (ii) and (iii) does not apply, the Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Reference Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Rate 
Determination Agent determines in accordance with Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(B) and which is 
representative in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
“Alternative Mid-Swap Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Rate 
Determination Agent determines in accordance with Condition 3(c)(B) and which is representative in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(d)(ii)(C)(i)(D); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as 
applicable ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) Business Days or ceasing 
to exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-
Swap Rate that it (i) will cease publishing or (ii) has ceased to publish the Original Reference 
Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap Rate); 
or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate, that the Original Reference Rate or the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate or any component thereof, as applicable has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or

--- Page 219 ---
EMEA 150012139 
219 
 
 
 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate, the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences which would not allow its further use in respect of the Notes ; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate or 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate announcing that the use of the Original Reference Rate or the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally, or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences which would not allow its further use in respect of the Notes; or 
(f) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, the 
Original Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable announcing that such 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable is no longer (or 
will no longer be) representative of its underlying market or the methodology to calculate 
such Original Reference Rate or Original Mid-Swap Rate has materially changed; or 
(g) 
it has become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, any other party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
or holder of Coupons or Receipts using the Original Reference Rate, the Original Mid-Swap 
Rate or any component thereof, as applicable; or 
(h) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 or article 35 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 of any 
benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish the Original Reference Rate or 
the Original Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable, has been adopted (for 
the avoidance of doubt, the authorisation or registration of the administrator of a benchmark 
shall not be considered to be withdrawn if the administration of such benchmark is 
transferred to another administrator that is so authorised or registered),  
provided that: 
(i) in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) and (b), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date of the cessation 
of publication of the Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable; 
(ii) in the case of sub-paragraph (c), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date on which the Reference 
Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable, has been or will be discontinued; 
(iii) in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date on which the 
Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable, is prohibited from being 
used; 
(iv) in the case of sub-paragraph (e), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date on which the 
Reference Rate or the Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof, as applicable, becomes subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences; 
(v) in the case of sub-paragraph (f), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date on which the Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof is no longer representative of its underlying market 
or the methodology to calculate such Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate or any component thereof has 
materially changed, 
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the date of the relevant public 
statement coincides with the relevant date in (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) above, as applicable). 
“Benchmark Trigger Event” means a Benchmark Event. 
 “Business Day” means:

--- Page 220 ---
EMEA 150012139 
220 
 
 
 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre 
for that currency (which, in the case of Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong) and/or 
(ii) in the case of euro, a day on which the T2 is operating (a “T2 Business Day”) and/or 
(iii) in the case of a specified currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in the specified currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is specified, generally in each 
of the Business Centre(s) so specified; 
“Calculation Amount” means, in respect of Materialised Notes, an amount specified in the relevant 
Final Terms constituting either (i) in the case of one single denomination, the amount of that 
denomination (e.g. EUR100,000) or (ii) in the case of multiple denominations, the highest common 
amount by which the multiple denominations may be divided (for example, EUR1,000 in the case of 
EUR101,000, EUR102,000 or EUR103,000); 
“CMT Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination Date in relation to such 
Reset Period, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent and expressed as a percentage equal to: 
(a) 
the yield for United States Treasury Securities at “constant maturity” for the relevant CMT 
Rate Maturity, as published in the H.15 under the caption “Treasury constant maturities 
(Nominal)”, as that yield is displayed, for the relevant Reset Determination Date, as the case 
may be, on the CMT Rate Screen Page; or 
(b) 
if the yield referred to in (a) above is not published by 4:00 p.m. (New York City time) on 
the CMT Rate Screen Page on such Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the yield 
for U.S. Treasury Securities at "constant maturity" for the relevant CMT Rate Maturity as 
published in the H.15 under the caption "Treasury constant maturities (Nominal)" for such 
Reset Determination Date, as the case may be; or 
(c) 
if the yield referred to in paragraph (b) above is not published by 4:30 p.m. (New York City 
time) on such Reset Determination Date, the Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate on such Reset 
Determination Date. 
“CMT Rate Maturity” means the designated maturity for the CMT Rate to be used for the 
determination of the Reset Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“CMT Rate Screen Page” means page the Bloomberg service or any successor service or such other 
page as may replace that page on that service for the purpose of displaying "Treasury constant 
maturities" as reported in the H.15; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”) 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual-ISDA” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365), 
(ii) if “Actual/365 – FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is 
the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is 365. If 
part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual/365 – FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the 
fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the non-leap year and whose

--- Page 221 ---
EMEA 150012139 
221 
 
 
 
denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose numerator is the number of actual days elapsed 
during the leap year and whose denominator is 366, 
(iii) if “Actual/Actual – FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect of each calculation, 
the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose 
denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period), 
(iv) if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365, 
(v) if “Actual/360” is specified hereon, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, 
(vi) if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
(
)

(
)


360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30 and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30, 
(vii) if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
(
)

(
)


360
1
2
1
2
30
1
2
360
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls,

--- Page 222 ---
EMEA 150012139 
222 
 
 
 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30 and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
(viii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified hereon, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)
(
)

(
)


360
1
2
1
2
30
1
2
360
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x
−
+
−
+
−
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls, 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls, 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls, 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls, 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30 and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
(ix) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified hereon: 
(a) if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(b) if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, 
the Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 223 ---
EMEA 150012139 
223 
 
 
 
“Euro-zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted 
or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended; 
“Fair Market Value Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note or, as in the case of 
Materialised Notes, Calculation Amount, such amount (not less than zero) as shall be determined to be 
the fair market value (in the currency of the denomination of such Note) of such Note or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, Calculation Amount, as at (or about) the date of early redemption, taking into 
account, without limitation (i) the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any related underlying hedging 
arrangements entered into in respect of such Note or, in the case of Materialised Notes, Calculation 
Amount (such as, but not limited to, any market bid/offer spread and any ancillary cost in relation to 
such unwinding), whether such hedge is held directly by the Issuer or indirectly through an affiliate, 
and/or (ii) any replacement liquidity costs and/or (iii) any other appropriate costs, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
In determining the fair market value of the Note or, in the case of Materialised Notes, Calculation 
Amount, the Calculation Agent shall take into consideration all information which it deems relevant 
(including, without limitation, market conditions). 
In the case of early redemption pursuant to Condition 8, the Calculation Agent shall not take into account 
the financial condition of the Issuer and for such purposes the fair market value shall be determined on 
the presumption that the Issuer is able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Notes as at the 
date of redemption. 
The Fair Market Value Redemption Amount determined as specified above shall be deemed to include 
any amounts in respect of accrued interest. 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 Fédération Bancaire Française (“FBF”) 
Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments (formerly 2007 Master 
Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical 
Schedules published by the FBF, as the case may be) (together the “FBF Master Agreement”), as 
amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date; 
“First Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date (or, if there is no Second Reset Date) the Maturity Date; 
“First Reset Period U.S. Treasury Yield” means the yield specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“First Reset Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the Reset Reference Rate for the First Reset Period and 
the First Margin, adjusted as necessary according to the provisions of the applicable Final Terms; 
“H.15” means the daily statistical release designated as H.15, or any successor publication, published 
by 
the 
board 
of 
governors 
of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
System 
at 
https://www.federalreserve.gov/releases/H15 or such other page, section, successor site or publication 
as may replace it; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 3; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” has the meaning specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 224 ---
EMEA 150012139 
224 
 
 
 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date; 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable (per Calculation Amount, 
in case of Materialised Notes) for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes, and shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified hereon as being 
payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual 
Period forms part and 
(ii) in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable (per Calculation Amount, in case of 
Materialiserd Notes) for that period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified hereon; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
or the interest amount in relation to RMB Notes, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, (i) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the 
day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest 
Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two T2 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is euro; 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Specified Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) any Specified Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next succeeding Specified Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become 
payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date; 
“Interest Period Date” means each Specified Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified hereon; 
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate” means, for any Reset Period, the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction 
(i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in 
an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with 
an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (calculated on the day count basis 
customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation” means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Market Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate” means EURIBOR or other reference rate as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other rate, if any, as will have generally replaced 
EURIBOR or any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms in the relevant market at the 
relevant time for purposes of the Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
“Mid-Swap Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or the methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Rate Determination Agent

--- Page 225 ---
EMEA 150012139 
225 
 
 
 
determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, as the case may be, and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Mid-Swap Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate with the Successor Mid-Swap Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body;  
(b) 
if no recommendation required under (a) above has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Mid-Swap Rate, is customary in international debt capital market transactions 
for transactions which reference the Original Mid-Swap Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Alternative Mid-Swap Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Mid-Swap 
Rate); 
(c) 
if (a) and (b) does not apply, which is recognised or acknowledged as being representative 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original Mid-Swap Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Mid-Swap Rate or the Alternative Mid-
Swap Rate, as the case may be; or 
(d) 
if (a), (b) and (c) does not apply, the Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate; 
“Mid-Swap Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(c)(D); 
“Mid-Swap Benchmark Trigger Event” means a Benchmark Event; 
“Mid-Swap Maturity” means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Mid- Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period, either: 
(a) 
(x) if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(y) if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations 
for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in either case, as at approximately the Relevant Time 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
If on any Reset Determination Date, the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-
Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date, the Issuer shall, upon request of and after consultation with 
the Calculation Agent procure that the Calculation Agent is provided by each of the Reset 
Reference Banks with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Reset Determination Date in question. If, on any Reset Determination Date, at 
least three of the Reset Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as

--- Page 226 ---
EMEA 150012139 
226 
 
 
 
the case may be, for the relevant Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant quotations provided, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest) and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only two relevant quotations are provided, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant 
Reset Period will be the arithmetic mean (rounded as aforesaid) of the relevant quotations 
provided and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, only one relevant quotation is provided, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, for the relevant 
Reset Period will be the relevant quotation provided and the First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date, none of the Reset Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided above, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as the case may be, shall be based on 
the last Mid-Swap Rate available on the Relevant Screen Page and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin, as the case may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
If the provisions of paragraph (b) above fail to provide a means of determining the Rate of 
Interest, the fallback provisions provided in Condition 3(c) above shall apply. 
“Original Mid-Swap Rate” means the originally-specified mid-swap rate used to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Resettable Fixed Rate Notes as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate Determination Agent” means an agent appointed by the Issuer which may be (i) an Independent 
Adviser, (ii) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial center of the Specified Currency 
(which may include one of the Dealers involved in the issue of the Notes) as appointed by the Issuer, 
(iii) any affiliate of the Issuer, (iv) the Calculation Agent or (v) any other entity which the Issuer 
considers has the necessary competences to carry out such role. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of this Note and which 
is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the provisions on this Note; 
“Redemption Amount” means the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, of the Note, 
which in each case, unless otherwise specified hereon, shall be its nominal amount; 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or EUR CMS, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Issuer, upon request of and in consultation with the Calculation Agent or as specified hereon or in the 
Applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such hereon or any Successor Reference Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate, as applicable:

--- Page 227 ---
EMEA 150012139 
227 
 
 
 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate, 
as applicable, relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate, as applicable, 
(c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified hereon; 
“Reset Date” means each of the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and any Subsequent Reset 
Date, as applicable; 
“Reset Determination Date” means, in respect of a Reset Period, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
“Reset Period” means each of the First Reset Period or any Subsequent Reset Period, as applicable; 
“Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset Determination 
Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards) determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the basis of the Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate Quotations provided by the Reset 
Reference Banks to the Calculation Agent on such Reset Determination Date: 
(a) 
if at least five such Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate Quotations are provided to 
the Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate will be the arithmetic 
mean of the Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate Quotations provided, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the 
lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
(b) 
If less than five but more than two Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate Quotations 
are provided to the Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate will 
be the arithmetic mean of the Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate Quotations 
provided, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
(c) 
If only two or less Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate Quotation is provided to the 
Calculation Agent, the Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate will be (i) in the case of 
each Reset Period other than the First Reset Period, the relevant CMT Rate in 
respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case of the First 
Reset Period, the First Reset Period U.S. Treasury Yield, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
“Reset Reference Bank CMT Rate Quotation” means, in relation to a Reset Period and the Reset 
Determination Date in relation to such Reset Period, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent as 
being a yield-to-maturity based on the arithmetic mean of the secondary market bid prices of the Reset 
Reference Banks for Reset United States Treasury Securities at approximately 4:30 p.m. (New York 
City time) on such Reset Determination Date; 
“Reset Reference Banks” means:

--- Page 228 ---
EMEA 150012139 
228 
 
 
 
(i) 
if Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Reset Reference Rate, for 
the relevant Reset Period, the principal office in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency of five leading dealers in the swap market; or 
(ii) 
if CMT Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Reset Reference Rate, for the 
relevant Reset Period, five banks which are primary United States Treasury Securities 
dealers or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues denominated in U.S. dollars in 
New York City,  
in each case, as selected by the Issuer, upon request of and in consultation with the Calculation Agent 
(excluding any of its affiliates, the Fiscal Agent, any Paying Agent, Agent or any of their respective 
affiliates); 
“Reset Reference Bond” means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the 
government of the state responsible for issuing the Specified Currency selected by the Issuer (after 
consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute determined to be 
appropriate by the Issuer, which, for avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation Agent) as having the 
nearest actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period and that (in the opinion 
of the Issuer) would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issuances of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency 
and of a comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period;  
“Reset Reference Rate” means either the Mid-Swap Rate, the CMT Rate, the Sterling Reference Bond 
Rate, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reset United States Treasury Securities” means, on the Reset Determination Date, United States 
Treasury Securities with: 
(i) 
an original maturity which is equal or comparable to the duration of the relevant CMT Rate 
Maturity, a remaining term to maturity of no less than the original maturity less twelve (12) 
months and,  
(ii) 
in a principal amount equal to an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
such United States Treasury Securities in the New York City market; 
“Second Reset Date” means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, the currency 
in which the Notes are denominated;  
“Sterling Reference Bond Rate” means with respect to any Reset Period and related Reset 
Determination Date, the gross redemption yield in respect of the Reset Reference Bond expressed as a 
percentage and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt 
Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields", page 5, Section 
One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts; Double dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or 
Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" (published on 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 
2002 and 16 March 2005, and as further amended, updated, supplemented or replaced from time to time) 
or, if such basis is no longer in customary market usage at such time, a gross redemption yield calculated 
in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as determined by the Issuer following 
consultation with an investment bank or financial institution of international repute determined to be 
appropriate by the Issuer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, could be the Calculation Agent), on an 
annual or semi-annual (as the case may be) compounding basis (rounded up (if necessary) to four 
decimal places) of the Reset Reference Bond in respect of that Reset Period, assuming a price for the 
Reset Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reset Reference 
Bond Price for such Reset Determination Date;

--- Page 229 ---
EMEA 150012139 
229 
 
 
 
 “Subsequent Margin” means the percentage specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Date” means each date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Subsequent Reset Period” means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) 
a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Subsequent Reset Date or, in the case of 
the final Subsequent Reset Date, to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; 
“Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest” means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period, the rate of 
interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of 
the Reset Reference Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin, adjusted as necessary according to the 
provisions of the applicable Final Terms.  
“Successor Mid-Swap Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Mid-Swap Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body and if, following a Benchmark 
Event, two or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, 
the Rate Determination Agent, shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most 
appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of 
the Issuer; 
“Successor Reference Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body and if, following a Benchmark Event, two 
or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Rate 
Determination Agent, shall determine which of those successor or replacement rates is most appropriate, 
having regard to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer; 
“T2 Business Day” means a day on which T2 is operating;  
“T2” means the real-time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor or 
replacement thereto; 
 “United States Treasury Securities” means securities that are direct obligations of the United States 
Treasury, issued other than on a discount rate basis. 
(p) Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents or Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms applicable to this Note and 
for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined in Condition 9). Where more than one Calculation 
Agent or Make-Whole Calculation Agent are appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Calculation Agent and/or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall be construed as 
each Calculation Agent or Make-Whole Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act 
as such or if the Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate 
of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount or the 
Redemption Amount or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank 
or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-
counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be 
made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor 
having been appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 230 ---
EMEA 150012139 
230 
 
 
 
Notice of any change in the Calculation Agent or the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall promptly be 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 below. 
4 
Redemption and Purchase of Notes and Options relating to Notes 
(a) Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
(i) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 4, each Note 
that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each 
Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified hereon. The outstanding principal 
amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment 
Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the principal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the 
Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount.  
(ii) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note shall be 
finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified hereon at its Final Redemption Amount (which, 
unless otherwise provided, is its principal amount or, in the case of a Note falling within sub-
paragraph (i) above, its final Instalment Amount).  
(b) Early Redemption  
(A) Zero Coupon Notes: 
(i) 
The Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
payable in respect of any Note that does not bear interest prior to the Maturity Date upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 4(c) or upon it becoming due and payable as 
provided in Condition 8 shall be calculated as provided below. 
(ii) Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the Optional Redemption Amount or 
the Early Redemption Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate as would produce an 
Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount equal to the issue price of 
the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded 
annually. 
(iii) If the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 4(c) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 8 is not paid when due, the Optional Redemption Amount 
or the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be as defined 
in sub-paragraph (ii) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
date on which the Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of 
the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with this 
sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, 
unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note together with any 
interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 3(k). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon.

--- Page 231 ---
EMEA 150012139 
231 
 
 
 
(B) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (A) 
above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 4(c) and Condition 4(d) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 8 shall be the Final Redemption Amount 
together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption (including, where applicable, any 
arrears of interest) or the Fair Market Value Redemption Amount, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(c) Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) If, by reason of any change in French law or regulation, or any change in the official application 
or interpretation of such law or regulation, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would 
on the occasion of the next payment of interest or other assimilated revenues due in respect of 
Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons, not be able to make such payment 
without having to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 6 below and the obligation 
to pay such additional amounts cannot be avoided by reasonable measures available to the Issuer 
(a “Withholding Tax Event”), the Issuer may, at its option, subject to, in the case of Senior Notes, 
Condition 4(k) and in the case of Subordinated Notes, Condition 4(l), on any Specified Interest 
Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having given 
not more than 45 nor less than 15 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14 redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given 
shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of 
interest or other revenues without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) If the Issuer would on the next payment of interest or other assimilated revenues due in respect of 
Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons be prevented by French law from 
making payment to the Noteholders or Couponholders of the full amount then due and payable, 
notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 6 below and the 
obligation to pay such additional amounts cannot be avoided by reasonable measures available to 
the Issuer (a “Tax Gross-Up Event”), then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the 
Fiscal Agent and the Issuer may at its option subject to, in the case of Senior Notes, Condition 4(k) 
and in the case of Subordinated Notes, Condition 4(l), upon giving not less than 7 days’ prior notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
outstanding Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date 
set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Specified Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of the full amount of interest or other revenues then due and payable in respect 
of the Notes, provided that if such notice would expire after such Specified Interest Payment Date 
the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) the latest 
practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount of interest or other 
revenues then due and payable in respect of the Notes and (ii) 14 days after giving notice to the 
Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, provided 
that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest 
practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount of interest or other 
revenues payable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
(d) 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event 
This Condition 4(d) applies to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, if MREL or TLAC Disqualification 
Event (as defined below) is specified as applicable in respect of Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated

--- Page 232 ---
EMEA 150012139 
232 
 
 
 
Notes, this Condition 4(d) applies to such Senior Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. Upon the 
occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event the Issuer may, in respect of Senior Notes, 
subject to Condition 4(k) (if relevant) and in respect of Subordinated Notes, subject to Condition 4(1) 
(if relevant), at its option, at any time and having given no less than fifteen (15) nor more than forty five 
(45) calendar days’ prior notice to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and, where applicable, holders of 
any related Receipts and Coupons, (in accordance with Condition 14), which notice shall be irrevocable, 
redeem the outstanding Notes in whole, but not in part, at their Early Redemption Amount, determined 
in accordance with Condition 4(b), together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event will be permitted before five (5) years after the Issue Date of such Subordinated 
Notes, except in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, if MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event is specified as 
applicable in respect of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes, in the case of such Senior Preferred Notes, 
no redemption upon the occurrence of a MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event will be permitted before 
one (1) year after the Issue Date of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or such Senior Preferred Notes, 
except in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“FSB” means the Financial Stability Board or any successor or replacement thereof; 
“MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event” means that, by reason of a change in regulatory 
classification of the Notes under the MREL or TLAC Requirements, which change was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of such Series of Notes is excluded fully or partially from the own funds or eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL or TLAC Requirements (as called or defined by the then applicable 
regulations or MREL or TLAC criteria applicable to the MREL Group). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
exclusion of a Series of Notes from the own funds and eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
or TLAC Requirements (i) due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period 
prescribed thereunder and/or (ii) by reason, with respect to Senior Notes only, of any quantitative 
limitation on the amount of liabilities that rank pari passu with unsubordinated liabilities that cannot 
count towards the MREL or TLAC Requirements, does not constitute a MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event; 
“MREL or TLAC Requirements” means the minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the MREL Group referred to 
in the BRRD and the CRR, or any other EU laws and regulations implemented in French laws and 
regulations and/or as set out in policies and/or principles of the Single Resolution Board Mechanism 
Regulation, as the case may be, and/or, if applicable to the MREL Group, as per the FSB TLAC Term 
Sheet dated 9 November 2015, as amended from time to time. 
For the purposes of these Conditions, “MREL Group” means Crédit Mutuel Group which consists of 
all the affiliates to the central body of the Confédération Nationale du Crédit Mutuel as provided in the 
article L.512-56 of French Code monétaire et financier. 
The “Crédit Mutuel Group” means all the affiliates to the central body of the Confédération Nationale 
du Crédit Mutuel as provided in the article L.512-56 of French Code monétaire et financier.

--- Page 233 ---
EMEA 150012139 
233 
 
 
 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon occurrence of a Capital Event or a Tax Deduction 
Event with respect to Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer may, in respect of Subordinated Notes, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives and Condition 4(l) and on giving notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) 
falling within the Issuer’s Notice Period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the holders of 
such Subordinated Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons redeem all, but not 
some only of, the outstanding Subordinated Notes on the date so provided at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event or a Tax Deduction Event, provided that the due date for redemption of any Series of Subordinated 
Notes of which notice hereunder may be given in respect of a Tax Deduction Event shall be no earlier 
than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make such payment with interest payable being 
tax deductible. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019), (or any provision of French law implementing the 
Directive 2014/59/EU); 
“Capital Event” means, in respect of any Series of Subordinated Notes, that, by reason of a change in 
the regulatory classification of the Notes under the Relevant Rules that was not reasonably foreseeable 
by the Issuer on the Issue Date of such Series of Subordinated Notes, the Notes are fully or partially 
excluded from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer, provided that such exclusion is not as a result of any 
applicable limits on the amount of Tier 2 Capital; 
“CRD IV” means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019) 
or any provision of French law implementing the Directive 2013/36/EU); 
“CRR” means Regulation 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council on prudential 
requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time 
(including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019); 
“Relevant Regulator” means, as the case may be, the European Central Bank, the Single Resolution 
Board and/or any successor or replacement thereof, or other authority having primary responsibility for 
the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or 
participate in the exercise of any powers under the BRRD from time to time and/or any other authority 
having responsibility for the application of any of the Relevant Rules from time to time; 
“Relevant Rules” means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating 
to capital adequacy from time to time applicable to the Issuer and as applied by the Relevant Regulator 
and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority and as amended from time to time including the rules 
contained in or implementing the CRD IV, the CRR and/or the BRRD; 
“Tier 2 Capital” means capital which is treated, for the purposes of the Issuer, as a constituent of Tier 
2 under the Relevant Rules by the Relevant Regulator, as amended from time to time including the rules 
contained in or implementing CRD IV and/or CRR, in either case whatever the terminology employed 
by future applicable banking laws, directives or regulations and/or by the Relevant Regulator;

--- Page 234 ---
EMEA 150012139 
234 
 
 
 
“Tax Deduction Event” means, in respect of any Series of Subordinated Notes, that by reason of any 
change in French laws or regulations, or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of such Series of Subordinated Notes, the tax regime 
applicable to any interest or other assimilated revenue payment under the Subordinated Notes is 
modified and such modification results in the amount of the interest or other assimilated revenue payable 
by the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes that is tax-deductible by the Issuer for French corporate 
income tax (impôts sur les bénéfices des sociétés) purposes being reduced, provided that the due date 
for redemption of any Series of Subordinated Notes of which notice hereunder may be given in respect 
of a Tax Deduction Event shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could 
make such payment with interest payable or other assimilated revenue being so tax deductible to the 
same extent as it was on the Issue Date of such Series. 
(f) Make-Whole Redemption at the Option of the Issuer in the case of Senior Preferred Notes 
If a Make-Whole Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms with respect 
to Senior Preferred Notes, the Issuer may, at its option, at any time (the “Make-Whole Redemption 
Date”) and having given no less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ prior notice 
to the Fiscal Agent, the holders of such Senior Preferred Notes and, where applicable, any related 
Receipts and Coupons (in accordance with Condition 14), which notice shall be irrevocable, redeem the 
outstanding Senior Preferred Notes in whole, but not in part, at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount 
(as defined below).  
The Issuer shall, not less than fifteen (15) calendar days before the giving of any notice referred to 
above, notify the Fiscal Agent and the Make-Whole Calculation Agent of its decision to exercise the 
Make-Whole Redemption Option. No later than the Business Day immediately following the 
Calculation Date, the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders of the Make-Whole Redemption Amount. All Notes shall be redeemed on the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition.  
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions: 
“Calculation Date” means the third Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
“Make-Whole Calculation Agent” means the international credit institution or financial services 
institution appointed by the Issuer in relation to a Series of Notes, as specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means an amount calculated by the Make-Whole Calculation 
Agent and equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes so redeemed and 
(y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on 
such Notes (excluding any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole 
Redemption Date) discounted to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the 
Make-Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin, plus in each case, any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date.  
“Make-Whole Redemption Margin” means the margin as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Make-Whole Redemption Rate” means (i) the average of the four quotations given by the Reference 
Dealers of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security on the fourth Business 
Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time (CET)) 
(Reference Dealer Quotation) or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
The Make-Whole Redemption Rate will be published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 235 ---
EMEA 150012139 
235 
 
 
 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent 
which are primary European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market 
makers in pricing corporate bond issues, or such other banks or method of selection of such banks as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Reference Screen Rate” means the screen rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Reference Security” means the security as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the Calculation Date, quoted in writing by the Make-Whole 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with Condition 14.  
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the 
Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, 
in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the 
Notes.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Make-Whole Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(g) Redemption at the Option of the Issuer in the case of any Notes  
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives and, in the case of Senior Notes, Condition 4(k), and, in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, Condition 4(l), and on giving notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to 
the Noteholders falling within the Issuer’s Notice Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
redeem, in whole or, if so provided in the relevant Final Terms, in part the outstanding Notes on any 
Optional Redemption Date(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Any such redemption of Notes 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or as determined in the manner specified 
in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date(s). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no redemption at the option of the Issuer will be permitted before 
five (5) years after the Issue Date of such Subordinated Notes, except in accordance with the Relevant 
Rules. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, if MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event is specified as 
applicable in respect of a series of Senior Preferred Notes, in the case of such Senior Preferred Notes, 
no redemption at the option of the Issuer will be permitted before one (1) year after the Issue Date of 
such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or such Senior Preferred Notes, except in accordance with the Relevant 
Rules. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Dematerialised Notes, the redemption may be effected by 
application of a pool factor in line with the rules of Euroclear France (corresponding to a reduction of 
the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal 
amount redeemed) in which case any payments of interest or other amounts under such Notes shall be 
calculated taking into account the application of such pool factor, subject to compliance with any other 
applicable laws and stock exchange requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Materialised Notes, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain 
the certificate numbers of the Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in

--- Page 236 ---
EMEA 150012139 
236 
 
 
 
such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market 
practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange requirements.  
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other stock 
exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which 
there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with Articles 221-
3 and 211-4 of the Règlement Général of the Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) and on the 
website of any other competent authority and/or other stock exchange where the Notes are listed and 
admitted to trading, a notice as provided in Condition 14 specifying the aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding and a list of the Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(h) Clean-up Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If a Clean-up Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms with respect to 
the Notes, and if 75 per cent. or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Clean-
up Percentage”) of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the 
avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with 
the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, 
the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may, at any time, at its option, (subject to the provisions of Condition 
4(k) or Condition 4(l), as applicable) and having given not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty 
(30) calendar days’ prior irrevocable notice (or such other Notice Period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), in accordance with Condition 14, to the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders, redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption, on any Optional Clean-up Redemption Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Redemption at the Option of holders of Senior Preferred Notes 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, upon the Noteholder giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), at the option of the holder of any Senior Preferred Note, redeem such Senior Preferred 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms at its Optional 
Redemption Amount being (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) the principal amount together 
with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must, in the case of Dematerialised Notes transfer, or cause to be 
transferred, the Dematerialised Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent specified in 
the Exercise Notice (as defined below), and in the case of Materialised Notes, deposit such Materialised 
Note (together with, if applicable, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with 
any Paying Agent at its specified office, together, in each case, with a duly completed option exercise 
notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent within the Notice Period (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). No Senior Preferred Note so deposited and option exercised 
may be withdrawn (except as provided in the French Law Agency Agreement) without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. 
So long as the Senior Preferred Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on 
any other stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each 
year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Senior Preferred Notes, cause to be published 
in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 211-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF and on the website 
of any other competent authority and/or other stock exchange where the Senior Preferred Notes are 
listed and admitted to trading, a notice as provided in Condition 14 specifying the aggregate nominal 
amount of Senior Preferred Notes outstanding.

--- Page 237 ---
EMEA 150012139 
237 
 
 
 
(j) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may, subject to Condition 4(k), in respect of Senior Notes and Condition 4(l), in respect of 
Subordinated Notes, at any time but not, (i) in the case of Subordinated Notes, before the fifth (5th) 
anniversary of the Issue Date of any Series of such Subordinated Notes, except in accordance with the 
Relevant Rules, (ii) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes before the first (1st) anniversary of the 
Issue Date of any Series of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, except in accordance with the Relevant 
Rules, or (iii), in the case of Senior Preferred Notes for which MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event 
is specified as applicable, before the first (1st) anniversary of the Issue Date of such series of Senior 
Preferred Notes, except in accordance with the Relevant Rules, purchase Notes (provided that, in the 
case of Materialised Notes, where applicable, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons appertaining thereto are attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at 
any price. 
Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms, Notes 
which are purchased by the Issuer or on behalf of the Issuer, may, subject to the applicable law of the 
jurisdiction of the Issuer, be held or resold for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes in 
accordance with Articles L.213-0-1 and D.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier or as 
otherwise provided by applicable laws and regulations from time to time. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer or any agent on its behalf shall have the right at all times to 
purchase Subordinated Notes for liquidity purposes provided that: (a) the general prior permission of 
the Relevant Regulator shall be obtained; and (b) the total principal amount of the Notes so purchased 
does not exceed the lower of (i) ten (10) per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required 
by the Relevant Regulator in accordance with the Relevant Rules from time to time) of the initial 
aggregate principal amount of the Subordinated Notes of any Series and (ii) three (3) per cent. of the 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer from time to time outstanding (or any other threshold as may be requested 
or required by the Relevant Regulator in accordance with the Relevant Rules). Any Subordinated Notes 
so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations 
for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of such Subordinated Notes as otherwise provided as 
aforesaid. 
(k) 
Conditions to redemption prior to Maturity Date in the case of Senior Notes 
(i) 
Unless “Prior permission of the Relevant Resolution Authority” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as not applicable, according to Articles 77(2), and 78a of the CRR, where applicable, Senior 
Preferred Notes may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled (as applicable) pursuant to 
Condition 4(c), 4(d), 4(g), 4(h), 4(i) or Condition 4(j), as the case may be, if the Relevant 
Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority has given its prior permission to such 
redemption or purchase or cancellation (as applicable), to the extent required at such time by the 
Relevant Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Regulator to give its prior 
permission (if required) shall not constitute a default for any purpose. 
(ii) 
According to Articles 77(2), and 78a of the CRR, where applicable, Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled (as applicable) pursuant to Condition 4(c), 4(d), 
4(g), 4(h) or Condition 4(j), as the case may be, if the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant 
Resolution Authority has given its prior permission to such redemption or purchase or cancellation 
(as applicable), to the extent required at such time by the Relevant Rules. For the avoidance of 
doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Regulator to give its prior permission (if required) shall not 
constitute a default for any purpose.

--- Page 238 ---
EMEA 150012139 
238 
 
 
 
(l) 
Conditions to redemption prior to Maturity Date in the case of Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed, purchased or cancelled (as applicable) pursuant to Condition 
4(c), 4(d), 4(e), 4(h), 4(g) or Condition 4(j) (subject in the case of purchase to the provisions set out in 
the last paragraph of Condition 4(j)), as the case may be, if: 
(i) 
the Relevant Regulator has given its prior permission to such redemption or purchase (as 
applicable) (for the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Regulator to give its prior 
permission shall not constitute a default for any purpose);  
(ii) 
on or before such redemption or purchase of the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer replaces such 
Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the 
Issuer’s income capacity, or the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Regulator that its own funds and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or purchase, 
exceed the requirements under the Relevant Rules by a margin that the Relevant Regulator may 
consider necessary; 
(iii) 
in the event any redemption or purchase in respect of any Series of Subordinated Notes is intended 
to take place prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of any such Series: 
(x) in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Capital Event, (i) the Relevant 
Regulator considers such change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to 
the satisfaction of the Relevant Regulator that the Capital Event was not reasonably foreseeable 
at such Issue Date; or 
(y) in the case of redemption due to the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event, a Tax 
Deduction Event or a Tax Gross-up Event, the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Regulator that such Withholding Tax Event, Tax Deduction Event or Tax Gross-up 
Event is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at such Issue Date; or 
(z) before or at the same time of the redemption or purchase of the Subordinated Notes, the 
Issuer replaces such Notes with own funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that 
are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant Regulator has permitted 
that action on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point 
of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(xx) in the case of repurchase for market making purposes; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer has delivered a certificate signed by one of its senior officers to the Principal Paying Agent 
(with copies thereof being made available to the Noteholders at the Principal Paying Agent's 
specified office during its normal business hours) not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the 
date set for redemption that the relevant Capital Event, Withholding Tax Event, Tax Deduction Event 
or, as the case may be, Tax Gross-up Event has occurred or will occur no more than ninety (90) days 
following the date fixed for redemption, as the case may be. 
(m) Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed or purchased for cancellation by the Issuer must be surrendered for 
cancellation by surrendering each such Note together with, where applicable, all unmatured Receipts 
and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons to the Fiscal Agent and, shall, together with, where applicable, 
all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered 
for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Notes shall be discharged.

--- Page 239 ---
EMEA 150012139 
239 
 
 
 
5 
Payments and Talons 
(a) Methods of Payment 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Dematerialised Notes (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), be made by transfer to the account (denominated in the Specified Currency) of the 
relevant Euroclear France Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and (ii) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur), to accounts (denominated 
in the relevant Specified Currency) with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the relevant 
Noteholder. All payments validly made to such accounts of such Euroclear France Account 
Holders or Bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments.  
In this Condition 5, “Bank” means a bank in the principal financial centre for the relevant 
Specified Currency (which in the case of Renminbi, means Hong Kong, in the case of Australian 
dollars, means Sydney and, in the case of Canadian dollars, means Montreal) or, in the case of 
euro, in a city in which banks have access to the T2. 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes 
(1) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below, payments made in: 
(A) 
a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account denominated in such Specified Currency or an account on which such 
Specified Currency may be credited or transferred maintained by the payee with, 
or (other than in the case of Renminbi), at the option of the payee, by a cheque in 
such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre(s) of 
the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars, shall be Sydney, if the Specified Currency is Canadian dollars, 
shall be Montreal and, if the Specified Currency is Renminbi, shall be Hong 
Kong); and 
(B) 
euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the option 
of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(2) 
Presentation and surrender of definitive Materialised Notes and Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in 
the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption 
and provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative 
Materialised Note), Materialised Notes (in the case of all other payments of principal and, 
in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 5(e)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of 
interest, save as specified in Condition 5(e)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the currency in 
which such payment is due drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an 
account denominated in that currency with, a Bank.

--- Page 240 ---
EMEA 150012139 
240 
 
 
 
(b) Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on such Materialised Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is 
then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
(c) Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of 
law or agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its 
Agents are subject and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described 
in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “IRS Code”) or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the IRS Code, any regulations or agreement thereunder, 
official interpretations thereof or law implementing an intergovernmental agreement thereto 
(“FATCA”) and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied 
by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements.  
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of any Notes or, where applicable, any 
related Receipts or Coupons in respect of such payments. 
(d) Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed 
below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with the holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon. The Issuer reserves the right 
at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent or the Consolidation Agent and to appoint additional or 
other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent and, where 
applicable, a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Paying Agent having a specified office in a European city which, 
(A) so long as the Notes are listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall be Luxembourg, (B) so long as the Notes are listed on 
Euronext Paris and the rules of that exchange so require, shall be Paris and (C) so long as the Notes are 
listed on any other stock exchange and the rules of such stock exchange so require, shall be a specified 
city of the country of such stock exchange and (iv) such other agents as may be required by the rules of 
any other stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materlialised Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (b) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 below.

--- Page 241 ---
EMEA 150012139 
241 
 
 
 
(e) Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons 
(i) 
Unless the Materialised Notes provide (where applicable) that the relative Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Materialised Notes, Materialised Notes should be 
surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, failing 
which an amount equal to the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon 
that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the 
Redemption Amount due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the 
Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has become void 
pursuant to Condition 7). 
(ii) If the Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Materialised Note (whether or not attached) shall become 
void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Materialised Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note that is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Materialised Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due 
date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Materialised Notes is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Materialised Note is presented for redemption 
without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision 
of such indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) 
of the relevant Materialised Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Note that only bears interest 
after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Materialised Note against 
presentation of the relevant Materialised Note. 
(f) Talons 
On or after the Specified Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if 
necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become 
void pursuant to Condition 7). 
(g) Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day, nor to any interest or other sum in 
respect of such postponed payment.  
In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday):

--- Page 242 ---
EMEA 150012139 
242 
 
 
 
(i) 
(x) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (y) in 
the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for 
business in the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centres” in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(iii) 
(x) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such currency (which, in the case of Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong) or (y) in the case 
of a payment in euro, which is a T2 Business Day. 
(h) Payment of U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an Inconvertibility, Non-Transferability or 
Illiquidity occurs or if Renminbi is otherwise not available to the Issuer as a result of circumstances 
beyond its control and such unavailability has been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, following which 
the Issuer is unable to satisfy payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of RMB 
Notes, the Issuer on giving not less than five nor more than 30-days irrevocable notice to the Noteholders 
prior to the due date for payment, may settle any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. dollars on 
the due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, no such payment of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
shall by itself constitute a default in payment within the meaning of Condition 8. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5(h) by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent, 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agents and all Noteholders.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5(h):  
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) 
of Hong Kong; 
“Illiquidity” means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong has become illiquid, 
other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-Transferability, as determined by the Issuer 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi 
Dealers; 
“Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of RMB Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted 
after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation); 
“Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong or from an account outside Hong Kong to an account inside Hong Kong, 
other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule

--- Page 243 ---
EMEA 150012139 
243 
 
 
 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted 
after the Issue Date and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with 
such law, rule or regulation); 
“Renminbi Dealer” means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer; 
“RMB Rate Calculation Agent” means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate or identified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“RMB Rate Calculation Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong 
and in New York City; 
“RMB Rate Calculation Date” means the day which is two RMB Rate Calculation Business Days 
before the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions; 
“RMB Spot Rate” for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot CNY/U.S. dollar exchange rate 
for the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the-counter CNY exchange market in Hong Kong 
for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent 
at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis 
by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF and if such rate is not available, the RMB Rate 
Calculation Agent will determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the 
RMB Rate Calculation Date as the most recently available CNY/U.S. dollar official fixing rate for 
settlement on the relevant due date for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange of the PRC, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page CNY=SAEC, where reference to a 
page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates 
Service (or any successor service) or such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of 
displaying a comparable currency exchange rate; and 
“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into U.S. dollars using the 
RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent. 
6 
Taxation 
(a) Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal, interest and other assimilated revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) Additional Amounts 
Other than in relation to payments of principal in respect of the Notes, if French laws or regulations 
should require that payments of interest or other revenues in respect of such Notes and where applicable 
any related Receipts and Coupons be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the 
fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts in respect of Notes and where 
applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders, or, if 
applicable the Receiptholders or the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable, as the case may be:

--- Page 244 ---
EMEA 150012139 
244 
 
 
 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder, or, if applicable, a 
Receiptholder or a Couponholder, as the case may be, who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature in respect of such Note, Receipt, or 
Coupon, by reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere holding of such 
Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised Notes, more 
than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent that the Noteholder or, if 
applicable, a Receiptholder or a Couponholder, as the case may be, would have been entitled to 
such additional amounts on presenting such Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be, for 
payment on the thirtieth such day; or 
(iii) FATCA withholding: where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to FATCA, or its 
subsequent implementation into the French law.  
As used in these Conditions, “Relevant Date” in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the 
date on which payment in respect thereof first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made 
or (if earlier) the date on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation, 
in the case of Materialised Notes. References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to 
include any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Redemption Amounts, 
Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 
4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include (x) all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it 
and (y) any additional amounts which may be payable under this Condition 6. 
7 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of 
principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 
6).  
8 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Senior Preferred Notes 
This Condition 8(a) shall apply in respect of any Tranche of Senior Preferred Notes unless the relevant 
Final Terms specify “No Event of Default” (as defined below) in respect of a Tranche of Senior 
Preferred Notes. 
If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the holder of any Senior 
Preferred Note may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is 
immediately repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together with accrued 
interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
(i) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due on such Notes or any of them on 
the due date and such default continues for a period of 30 days or more after written notice thereof 
is received by the Issuer from the Fiscal Agent (and the Fiscal Agent shall be bound to give such 
notice forthwith upon the request of any holder of such Notes); or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under such Notes or any of them 
and (except where such failure is incapable of remedy when no notice will be required) such failure

--- Page 245 ---
EMEA 150012139 
245 
 
 
 
continues for a period of 60 days after written notice is received by the Issuer from the Fiscal Agent 
(and the Fiscal Agent shall be bound to give such notice forthwith upon the request of any holder of 
such Notes) specifying such default and requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or for a transfer 
of the whole of the business (cession totale de l’entreprise) of the Issuer, or the Issuer is subject to 
similar proceedings or, in the absence of legal proceedings, the Issuer makes a conveyance, 
assignment or other arrangement for the benefit of its creditors or enters into a composition with its 
creditors; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of, directly or indirectly, the whole or a substantial 
part of its undertaking or assets, or the Issuer enters into or commences any proceedings in 
furtherance of voluntary liquidation or dissolution, except in the case of a disposal of all or 
substantially all of the Issuer’s assets in favour of an entity which simultaneously assumes all or 
substantially all of the Issuer’s liabilities including the Notes or in connection with a merger or 
reorganisation of the Issuer. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that no Event of Default shall apply in respect of a Tranche of Senior 
Preferred Notes, holders of such Notes shall not be entitled in any event to require Senior Preferred Notes 
to be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date. Senior Preferred Notes will become immediately due and 
payable in the event that an order or an effective decision is made for the liquidation (liquidation judiciaire 
or liquidation amiable) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason at their principal 
amount together with interest accrued thereon to the date of payment without any further formality. 
(b) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
There are no events of default in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Noteholders are not 
entitled in any event to require Senior Non-Preferred Notes to be redeemed prior to their Maturity 
Date.  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will become immediately due and payable in the event that an order or an 
effective decision is made for the liquidation (liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) of the 
Issuer or if the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason at their principal amount together with interest 
accrued thereon to the date of payment without any further formality. 
(c) 
Subordinated Notes 
There are no events of default in respect of Subordinated Notes and Noteholders are not entitled in 
any event to require Subordinated Notes to be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date. 
Subordinated Notes will become immediately due and payable in the event that an order or an effective 
decision is made for the liquidation (liquidation judiciaire or liquidation amiable) of the Issuer or if 
the Issuer is liquidated for any other reason at their principal amount together with interest accrued 
thereon to the date of payment without any further formality. 
9 
Meeting and voting provisions and Modification  
In respect of meetings of the Noteholders, the following definitions shall apply: 
(A) 
references to a “General Meeting” are to a general meeting of Noteholders of all Tranches of a 
single Series of Notes convened to deliberate and vote on one or more proposed Resolutions (as 
defined below) and include, unless the context otherwise requires, any adjourned meeting thereof; 
(B) 
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a 
General Meeting has been, or is to be, called, and to the Notes of the Series in respect of which a

--- Page 246 ---
EMEA 150012139 
246 
 
 
 
Written Resolution (as defined below) has been, or is to be sought, and to the holders of those Notes, 
respectively; 
(C) 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than: 
(i) 
those Notes which have been redeemed in full and cancelled in accordance with the 
Conditions; 
(ii) 
those in respect of which the date for redemption in accordance with the Conditions has 
occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the 
date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid (i) in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes in dematerialised bearer form and in administered 
registered form, to the relevant Euroclear France Account Holders on behalf of the 
Noteholder as provided in Condition 5, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 5 and (iii) in the 
case of Materialised Notes, to the Fiscal Agent as provided in the French Law Agency 
Agreement and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of 
Materialised Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the case may be; 
(iii) 
those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed under 
Condition 7; 
(iv) 
those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions; or 
(v) 
in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes that have 
been surrendered in exchange for replacement Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only 
of determining how many such Materialised Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to 
their status for any other purpose) those Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen 
or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Materialised Notes have been issued and 
(iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one 
or more Definitive Notes, pursuant to its provisions or which has become void in accordance 
with its terms 
(vi) 
provided that for the right to attend and vote at any General Meeting those Notes (if any) 
which are for the time being held by any person (including but not limited to the Issuer or 
any of its subsidiaries) for the benefit of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries and not cancelled 
shall (unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to be outstanding; 
(D) 
“Resolution” means a resolution on any of the matters described in this Condition passed at (x) a 
General Meeting in accordance with the quorum and voting rules described herein or (y) by a Written 
Resolution (as defined below); and 
(E) 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 75 per 
cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding. 
For the purposes of calculating a period of clear days, no account shall be taken of the day on which a 
period commences or the day on which a period ends. 
(a) No Masse 
In respect of the Notes with an initial denomination of, or which can be only traded in amounts of, at least 
€100,000 or its equivalent in other currencies at the time of issue, and if the applicable Final Terms specify 
“No Masse”, the below provisions of this Condition 9(a) should apply.

--- Page 247 ---
EMEA 150012139 
247 
 
 
 
(i) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Noteholders shall not be 
grouped in a masse having separate legal personality and acting in part through a representative of the 
noteholders (représentant de la masse) and in part through general meetings; however: 
(A) The following provisions of the French Code de commerce shall apply to the General 
Meetings and Written Resolutions, Articles L. 228-46-1, L.228-59, L.228-60, L.228-60-
1, L.228-61, L.228-66, L.228-67, L.228-76, L.228-88, R.228-1 to R.228-11, R.228-66, 
R.228-68, R.228-70, R.228-71 and R.228-73 to R.228-75 of the French Code de 
commerce, and subject to the following provisions of this Condition 9 (a); and 
(B) Whenever the words “de la masse”, “d’une même masse”, “par les représentants de la 
masse”, “d’une masse”, “et au représentant de la masse”, “de la masse intéressée”, 
“composant la masse”, “de la masse à laquelle il appartient”, “dont la masse est 
convoquée en assemblée” or “par un représentant de la masse”, appear in the provisions 
of the French Code de commerce relating to general meetings of noteholders, they shall 
be deemed to be deleted. 
(ii) Powers of General Meetings 
A General Meeting shall have power by Resolution:  
(A) 
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer or any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the 
Issuer, whether or not those rights arise under the Notes; 
(B) 
to sanction the exchange or substitution for the Notes of, or the conversion of the Notes 
into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any entity; 
(C) 
to assent to any modification of the Notes proposed by the Issuer; 
(D) 
to authorize anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect 
to a Resolution; 
(E) 
to give any authority or approval which is required to be given by Resolution; 
(F) 
to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees to 
represent the Noteholders’interests and to confer on them any powers or discretions 
which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by Resolution provided that (a) 
persons who are connected with the Issuer within the meaning of Articles L.228-49 and 
L.228-62 of the French Code de commerce and (b) persons to whom the practice of 
banker is forbidden or who have been deprived of the right of directing, administering 
or managing an enterprise in whatever capacity within the meaning of Article L.228-
63 of the French Code de commerce may not be so appointed; 
(G) 
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as 
principal debtor in respect of the Notes; 
(H) 
to appoint a nominee to represent the Noteholders’ interests in the context of the 
insolvency or bankruptcy of the Issuer and more particularly file a proof of claim in the 
name of all Noteholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial 
liquidation of the Issuer. Pursuant to Article L.228-85 of the French Code de commerce, 
in the absence of such appointment of a nominee, the judicial representative 
(mandataire judiciaire), at its own initiative or at the request of any Noteholder will

--- Page 248 ---
EMEA 150012139 
248 
 
 
 
ask the court to appoint a representative of the Noteholders who will file the proof of 
Noteholders’ claim; and 
(I) 
to deliberate on any other matter that relates to the common rights, actions and benefits 
which now or in the future may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
it being specified, however, that a General Meeting may not establish any unequal treatment 
between the Noteholders, and that the above provisions (in particular under (B) above) are 
without prejudice to the powers of the Relevant Resolution Authority or the Regulator,  
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph (vi) below shall apply to any 
Resolution (a “Special Quorum Resolution”) for the purpose of sub-paragraph (B) or (G) 
above any of the proposals (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, any 
Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest or Interest Amounts on the Notes, (ii) to 
reduce or cancel the principal amount of, or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium 
payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of 
the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest 
or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the Notes (other than as provided 
in the fallback provisions of Condition 3), (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of 
Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount applies to any Notes, to reduce any such 
Minimum and/or Maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the 
Redemption Amount, including the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to 
vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) to take any 
steps that as specified hereon may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary 
Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply or (viii) to modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass 
the Extraordinary Resolution or any amendment to this proviso. 
For the avoidance of doubt a General Meeting has no power to decide on: 
(w)  
the modification of the corporate objects or form of the Issuer; 
(x)  
the potential merger (fusion) or demerger (scission) including partial transfers of assets 
(apports partiels d’actif) of or by the Issuer;  
(y)  
the transfer of the registered office of a European Company (Societas Europaea – SE) 
to a different Member State of the European Union; or 
(z)  
the decrease of the share capital of the Issuer for reasons other than to compensate 
losses suffered by the Issuer. 
However, each Noteholder is a creditor of the Issuer and as such enjoys, pursuant to Article 
L.213-6-3 IV of the French Code monétaire et financier, all the rights and prerogatives of 
individual creditors in the circumstances described under (x) to (z) above, including the right 
to object (former opposition) to the transactions described under (x) to (z). 
(iii) Convening of a General Meeting 
The Issuer may at any time convene a General Meeting. If it receives a written request by 
Noteholders holding at least 10 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes of any Series for the 
time being outstanding, the Issuer shall convene a meeting of the Noteholders of that Series. 
If such General Meeting has not been convened within seven (7) calendar days after such 
demand, the Noteholders may commission one of their members to petition a competent court 
in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting.

--- Page 249 ---
EMEA 150012139 
249 
 
 
 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as 
provided under Condition 14 not less than twenty-one (21) calendar days prior to the date of 
such General Meeting.  
(iv) Arrangements for voting 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or, in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes only, by correspondence or by videoconference or by any 
other means of telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders as 
provided mutatis mutandis by Article R.225-97 of the French Code de commerce (upon referral 
of Article R.228-68 of the French Code de commerce). 
Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one 
Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified 
Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each holder 
of a Dematerialised Note to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries 
in the books of the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00, Paris 
time, on the second business day in Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant 
General Meeting. 
(v) Chairman (Président) 
The Noteholders present at a General Meeting shall appoint one of them to act as chairman 
(the “Chairman”) by a simple majority of votes cast by Noteholders attending (including by 
videoconference) such General Meeting or represented thereat (notwithstanding the absence 
of a quorum at the time of such vote). If the Noteholders fail to designate a Chairman, the 
Noteholder present at such meeting holding or representing the highest principal amount of 
Notes shall be appointed Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The 
Chairman appointed by the Issuer does not need to be a Noteholder. The Chairman of an 
adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the Chairman of the original meeting from 
which the adjournment took place.  
(vi) Quorum, Adjournment and Majority  
Quorum: General Meetings may deliberate on the passing of a Special Quorum Resolution 
only if two or more Noteholders present or represented hold at least on first convocation 75 
per cent. and, on second convocation 25 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes then 
outstanding. 
General Meetings may deliberate on the passing of a Resolution only if two or more 
Noteholders present or represented hold at least on first convocation 50 per cent. of the 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, two or more 
Noteholders present or represented shall be a quorum regardless of the proportion of the Notes 
then outstanding which they represent. 
Adjournment: No business (except choosing a Chairman) shall be transacted at a General 
Meeting unless a quorum (subject as provided above) is present at the commencement of 
business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed for the 
General Meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Noteholders, be dissolved. In any 
other case it shall be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 42 days later, 
and time and place as the Chairman may decide. If a quorum (subject as provided above) is 
not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a General Meeting so adjourned, the 
General Meeting shall be dissolved.

--- Page 250 ---
EMEA 150012139 
250 
 
 
 
The Chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a General Meeting adjourn 
the General Meeting from time to time and from place to place. Only business which could 
have been transacted at the original General Meeting may be transacted at a General Meeting 
adjourned in accordance with this paragraph or the paragraph above. 
At least 10 days’ notice of a General Meeting adjourned through want of a quorum shall be 
given in the same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum 
required at the adjourned meeting. No notice need, however, otherwise be given of an 
adjourned General Meeting. 
Majority: Decisions at meetings shall be taken by a majority of 75 per cent. of votes cast by 
Noteholders attending or represented at such General Meetings for the approval of a 
Resolution other than a Special Quorum Resolution and by 75 per cent. of the votes cast by 
the Noteholders attending or reprensented at such General Meetings for the approval of a 
Special Quorum Resolution. 
(vii) Written Resolutions and Electronic consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Notes only, the Issuer shall be entitled, in lieu of convening of a General 
Meeting, to seek approval of a Resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written 
Resolution. Subject to the following sentence a Written Resolution may be contained in one 
document or in several documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of 
the Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-11 of the French Code de commerce, approval 
of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of electronic communication (“Electronic 
Consent”); 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) 
will be published as provided under Condition 14 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior 
to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Resolution (the “Written Resolution Date”). 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution will contain the conditions of form and 
time-limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their approval or 
rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Noteholders expressing their approval or 
rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their Notes until 
after the Written Resolution Date. 
(viii) Effect of Resolutions 
A Resolution passed at a General Meeting, and a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, 
shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not present at the General Meeting and whether 
or not, in the case of a Written Resolution or an Electronic Consent, they have participated in 
such Written Resolution or Electronic Consent and each of them shall be bound to give effect 
to the Resolution accordingly.  
(b) 
Full Masse  
If the applicable Final Terms specify “Full Masse”, the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches 
in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests (intérêts communs) 
in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”). 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative of the 
Masse (the “Representative”) and in part through a General Meeting. The provisions of the

--- Page 251 ---
EMEA 150012139 
251 
 
 
 
French Code de commerce relating to the Masse shall apply subject to the below provisions of 
this Condition 9(b). 
(ii) Representative 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses of 
the Representative and its alternate will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. The 
Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
representative of the single Masse of all Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or 
duties as set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of death, dissolution, liquidation, 
retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, such Representative will be 
replaced by another Representative. In the event of the death, dissolution, liquidation, 
retirement or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an alternate will be 
elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the name and address of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and the 
specified offices of any of the Paying Agents. 
(iii) General Meetings 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the right of each 
Noteholder to participate in General Meetings will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the 
second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set of for the meeting of the relevant 
General Meeting. 
In accordance with Articles L. 228-59 and R. 228-67 of the French Code de commerce, notice 
of date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as provided under 
Condition 14 not less than 15 calendar days prior to the date of such General Meeting on first 
convocation, and 5 calendar days on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, by 
correspondence and, in accordance with Article L. 228-61 of the French Code de commerce, 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes only, by videoconference or by any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of participating Noteholders, as provided 
mutatis mutandis by Article R. 225-97 of the French Code de commerce. 
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved will be published in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in Condition 14. In accordance with Articles R. 228-
61, R. 228-79 and R. 236-14 of the French Code de commerce, (i) the decision of a General 
Meeting to appoint a Representative, (ii) the decision of the Issuer to override the refusal of 
the General Meeting to approve the proposals to change the corporate objects or form of the 
Issuer or to issue new notes (obligations) benefiting from a pledge or other security made 
respectively pursuant to Article L. 228-65, I, 1° and 4° or (iii) the decision of the Issuer to 
offer to redeem Notes on demand in the case of a merger or demerger of the Issuer pursuant 
to Articles L. 236-14 and L. 236-23 will be published in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Condition 14. 
(iv) Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent  
Condition 9(a)(vii) is deemed reproduced here.

--- Page 252 ---
EMEA 150012139 
252 
 
 
 
(c) 
Contractual Masse 
If the applicable Final Terms specify “Contractual Masse”, the Noteholders will, in respect of all 
Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests (intérêts 
communs) in a masse (in each case, the “Masse”) which will be subject to the below provisions of 
this Condition 9(c). 
The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce with the exception, 
pursuant to Article L.228-90 of the French Code de commerce, of Article L.228-48, the second 
sentence of the first paragraph of Article L.228-71, Articles R.228-63 and R.228-69 of the French 
Code de commerce and subject to the following provisions: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
“Representative”) and in part through a General Meeting of the Noteholders. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively with respect to the Notes. 
(ii) 
Representative 
Condition 9(b)(ii) is deemed reproduced here. 
(iii) 
General Meeting 
Condition 9(b)(iii) is deemed reproduced here. 
(iv) 
Right to participate to General Meetings of holders of Materialised Notes 
In the case of any Materialised Notes, while the Temporary Global Certificate and, following its 
exchange, the relevant Definitive Materialised Notes are deposited with any custodian or 
intermediary, the right of each Noteholder to participate in a General Meeting shall be evidenced 
by a certificate from any accountholder confirming such Noteholder's holdings of Notes according 
to his book entry securities account with such accountholder, in line with the relevant instructions 
in the invitation for the General Meeting. 
In the event such Definitive Materialised Notes are no longer deposited with any custodian or 
intermediary, then, the provisions of the first paragraph of Condition 9(a)(iv) and the following 
provisions shall apply for the purposes of determining the right of each Noteholder to participate 
to any General Meeting:  
(a) 
If a holder of a Definitive Materialised Note wishes to obtain a voting certificate in 
respect of it for a meeting, such holder must deposit it for that purpose at least two 
business days before the time fixed for the meeting with any Paying Agent or to the 
order of any such Paying Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by such 
Paying Agent for the purpose. Each Paying Agent shall then issue a voting certificate 
in respect of it. 
(b) 
A voting certificate shall: 
(i) 
be a document in the English language; 
(ii) 
be dated; 
(iii) 
specify the meeting concerned and the serial numbers of the Definitive 
Materialised Notes deposited; and 
(iv) 
entitle, and state that it entitles, its bearer to attend and vote at that meeting in 
respect of those Notes.

--- Page 253 ---
EMEA 150012139 
253 
 
 
 
(c) 
Once the relevant Paying Agent has issued a voting certificate for a meeting in respect 
of a Definitive Materialised Note, it shall not release such Note until either: 
(i) 
the meeting has been concluded; or 
(ii) 
the voting certificate has been surrendered to such Paying Agent. 
(d) 
If a holder of a Definitive Materialised Note wishes the votes attributable to it to be 
included in a block voting instruction for a meeting, then, at least two business days 
before the time fixed for the meeting, (i) he must deposit the Note for that purpose with 
the relevant Paying Agent or to the order of such Paying Agent with a bank or other 
depositary nominated by such Paying Agent for that purpose and (ii) he or a duly 
authorised person on his behalf must direct the Paying Agent as to how those votes are 
to be cast. The relevant Paying Agent shall issue a block voting instruction in respect 
of the votes attributable to all Notes so deposited. 
(e) 
A block voting instruction shall: 
(i) 
be a document in the English language;  
(ii) 
be dated; 
(iii) 
specify the meeting concerned; 
(iv) 
list the total number and serial numbers of the Definitive Materialised Notes 
deposited, distinguishing with regard to each resolution between those voting 
for and those voting against it; 
(v) 
certify that such list is in accordance with Notes deposited and directions 
received as provided in paragraphs (d), (g) and (j); and 
(vi) 
appoint a named person (a “proxy”) to vote at that meeting in respect of those 
Notes and in accordance with that list. 
A proxy need not be a Noteholder. 
(f) 
Once the Paying Agent has issued a block voting instruction for a meeting in respect 
of the votes attributable to any Definitive Materialised Notes: 
(i) 
it shall not release the Notes, except as provided in paragraph (g), until the 
meeting has been concluded; and  
(ii) 
the directions to which it gives effect may not be revoked or altered during the 
two business days before the time fixed for the meeting. 
(g) 
If the receipt for a Definitive Materialised Note deposited with any Paying Agent in 
accordance with paragraph (d) is surrendered to such Paying Agent at least two 
business days before the time fixed for the meeting, the Paying Agent shall release the 
Note and exclude the votes attributable to it from the block voting instruction.

--- Page 254 ---
EMEA 150012139 
254 
 
 
 
(h) 
Each block voting instruction shall be deposited at least two business days before the 
time fixed for the meeting at the specified office of any such Paying Agent or such 
other place as the Issuer shall designate or approve, and in default it shall not be valid 
unless the chairman of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting proceeds to 
business. If the Issuer requires, at its expense and if reasonably practicable, a notarially 
certified copy of each block voting instruction shall be produced by the proxy at the 
meeting but the Issuer need not investigate or be concerned with the validity of the 
proxy’s appointment. 
(i) 
A vote cast in accordance with a block voting instruction shall be valid even if it or any 
of the Noteholders’ instructions pursuant to which it was executed has previously been 
revoked or amended, unless written intimation of such revocation or amendment is 
received from the relevant Paying Agent at its specified office (or such other place as 
may have been specified by the Issuer for the purpose) or by the chairman of the 
meeting in each case at least one business day before the time fixed for the meeting. 
(j) 
No Note may be deposited with or to the order of any Paying Agent at the same time 
for the purposes of both paragraph (a) and paragraph (d) for the same meeting. 
For the purposes of this section, the term “business day” shall mean a day, other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday, on which the principal specified office of the relevant Paying Agent is open for 
business. 
(v) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic consent 
Condition 9(a)(vii) is deemed reproduced here.  
(d) 
Information to Noteholders 
Whether the relevant Final Terms specify “No Masse”, “Full Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, (a) 
each Noteholder will have the right, during (i) the 15-day period preceding the holding of each 
General Meeting on first convocation or (ii) the 5-day period preceding the holding of such General 
Meeting on second convocation or, in the case of a Written Resolution (including by way of 
Electronic Consent), the Written Resolution Date, as the case may be, to consult or make a copy of 
the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports which will be prepared in 
connection with such resolution, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant 
Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents 
and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written Resolution; and 
(b) decisions of General Meetings and Written Resolutions once approved and notices in respect of 
the Masse will be published in accordance with the provisions of Condition 14. 
(e) 
Expenses 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “No Masse” or “Contractual Masse”, the Issuer will pay all 
expenses relating to the operation of the Masse and expenses relating to the calling and holding of 
General Meetings and seeking the approval of a Written Resolution, and, more generally, all 
administrative expenses resolved upon by the General Meeting or in writing through Written 
Resolution by the Noteholders, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against 
interest payable under the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specify “Full Masse”, Article L.228-71 of the French Code de commerce 
shall apply. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
In respect of paragraphs (b) and (c) above, the Noteholders of the same Series, and the holders of

--- Page 255 ---
EMEA 150012139 
255 
 
 
 
Notes of any other Series which have been consolidated (assimilées for the purposes of French law) 
with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 13, shall, for the defence 
of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. The Representative appointed in 
respect of the first Series of Notes issued will be the Representative of the single Masse of all such 
Series. 
(g) 
Miscellaneous 
In accordance with Article L.213-6-3 V of the French Code monétaire et financier, the Issuer has the 
right to amend the Terms and Conditions of the Notes with an initial denomination of, or which can 
only be traded in amounts of, at least €100,000, without having to obtain the prior approval of the 
Noteholders, in order to correct a mistake which is of a formal, minor or technical nature. In addition, 
no consent of the Noteholders shall be required in order to comply with or make any modifications 
or amendments to the Notes or the Agency Agreement pursuant to the fallback provisions of 
Condition 3 or as the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent may deem necessary or desirable to reflect or 
incorporate requirements, regulations, pronouncements, orders or laws imposed, required by or issued 
pursuant to the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes the proceeds of which constitute Tier 2 Capital and in the case of 
Senior Notes, it is specified that any modification of the Conditions (other than as provided for in 
Conditions 3) pursuant to this Condition 9 may only be made subject to the prior permission of the 
Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, as the case may be, to the extent, with 
respect to Senior Preferred Notes, such permission is required by the Relevant Rules in relation to 
such modification. 
10 Acknowledgement of Bail-In and Write-Down or Conversion Powers 
By the acquisition of Notes, each holder of such Notes and, if any applicable, any related Receipts and 
Coupons (which, for the purposes of this Condition 10, includes any current or future holder of a beneficial 
interest in such Notes, and, if applicable, such Receipts and/or Coupons) acknowledges, accepts, consents 
and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power (as defined 
below) by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) or the Relevant Regulator, 
which may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(a) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below), on a 
permanent basis; 
(b) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to holders of such Notes 
and, if applicable, such Receipts and/or Coupons of such shares, securities or 
obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the 
terms of such Notes, and, if applicable, such Receipts and/or the Coupons, as the case 
may be, in which case such holders of such Notes and, if applicable, such Receipts and 
Coupons agree to accept in lieu of their rights under such Notes and, if applicable, such 
Receipts and/or the Coupons, as the case may be, any such shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
(c) the cancellation of such Notes and, if applicable, such Receipts and/or Coupons;  
(d) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of such Notes and, if applicable, such 
Receipts, or amendment of the amount of interest payable on such Notes or Coupons 
or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment 
for a temporary period;

--- Page 256 ---
EMEA 150012139 
256 
 
 
 
(ii) 
that the terms of such Notes and, if applicable, such Receipts and/or Coupons are subject to, 
and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss 
Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority or the Relevant Regulator. 
For these purposes, the “Amounts Due” are the prevailing outstanding amount of any such Notes, and any 
accrued and unpaid interest on such Notes that has not been previously cancelled or otherwise is no longer 
due. 
For these purposes, the “Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power” is any power existing from time to time under 
any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of the BRRD, 
including without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 
(Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en 
matière financière) (as amended from time to time, the “20 August 2015 Decree Law”), Regulation (EU) 
No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and 
a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of 
a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 
(as amended from time to time, the “Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation”), or otherwise arising under 
French law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the 
obligations of a Regulated Entity (as defined below) (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced 
(in part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or securities 
of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into shares, other securities, 
or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether in connection with the 
implementation of a bail-in power following placement in resolution or otherwise. 
A reference to a “Regulated Entity” is to any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613-34 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier as modified by the 20 August 2015 Decree Law, which includes certain credit 
institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies established in France.  
A reference to the “Relevant Resolution Authority” is to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution 
(the “ACPR”), the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation, and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss 
Absorption Power from time to time (including the Council of the European Union and the European 
Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of 
the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority or the Relevant Regulator with 
respect to the Issuer unless, at the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, 
such repayment or payment would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in 
effect in France and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of its group. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority or the 
Relevant Regulator with respect to the Notes and, if applicable, any related Receipts and/or Coupons, the 
Issuer will provide a written notice to the holders of such Notes and, if applicable, Receipts and/or Coupons 
in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable regarding such exercise of the Bail-in or Loss 
Absorption Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Fiscal Agent for informational 
purposes, although the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to send such notice to the holders of such Notes 
and, if applicable, Receipts and/or Coupons. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect 
the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power nor the effects on such Notes and, if 
applicable, any related Receipts and/or Coupons described above. 
Neither a cancellation of such Notes and, if applicable, any related Receipts and/or Coupons, a reduction, in 
part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer or 
another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority or the Relevant Regulator with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss 
Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority or the Relevant Regulator with respect to such Notes 
and, if applicable, any related Receipts and/or Coupons will be an event of default or otherwise constitute

--- Page 257 ---
EMEA 150012139 
257 
 
 
 
non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle any such holders to any remedies (including equitable 
remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority or the 
Relevant Regulator, the Issuer and each holder of such Notes and, if applicable, Receipts and/or Coupons 
(including each holder of a beneficial interest in such Notes and, if applicable, any related Receipts and/or 
Coupons) hereby agree that (a) the Fiscal Agent shall not be required to take any directions from such holders, 
and (b) the French Law Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon the Fiscal Agent whatsoever, in each 
case with respect to the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority or the Relevant Regulator. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority or the Relevant Regulator, any Notes and, if applicable, any 
related Receipts or Coupons remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption 
Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of such Notes and, if applicable, any related 
Receipts and/or Coupons), then the Fiscal Agent’s duties under the French Law Agency Agreement shall 
remain applicable with respect to such Notes and, if applicable, any related Receipts and the Coupons 
following such completion to the extent that the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent shall agree pursuant to an 
amendment to the French Law Agency Agreement. 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority or the Relevant Regulator exercises the Bail-in or Loss Absorption 
Power with respect to less than the total Amounts Due, unless the Fiscal Agent is otherwise instructed by the 
Issuer or the Relevant Resolution Authority or the Relevant Regulator, any cancellation, write-off or 
conversion made in respect of such Notes and, if applicable, any related Receipts and/or Coupons pursuant 
to the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
No expenses necessary for the procedures under this Condition 10, including, but not limited to, those 
incurred by the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, shall be borne by any holder of such Notes or, if applicable, any 
related Receipts and/or Coupons. 
11 Waiver of Set-Off 
Unless “Waiver of Set-off” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms, no holder of any Note, 
or, if applicable, any related Receipt or Coupon may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights 
against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder, directly or 
indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities 
arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or any non-contractual 
obligations, in each case whether or not relating to such Notes, or, if applicable, any related Receipts or 
Coupons) and each such holder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities.  
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 11 is intended to provide or shall be construed as 
acknowledging any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that any 
such right is or would be available to any holder of any Note or, if applicable, any related Receipt and/or 
Coupon but for this Condition 11. 
For the purposes of this Condition 11, “Waived Set-Off Rights” means any and all rights of or claims of any 
holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any such Note, or, if applicable, any 
related Receipt and/or Coupon. 
12 Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If any Materialised Notes and/or any Receipt, Coupon or Talon appertaining thereto is lost, stolen, mutilated, 
defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange

--- Page 258 ---
EMEA 150012139 
258 
 
 
 
regulations, at the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg or such other Paying Agent as may 
from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Materialised Note and/or any Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon appertaining thereto is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for 
further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of 
such Materialised Notes and/or, as the case may be, any Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons appertaining 
thereto and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes and/or any Receipt, 
Coupon or Talon appertaining thereto must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13 Further Issues and Consolidation 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the holders of any Notes or, if applicable any related 
Receipts and/or Coupons but, to the extent required by the Relevant Rules, subject to the prior notification of 
the Relevant Regulator and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority, create and issue further notes having the 
same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in the conditions of 
such Notes to “Issue Date” shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be 
construed accordingly. 
The Issuer may from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the date specified for a 
Redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1, on giving not less than 30 days’ prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, without the consent of the holders of any Notes or, if applicable 
any related Receipts and/or Coupons, consolidate the Notes with one or more issues of other notes issued by 
it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in euro, provided such other 
notes have been redenominated in euro (if not originally denominated in euro) and which otherwise have, in 
respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
14 Notices 
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid if, at the option of the Issuer, they are published in (i) a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe, (ii) as long as the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and the rules of Euronext Paris so require, in a daily newspaper with general circulation in 
France (which is expected to be Les Echos), (iii) as long as the Notes are listed on the official list and admitted 
to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange so require, in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort) and/or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) or (iv) they 
are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the AMF. If any such 
publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English 
language newspaper with general circulation in Europe and, so long as the Notes are listed on any other stock 
exchange and the relevant rules applying to such listed Notes so require, in a leading daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where such stock exchange(s) is/are situated. 
So long as any Notes are held on behalf of a clearing system, notices required to be given to the holders of 
Notes pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system 
through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as 
required above; except that (i) so long as any Notes are listed on Euronext Paris and the rules of Euronext 
Paris so require, such notices will be valid if published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the 
Règlement Général of the AMF and (ii) so long as any Notes are listed on the official list and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock

--- Page 259 ---
EMEA 150012139 
259 
 
 
 
Exchange so require, such notices will be valid if published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in 
Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) and/or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Notices delivered pursuant to Condition 9 shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared and, if such publication is not practicable in respect of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au 
nominatif), by mail to the Noteholders at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to 
have been given notice on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the 
mailing. For the avoidance of doubt, the paragraphs above shall not apply to such notices. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the 
holders of Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
15 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) Governing Law 
The Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons may, be brought 
before the competent courts in Paris, subject to mandatory provisions of French law.

--- Page 260 ---
EMEA 150012139 
260 
 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES WHILE IN 
GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in NGN form, they may be intended to be 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and the Global Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a Common Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes with the Common Safekeeper 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a Common Depositary (as defined below). 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a 
principal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid and, in the 
case of Notes held through Euroclear France, the “intermédiaires financiers habilités” (French credit institutions 
or investment firms authorised to maintain securities accounts on behalf of their clients (each an “Approved 
Intermediary”)) who are entitled to such Notes according to the records of Euroclear France will credit each 
subscriber with a principal amount of Notes equal to the principal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and 
paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the principal amount of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to 
time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive 
evidence of the principal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing 
system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of subscribers 
with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) Euroclear France or other clearing systems through direct or indirect 
accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream held by Euroclear France or such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Notes that are initially deposited with Euroclear France or any other clearing system may similarly be credited to 
the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Euroclear France or other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, or any other clearing system or, in the case 
of Notes held through Euroclear France, an Approved Intermediary as the holder of a Note represented by a Global 
Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream or such clearing system or such Approved Intermediary (as the 
case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation 
to all other rights arising under the Global Notes, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Euroclear France or such clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons 
shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes so long as the Notes are 
represented by such Global Note and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer 
of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchange 
1 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date: 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicate that such Global Note is issued in compliance with the C Rules or 
in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Notes 
defined and described below; and

--- Page 261 ---
EMEA 150012139 
261 
 
 
 
(ii) otherwise, in whole or in part upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out 
in the English Law Agency Agreement for interests in a Permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the 
relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. 
2 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date 
in whole but not, except as provided under “Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes”, in part for 
Definitive Notes if (i) the Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Euroclear 
France or any other clearing system (an “Alternative Clearing System”) and any such clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so and no alternative 
clearing system reasonably satisfactory to the Issuer is available within 14 days or (ii) principal in respect of 
any Notes is not paid when due, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for such 
exchange. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued in 
Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations. 
3 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a Permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that clearing 
system permit, such Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions for 
Definitive Notes if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
4 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of a Global Note may surrender 
such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to, or to the order of, the 
Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the 
case of a Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note, deliver, or procure the delivery 
of, a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate principal amount equal to that of the whole or that part of a 
Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure 
the endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate principal amount 
of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or if the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure 
that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system. In this Base 
Prospectus, “Definitive Notes” means, in relation to any Global Note, the definitive Notes for which such 
Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect 
of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive 
Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or 
substantially in the forms set out in Schedule 2 to the English Law Agency Agreement. On exchange in full 
of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and 
returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
5 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry of 40 days 
after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a day falling not less than 60 days, or in the

--- Page 262 ---
EMEA 150012139 
262 
 
 
 
case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days, after that on which the notice 
requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. In the event that 
a further Tranche of Notes is issued in respect of any Series of Notes pursuant to Condition 13 of the English 
Law Conditions which is to be consolidated with one or more previously issued Tranches of such Series prior 
to the Exchange Date relating to the Temporary Global Note representing the most recently previously issued 
Tranche of such Series, such Exchange Date may be extended until the Exchange Date with respect to such 
further Tranche, provided that in no event shall such first-mentioned Exchange Date be extended beyond the 
date which is five calendar days prior to the first Interest Payment Date (if any) falling after such first-
mentioned Exchange Date. 
6 
Modifications of the Conditions of the Notes while in Global Form 
The Global Notes contain provisions that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the 
effect of the terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary 
of certain of those provisions: 
7 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless exchange for an 
interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused. Payments on 
any Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange Date will only be 
made against presentation of certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the 
English Law Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note in CGN 
form will be made against (i) presentation for endorsement and (ii) if no further payment falls to be made in 
respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying 
Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record 
of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Note, such endorsement being prima facie evidence 
that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and 
in the case of payments of principal, the principal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant 
clearing system and represented by the Global Note will be reduced accordingly. Payments under the NGN 
will be made to its holder. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. 
Any failure to make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be 
disregarded in the definition of “business day” set out in Condition 5(h) (Non-Business Days) of the English 
Law Conditions. 
8 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a Permanent Global Note will become 
void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in 
the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 6 of the English Law Notes). 
9 
Meetings 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note shall (unless such Permanent Global Note represents only one Note) 
be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting of Noteholders 
and, at any such meeting, the holder of a Permanent Global Note shall be treated as having one vote in respect 
of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes.

--- Page 263 ---
EMEA 150012139 
263 
 
 
 
10 Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a Permanent Global Note that is required by the English Law 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the principal 
amount of the relevant Permanent Global Note. 
11 Purchase 
Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer if they are purchased 
together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest and Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon. 
12 Issuer’s Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the English Law Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a Permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders 
within the time limits set out in, and containing the information required by, the English Law Conditions and 
in accordance with any applicable notice period required by Euroclear or Clearstream, except that the notice 
shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option 
and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised 
in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system 
or Approved Intermediary in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in nominal amount, at their discretion), Euroclear France or any other clearing system (as the case may be). 
13 Noteholders’ Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the English Law Conditions of any Notes while such Notes 
are represented by a Permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the Permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying Agent 
set out in the English Law Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent 
and in accordance with any applicable notice period required by Euroclear or Clearstream, except that the 
notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of which the option has been 
exercised and stating the principal amount of Notes in respect of which the option is exercised and at the same 
time where the Permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the Permanent Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, 
or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and the principal amount of the Notes recorded in those records will be reduced accordingly. 
14 NGN Principal Amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, exercise 
of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the circumstances set out above 
shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon any such entry being made, in respect 
of payments of principal, the principal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted 
accordingly. 
15 Events of Default 
Each Global Note provides that, unless the relevant Final Terms specify that no Event of Default (as defined 
in the English Law Conditions) shall apply in respect of a Tranche of Senior Preferred Notes, the holder may 
cause such Global Note representing any Senior Preferred Notes, or a portion of it, to become due and 
repayable in the circumstances described in Condition 8(a) of the English Law Conditions by stating in the

--- Page 264 ---
EMEA 150012139 
264 
 
 
 
notice to the Fiscal Agent the principal amount of such Global Note that is becoming due and repayable. If 
principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global Note may elect for direct 
enforcement rights against the Issuer under the terms of an amended and restated Deed of Covenant executed 
as a deed by the Issuer on 18 July 2024 to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of such Global 
Note in favour of the persons entitled to such part of such Global Note as accountholders with a clearing 
system or in the case of Euroclear France, Approved Intermediaries. Following any such acquisition of direct 
rights, the Global Note will become void as to the specified portion. 
16 Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing 
system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that 
clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required 
by the English Law Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note except 
that (i) so long as any Notes are listed on Euronext Paris and the rules of Euronext Paris so require, such 
notices will be valid if published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of 
the AMF and (ii) so long as any Notes are listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, 
such notices will be valid if published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Luxembourg (which 
is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) and/or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe and, so long as the 
Notes are listed on any other stock exchange and the relevant rules applying to such listed Notes so require, 
notices shall be published in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where such 
stock exchange(s) is/are situated. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided 
above. 
17 Redenomination and Consolidation 
A Global Note may be amended or replaced by the Issuer (in such manner as it considers necessary, after 
consultation with the Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent, as the case may be) for the 
purposes of taking account of the redenomination and/or consolidation of the Notes in accordance with 
Conditions 1 and 13 of the English Law Conditions. Any consolidation may require a change in the relevant 
nominee or depositary for the relevant clearing system(s), as the case may be. 
18 Electronic Consent and Written Resolution 
While any Global Note is held on behalf of any nominee for a clearing system, then: 
(a) approval of a resolution proposed by the Issuer given by way of electronic consents communicated 
through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with 
their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic Consent” as defined in the English Law Agency 
Agreement); and 
(b) where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the English Law Agency Agreement) has been validly passed, the Issuer shall 
be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer by accountholders in 
the clearing system with entitlements to such Global Note or, where the accountholders hold any such 
entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person for 
whom such entitlement is ultimately beneficially held, whether such beneficiary holds directly with the

--- Page 265 ---
EMEA 150012139 
265 
 
 
 
accountholder or via one or more intermediaries and provided that, in each case, the Issuer obtained 
commercially reasonable evidence to ascertain the validity of such holding and have taken reasonable 
steps to ensure that such holding does not alter following the giving of such consent or instruction and 
prior to the effecting of such amendment. Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all 
Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. As 
used in this paragraph, “commercially reasonable evidence” includes any certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear, Clearstream or any other relevant clearing system, or issued by an accountholder 
of them or an intermediary in a holding chain, in relation to the holding of interests in the Notes. Any 
such certificate or other document shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for 
all purposes. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out 
of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or 
Clearstream’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in which the 
accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with 
the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of having accepted 
as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued 
by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
 
A Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. A 
Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Talon, 
Coupons and Receipts, (if any), whether or not they participated in such Written Resolution and/or 
Electonic Consent.

--- Page 266 ---
EMEA 150012139 
266 
 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN 
RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream and/or any other clearing system (the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit 
the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it 
has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited 
with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream 
or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, 
on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with 
the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable, in whole, but not in part, for the 
Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury regulation section 
1.163-5I(2)(i)(D)(3) (or any successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) containing rules 
identical to those applying under U.S. Internal Revenue Code section 163(f)(2)(B)) as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership (in a form which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying 
Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
While any Materialised Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable in respect of 
such Materialised Note prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only to the extent that the 
certification described in (ii) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the relevant Paying 
Agent. The holder of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to collect any payment due thereon on or 
after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as described above, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised Notes is improperly refused or withheld. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the relevant 
Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, “Definitive Materialised Notes” means, in 
relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global 
Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have 
not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate, Receipts and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes 
will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal stock exchange requirements and will be 
substantially in the forms set out in Schedule 3 to the French Law Agency Agreement. 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of forty

--- Page 267 ---
EMEA 150012139 
267 
 
 
 
(40) days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day 
pursuant to Condition 13 of the French Law Conditions, the Exchange Date shall be postponed to the day falling 
after the expiry of forty (40) days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 268 ---
EMEA 150012139 
268 
 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes under the Programme will be used for the general corporate purposes 
of the Issuer or as stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there is 
a particular identified use of proceeds (other than as specified below). 
If specified in the relevant Final Terms, Notes may be issued as green, social or sustainability bonds (the “Green, 
Social or Sustainability Bonds”) for which the Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds to 
finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing projects from any Eligible Loans granted to the 
Group Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale’s corporate and individual customers and generating environmental and/or 
social benefits, as defined in the relevant Final Terms and as further described in the Issuer’s Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bond Framework (as amended and supplemented from time to time) (the “Green, Social or 
Sustainability 
Bond 
Framework”) 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/en/programs/green-social-and-sustainability-bonds.html) (for the avoidance 
of doubt, the Green, Social or Sustainability Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion refered to below 
have not been and will not be incorporated by reference in and, therefore, do not and will not form part of this 
Base Prospectus). 
Under the Green, Social or Sustainability Bond Framework, the Issuer, may issue three types of bonds: 
• 
green bonds where an amount equal to the net proceeds is applied to finance or refinance Eligible 
Loans in the Green Eligible Categories; 
• 
social bonds where an amount equal to the net proceeds is applied to finance or refinance Eligible 
Loans in the Social Eligible Categories; 
• 
sustainability bonds where an amount equal to the net proceeds is applied to finance or refinance a 
combination of Eligible Loans in both Green Eligible Categories and Social Eligible Categories. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, Green Eligible Categories and Social Eligible Categories are the following: 
“Green Eligible Categories” 
“Social Eligible Categories” 
• 
Green Buildings 
• 
Renewable Energy 
• 
Low Carbon Transport 
• 
Local Development and employment 
preservation through farmers, professionnals and 
SME financing 
• 
Affordable Housing 
• 
Access to Essential Services  
• 
Access to Healthcare 
• 
Access to education and professional training 
 
In relation to Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds, the Green, Social or Sustainability Bond Framework further 
describes the above-mentioned projects. The Issuer will apply processes for project evaluation and selection, 
management of proceeds and reporting consistent with guidelines set out in the Green Bond Principles 2021 (the 
“GBP”), the Social Bond Principles 2021(the “SBP”) and Sustainability Bond Guidelines 2021(the “SBG”), each 
published by the International Capital Markets Association. 
Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale has appointed Vigeo Eiris to provide a second party opinion (the “Second Party 
Opinion”) on the Green, Social or Sustainability Bond Framework, assessing the environmental and social added 
value of the Green, Social or Sustainability Bond Framework and its alignment with the GBP and the SBP. This

--- Page 269 ---
EMEA 150012139 
269 
 
 
 
Second Party Opinion document will be available on Vigeo-Eiris’ website (www.vigeo-eiris.com) and on the 
Issuer’s website (www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr). 
Annually and until the maturity of the relevant bonds, Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale will make public on the 
Issuer’s website a limited or reasonable assurance report provided by its external auditor, or any other appointed 
independent third party, that an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds (as 
the case may be) is applied to finance or refinance Eligible Loans. 
“Eligible Loans” means loans granted to the Group Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale’s corporate and individual 
customers and generating environmental and/or social benefits as outlined in the eligibility criteria defined in the 
Green, Social or Sustainability Bond Framework. The eligibility criteria of green categories comply with the 
recommendation of the Technical Expert Group final report on the EU Taxonomy published in March 2020, which 
establishes a system to classify environmentally-sustainable activities by setting out metrics and thresholds. 
“Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale” means Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale and its two structures : 
• 
the mutual banking structure (also called the regulatory scope) comprising the regional and local 
banks, the 14 federations as of 1 January 2022, and the Caisse Fédérale de Crédit Mutuel, and 
• 
the non mutual perimeter (consolidated scope) comprising the Issuer and its subsidiaries (CIC, 
Targo, COFIDIS, etc.). 
Failure by the Issuer with regards to the use of proceeds or the expected performance of the Eligible Loans will 
not jeopardize the qualification of the Notes as additional tier 1 capital, Tier 2 Capital or eligible liabilities 
instruments of the Issuer.

--- Page 270 ---
EMEA 150012139 
270 
 
 
 
BANQUE FÉDÉRATIVE DU CRÉDIT MUTUEL 
General 
Please refer to the section Documents Incorporated by Reference on pages 50 to 59 of this Base Prospectus. 
Recent Developments 
At 15 July 2024, the sum of bonds and subordinated debts increased by €7.7 billion cumulatively, as compared to 
the corresponding amount as disclosed in the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for 
the year ended 31 December 2023. 
At 15 July 2024, the sum of bonds and subordinated debts increased by €7.7 billion cumulatively, as compared to 
the corresponding amount as disclosed in the audited consolidated financial statements of Crédit Mutuel Alliance 
Fédérale as of and for the year ended 31 December 2023. 
On 11 April 2024, Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale bought through Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel an 
additional stake of 20% in the Cofidis Group3, of which it has been the shareholder of reference since 2009. By 
becoming the sole shareholder of the Cofidis Group, Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale confirms the importance of 
consumer credit in its bancassurance business model. 
 
 
 
3 Through Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel, Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale becomes a 99.99% shareholder of the capital of Cofidis 
Group with this additional acquisition.

--- Page 271 ---
EMEA 150012139 
271 
 
 
 
GOVERNMENTAL SUPERVISION AND REGULATION OF THE ISSUER 
Words and expressions defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall have the same meaning in this 
section, unless otherwise specified. 
French and European regulatory frameworks 
Banking Regulations 
The Group is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de 
Résolution (the “ACPR”), the AMF and the European Central Bank (the “ECB”). In addition, Regulation 
(EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules 
and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework 
of a single resolution mechanism (the “SRM”) and a single resolution fund (the “SRM Regulation”), as 
amended, following several legislative proposals issued on 23 November 2016 by the European Commission 
proposing to amend a number of key EU banking directives and regulations, including the SRM Regulation, 
by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 dated 20 May 2019 (the “SRM II”), established a centralised power of 
resolution entrusted with a single resolution board (the “SRB”) and national resolution authorities. SRM II 
amended the SRM Regulation as regards to the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms; it was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 
7 June 2019, came into force on 27 June 2019 and is applicable since 28 December 2020. 
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission issued the Crisis Management and Deposit Insurance 
framework amending the SRM. If adopted, this proposal would enable authorities to organize the orderly 
market exit for a failing bank of any size and business model, with a broad range of tools. In particular, it is 
aimed at facilitating the use of industry-funded safety nets to shield depositors in banking crises, such as by 
transferring them from a failing bank to a healthy one. Such use of safety nets (deposit guarantee scheme and 
resolution funds) must only be a complement to the banks’ internal loss absorption capacity, which remains 
the first line of defense. 
The proposed reform would, among others, amend the hierarchy of claims (see “The EU Bank Resolution and 
Recovery” below). This proposal is still subject to further discussions and as a result its precise application 
date is still unknown. 
The SRB, in close cooperation with national authorities (including the ACPR), is in charge of resolution 
planning and preparation of resolution decisions for cross-border credit institutions and banking groups as 
well as credit institutions and banking groups directly supervised by the ECB such as BFCM, or by national 
supervisory authorities in the euro-zone. The ACPR remains responsible for implementing the resolution plan 
according to the SRB’s instructions. Since 1 January 2015, certain of the powers of the ACPR with respect to 
resolution planning have, however, already been transferred to the SRB. SRM has been fully operational since 
1 January 2016. 
The banking laws to which the Group is subject govern the activities in which banks and their affiliates may 
engage and are designated to maintain the safety and soundness of banks and their affiliates and limit their 
exposure to risk. In addition, the Group must comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing 
and selling practices. Past financial crises have resulted, and are likely to continue to result, in more restrictive 
regulation of the financial services industry. Legislators, governments, regulators, advisory groups, trade and 
professional associations and various committees at the national, European and international level have 
adopted or proposed an array of measures in response to these crises. The measures that have been or may be 
adopted include more stringent capital and liquidity requirements, taxes on financial transactions, limits on 
the types of activities that commercial banks can undertake (particularly proprietary trading and investment 
and ownership in private equity funds) or new ring-fencing requirements relating to certain activities, 
restrictions on certain types of financial activities or products such as derivatives, mandatory write-down or

--- Page 272 ---
EMEA 150012139 
272 
 
 
 
conversion into equity of certain debt instruments, enhanced recovery and resolution regimes, revised risk-
weighting methodologies (particularly with respect to insurance businesses) and the creation of new and 
strengthened regulatory bodies, including the transfer of certain supervisory functions to the ECB as referred 
to above. These supervisory tasks include ensuring compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in 
general EU banking rules for credit institutions, carrying out supervisory reviews (including stress tests) and 
on the basis of these imposing, if considered necessary, higher prudential requirements on credit institutions, 
imposing robust corporate governance practices and capital adequacy assessment processes (such as 
minimum capital adequacy requirements, requirements to ensure their compensation policy with respect to 
their employees is compatible with certain risk management principles and requirements to follow certain 
anti-money laundering, “know-your-customer” and audit control procedures) and carrying out supervisory 
tasks in relation to recovery plans (for example, the chairman of the ACPR is able to request that the 
shareholders of a credit institution in financial difficulty fund the institution in an amount that may exceed 
their initial capital contribution). 
Minimum Capital, Liquidity and Leverage Ratios 
Credit institutions such as the Issuer must comply with minimum capital ratio requirements. In addition to 
these requirements, the principal regulations applicable to credit institutions such as the Issuer concern risk 
diversification and liquidity, monetary policy, restrictions on equity investments and reporting requirements. 
As of the date hereof, in the various countries in which the Issuer or its subsidiaries operate, they comply with 
the specific regulatory ratio requirements in accordance with procedures established by the relevant 
supervisory authorities. 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity 
of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRD IV”) 
and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the “CRR” and, together with the 
CRD IV, “CRD Package”) which implements the Basel III reforms set capital and liquidity requirements 
intended to reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for credit institutions. 
The CRR (with the exception of some of its provisions, which entered into effect at later dates) became 
directly applicable in all Member States of the European Union including France on 1 January 2014. The 
CRD IV became effective on 1 January 2016 (except for capital buffer provisions which have been applied 
as from 1 January 2016) and was implemented under French law by the banking reform dated 20 February 
2014 (Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d’adaptation de la législation au droit de l’Union 
européenne en matière financière) and several décrets and arrêtés dated 3 November 2014. 
Following several legislative proposals issued on 23 November 2016 by the European Commission proposing 
to amend a number of key EU banking directives and regulations, including the CRD Package, Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 dated 20 May 2019 (the “CRD V”), amending the CRD IV as regards to exempted entities, 
financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and 
powers and capital conservation measures, and Regulation (EU) 2019/876 dated 20 May 2019 (the “CRR 
II”), amending the CRR as regards to the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, have 
been published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and came into force on 27 June 
2019. CRD V has been implemented into French Law through the ordinance n°2020-1635 which also 
implemented certain provisions of the CRR II which have been applicable, subject to certain exceptions, since 
28 June 2021. 
Under the CRD IV, French credit institutions are required to maintain minimum capital to cover their credit, 
market, counterparty and operational risks. Since 1 January 2014, pursuant to the CRR, credit institutions, 
such as the Issuer are required to maintain a minimum total capital ratio of 8%, a minimum tier 1 capital

--- Page 273 ---
EMEA 150012139 
273 
 
 
 
ratio of 6% and a minimum common equity tier 1 ratio of 4.5%, each to be obtained by dividing the 
institution’s relevant eligible regulatory capital by its total risk exposure commonly referred to as risk-
weighted assets. The Relevant Regulator may also require French credit institutions to maintain capital in 
excess of the requirements described above.  
For this purpose, the “eligible regulatory capital” includes (i) common equity tier 1 capital (essentially share 
capital, share premium and retained earnings), for purposes of the minimum common equity tier 1 ratio, 
(ii) common equity tier 1 capital plus additional tier 1 capital (deeply subordinated instruments meeting 
certain requirements), for purposes of the minimum tier 1 capital ratio, and (iii) tier 1 and tier 2 capital 
(subordinated instruments meeting certain requirements), for purposes of the minimum total capital ratio. 
For purposes of calculating minimum capital ratios, the total risk exposure amount or risk-weighted assets 
includes amounts to take into account credit risk, market risk, operational risk and certain other risks. Risk-
weighted assets of the various categories are calculated under either a standardised approach or using 
internal models approved by the relevant banking authority, or under a combination of the two approaches. 
They also have to comply with certain common equity tier 1 buffer requirements, including a capital 
conservation buffer of 2.5%, that is applicable to all credit institutions to cover countercyclical and systemic 
risks. On 27 December 2022, the High Council for Financial Stability (Haut Conseil de Stabilité Financière, 
or the “HCSF”) set the countercyclical buffer rate at 1.0% (applicable as from 2 January 2024). 
In addition, the Relevant Regulator is expected to carry out an annual supervisory review and evaluation 
process (“SREP”) and stress tests, in connection with which it has powers to require banks to hold capital in 
excess of minimum requirements in order to address specific risks (so-called “Pillar 2” requirements) and 
more generally to impose additional liquidity requirements and possibly other regulatory measures (see 
“Supervisory measures” below).  
Under the CRR II, French credit institutions must satisfy, on a consolidated basis, certain restrictions relating 
to concentration of risks (ratio de contrôle des grands risques). The aggregate of a French credit institution’s 
loans and a portion of certain other exposure (risques) to a single customer (and related entities) may not 
exceed 25% of the credit institution’s tier 1 capital and, with respect of exposures to certain financial 
institutions, the higher of 25% of the credit institutions’ tier 1 capital and €150 million. Certain individual 
exposures may be subject to specific regulatory requirements. 
Each French credit institution is required to calculate, as of the end of each month, the ratio of the weighted 
total of certain of its short-term and liquid assets to the weighted total of its short-term liabilities. This 
liquidity ratio (coefficient de liquidité) is required to exceed 100% at all times. French credit institutions are 
entitled to opt for the “advanced” approach with respect to the calculation of liquidity risk, upon request 
to the Relevant Regulator and under certain conditions. Under the advanced approach, the credit institution 
is able to use its internal methodologies to determine the liquidity risk and ensure that it has sufficient 
liquidity at all times to honor its short-term commitments. The CRR II introduced liquidity requirements 
pursuant to which institutions are required to hold liquid assets, the total value of which would cover the net 
liquidity outflows that might be experienced under gravely stressed conditions over a period of 30 calendar 
days. This liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”) is now fully applicable following a phase-in period. In addition, 
in accordance with the recommendations of the Basel Committee, the CRR II introduced a binding net stable 
funding ratio (“NSFR”) set at a minimum level of 100%, which indicates that an institution holds sufficient 
stable funding to meet its funding needs during a one-year period under both normal and stressed conditions. 
This requirement has been applicable since 28 June 2021 and aims at addressing the excessive reliance on 
short-term wholesale funding and reducing long-term funding risk.  
Under the CRR, each credit institution is required to maintain a leverage ratio since 1 January 2018, at the 
level that is implemented by the Council of the European Union and European Parliament following an 
initial observation period that began on 1 January 2015. The leverage ratio is defined as an institution’s tier 
1 capital divided by its total exposure measure. Under the CRR II the leverage ratio is set out at 3%.

--- Page 274 ---
EMEA 150012139 
274 
 
 
 
On 27 October 2021, the European Commission published three legislative proposals amending the CRD IV, 
the CRR and the BRRD II (as defined below) on the access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions, to finalize the transposition of the Basel III framework. 
These proposals, inter alia, aim at (i) introducing adjustments to measurement methods for credit, operational 
and market risks incurred by credit institutions to ensure that the internal models they use to calculate their 
capital requirements do not underestimate those risks; (ii) requiring credit institutions to systematically 
identify, disclose and manage risks in connection with environmental and sustainability growth (“ESG 
Risks”) as part of their risk management, and introducing regular climate stress testing of credit institutions 
by national supervisors to enhance the focus on ESG Risks in the prudential framework; (iii) further 
harmonizing supervisory powers and tools of local supervisory authorities and reinforcing the sanctions 
which may be imposed under the supervisory framework, and (iv) introducing new measures to clarify the 
calculation of internal MREL and TLAC requirements within EU Banking groups. 
On 8 November 2022, the Council of the European Union set its position on the legislative proposals of the 
European Commission. On 24 January 2023, the European Parliament published its proposed amendments to 
such legislative proposals and a provisional agreement was reached on 27 June 2023. The proposals were 
adopted by the European Parliament on 24 April 2024 and adopted in the same way by the Council of the 
European Union on 30 May 2024. This was the last step of the adoption procedure. The proposals will then 
be published in the EU’s Official Journal and enter into force twenty days later. The proposal amending the 
CRD IV will be applicable 18 months and 21 days after the publication date. The proposal amending the CRR 
will apply from 1 January 2025. 
In addition, Directive (EU) 2024/1174 of 11 April 2024 as regards certain aspects of the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and amending the BRRD (as defined below) and the SMR 
Regulation (the “Daisy Chain Directive”) entered into force on 12 May 2024. Among others, the Daisy Chain 
Directive gives the resolution authorities the power of setting internal MREL on a consolidated basis subject 
to certain conditions, and introduces a specific MREL treatment for ‘liquidation entities’. 
Compliance with all the measures described above and any further requirements could lead to reduced 
consolidated revenues and profits of the Issuer and/or the Group in the relevant activities, the reduction or 
sale of certain operations and asset portfolios, and asset-impairment charges. 
Loss absorption at the point of non-viability and resolution 
The EU Bank Resolution and Recovery 
On 15 May 2014, the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted a directive 
providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms: Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the 
“BRRD”).  
The French law dated 26 July 2013 on separation and regulation of banking activities (loi de séparation et de 
régulation des activités bancaires) (the “SRAB Law”), actually anticipated the implementation of the BRRD 
when it was still in an initial draft form. Subsequently, the French Ordonnance No. 2015-1024 dated 20 
August 2015 (Ordonnance n°2015-1024 du 20 août 2015 portant diverses dispositions d’adaptation de la 
législation au droit de l’Union européenne en matière financière) (the “Ordonnance”) introduced various 
provisions amending, among others, crisis prevention and management measures applicable to credit 
institutions provided for in Articles L.613-48 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier and 
supplemented the SRAB Law to adapt French law to the BRRD in its final form. In addition, three orders 
dated 11 September 2015 (décret et arrêtés) implementing provisions of the Ordonnance regarding (i) 
recovery planning, (ii) resolution planning and (iii) criteria to assess the resolvability of a credit institution or 
group, were published on 20 September 2015 to further implement the BRRD in France.

--- Page 275 ---
EMEA 150012139 
275 
 
 
 
The aim of the BRRD as well as SRM Regulation (see “Impact of the French and European regulatory 
frameworks could adversely affect the Group’s business”-“Banking Regulations” above) is to provide relevant 
authorities with common tools and powers to address banking crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard 
financial stability and minimize taxpayers’ exposure to losses and before any of the insolvency or liquidation 
procedures. The powers provided to authorities (the ACPR or the SRB, as the case may be, in France 
depending on the Relevant Resolution Authority) are divided into three broad categories: (i) preparatory steps 
and plans to minimize the risks of potential problems (preparation and prevention); (ii) in the event of 
incipient problems, powers to arrest a firm's deteriorating situation at an early stage so as to avoid insolvency 
(early intervention); and (iii) if insolvency of a firm presents a concern as regards the general public interest, 
a clear means to reorganize or wind down the firm in an orderly fashion while preserving its critical functions 
and limiting to the maximum extent any exposure of taxpayers to losses. 
Finally, Law n°2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 has modified the ranking among creditors of credit 
institutions in case of judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire), introducing a priority among senior 
(chirographaires) securities between senior preferred securities (such as, the case of the Issuer, its Senior 
Preferred Notes) and senior non-preferred securities (such as, in the case of the Issuer, its Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), without modifying the specific ranking between senior securities (such as, in the case of the 
Issuer, its Senior Notes) and subordinated securities (such as, in the case of the Issuer, its Subordinated Notes).  
Following the several legislative proposals issued on 23 November 2016 by the European Commission 
proposing to amend a number of key EU banking directives and regulations, including the BRRD, Directive 
(EU) 2019/879 dated 20 May 2019 (the “BRRD II”), amending the BRRD as regards to the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms, has been published in the Official 
Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and came into force on 27 June 2019.  
BRRD II has been implemented in France through the Ordinance No.2020-1636 dated 21 December 2020 
relating to the resolution regime in the banking sector implementing (the “Ordinance”). In particular, the 
Ordinance has implemented Article 48(7) of BRRD II which requires Member States to modify their national 
insolvency law to ensure that claims resulting from funds rank in insolvency below any other claims that do 
not result from own funds as defined by the CRR (hereafter the “Own Funds”). The transposition of this 
provision by the Ordinance has modified the rules governing the order of creditors’ claims applicable to 
French credit institutions in insolvency proceedings. Subordinated obligations and deeply subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer issued before the entry into force of those provisions will keep their contractual 
ranking if they are, or have been, fully or partially recognized as Own Funds. 
Article L.613-30-3, I, 5° of the French Monetary and Financial Code, states that, as from 28 December 2020, 
it should not be possible for liabilities of a credit institution that are not Own Funds to rank pari passu with 
Own Funds.  
Therefore, a new rank within subordinated obligations has been created for subordinated obligations or deeply 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer, issued as from 28 December 2020 if and when they completely cease 
to constitute Tier 2 Capital or additional tier 1 capital instruments of the Issuer, ranking in priority to tier 2 
capital instruments and additional tier 1 capital instruments of the Issuer in order to comply with article L.613-
30-3, I, 5° of the French Monetary and Financial Code.  
Therefore, (i) as long as Subordinated Notes are recognized as tier 2 capital instruments, they will rank as 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes, and, if they are no longer recognized as Tier 2 Capital, they will automatically 
rank as Disqualified Subordinated Notes and (ii) as long as deeply subordinated obligations are recognized 
as additional tier 1 capital instruments, they will rank as additional tier 1 capital instruments of the Issuer, 
and, if they are no longer recognized as additional tier 1 capital intruments, they will automatically rank as 
Disqualified Additional Tier 1 Notes and will rank pari passu with the Disqualified Subordinated Notes, as 
provided in the status provisions provided for in Condition 2 (Status of the Notes), without any action from 
the Issuer and without obtaining the consent of the holders of Subordinated Notes or any other Notes.

--- Page 276 ---
EMEA 150012139 
276 
 
 
 
All subordinated notes or deeply subordinated notes issued by the Issuer prior to the date of entry into force 
of the Ordinance that are, or have been, fully or partially recognized as Own Funds of the Issuer, rank and as 
long as they are outstanding will rank as Tier 2 Capital instruments or additional tier 1 capital instruments of 
the Issuer as the case may be, in accordance with their contractual terms. 
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission issued the Crisis Management and Deposit Insurance 
framework. If adopted, this proposal would enable authorities to organize the orderly market exit for a failing 
bank of any size and business model, with a broad range of tools. In particular, it is aimed at facilitating the 
use of industry-funded safety nets to shield depositors in banking crises, such as by transferring them from a 
failing bank to a healthy one. Such use of safety nets (deposit guarantee scheme and resolution funds) must 
only be a complement to the banks’ internal loss absorption capacity, which remains the first line of defense. 
The proposed reform would, among others, amend the hierarchy of claims. Existing rules set out a three-tier 
depositor ranking, according to which claims are assessed in a resolution case: covered deposits and claims 
under the deposit guarantee schemes rank above non-covered deposits of households and small and medium 
enterprises, which rank above other non-covered deposits. In a majority of Member States, including France, 
non-covered deposits have the same ranking as other ordinary unsecured claims such as holders of senior 
preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes). 
The European Commission proposal would entail two changes: the removal of the ‘super-preference' of 
claims under deposit guarantee schemes and the creation of a single-tier ranking for all deposits (covered 
deposits, claims under the deposit guarantee schemes, non-covered deposits of households and small and 
medium enterprises and other non-covered deposits). As a consequence, all deposits referred to above would 
rank above ordinary unsecured claims (such as Senior Preferred Notes). 
As a consequence, if the European Commission proposal were adopted as is, senior preferred debt instruments 
(such as Senior Preferred Notes) would no longer rank pari passu with any deposits of the Issuer; instead, 
senior preferred debt instruments (such as Senior Preferred Notes) would rank junior in right of payment to 
the claims of all depositors. 
This proposal is still subject to further discussions and as a result its precise application date is still unknown. 
Resolution Measures 
Under the BRRD and the Ordinance and under the SRM Regulation, the Relevant Resolution Authority may, 
when an institution is being considered to have reached the point of non-viability (see “Write-Down and 
Conversion of Capital Instruments” below), commence resolution proceedings in respect of such institution 
when the Relevant Resolution Authority determines that:  
(a) the institution is failing or likely to fail (on the basis of objective elements), which includes situations 
where, pursuant to Article 32(4) of the BBRD:  
(i) 
the institution infringes/will in the near future infringe the requirements for continuing 
authorization in a way that would justify withdrawal of such authorization including, but not 
limited to, because the institution has incurred/is likely to incur losses depleting all or a 
significant amount of its own funds;  
(ii) 
the assets of the institution are/will be in a near future less than its liabilities;  
(iii) the institution is/will be in a near future unable to pay its debts or other liabilities when they fall 
due; or 
(iv) 
the institution requires extraordinary public financial support (subject to limited exceptions 
which apply when, in order to remedy a serious disturbance in the economy of a Member State 
and preserve financial stability, extraordinary public financial support is provided to solvent 
institutions, subject to final approval under the European Commission’s State Aid framework);

--- Page 277 ---
EMEA 150012139 
277 
 
 
 
(b) there is no reasonable prospect that a private action would prevent the failure; and 
(c) except with respect to capital instruments, a resolution action is necessary in the public interest.  
In addition to the Bail-In Tool (see “The Bail-in Tool” below), the BRRD and the SRM provides resolution 
authorities with broader powers to implement other resolution measures with respect to institutions or, under 
certain circumstances, their groups, which may include (without limitation): the sale of the institution’s 
business, the separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of 
debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the 
amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), the write-down or 
conversion into equity of capital instruments (See “Write-Down and Conversion of Capital Instruments” 
below) and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments.  
Such powers may also result, after any transfer of all or part of the Issuer’s business or separation of any of 
its assets, in the holders of Notes (even in the absence of any such write down or conversion) being left as the 
creditors of the Issuer whose remaining business or assets is insufficient to support the claims of all or any of 
the creditors of the Issuer (including such holders of Notes). 
The SRM Regulation provides for the establishment of a single resolution fund that may be used by the SRB 
to support a resolution plan (the “Single Resolution Fund”). The Single Resolution Fund has replaced 
national resolution funds implemented pursuant to the BRRD with respect to significant banks such as the 
Issuer. This Single Resolution Fund is financed by contributions raised from banks (such contributions are 
based on the amount of each bank’s liabilities, excluding own funds and covered deposits, and adjusted for 
risks). 
The BRRD also provides the right for a Member State of the European Union as a last resort, after having 
assessed and implemented the above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining 
financial stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial 
stabilisation tools. These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such 
extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework.  
Under the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, no support will be available until a minimum amount of 
contribution to loss absorption and recapitalization of 8% of total liabilities including own funds has been 
made by shareholders, holders of capital instruments and other eligible liabilities through write-down, 
conversion or otherwise. 
BRRD II provides that, for a limited period of time, resolution authorities will have the power to suspend 
payment and delivery obligations pursuant to any contract to which an institution is a party in certain 
circumstances, including where the institution is failing or likely to fail. 
There still remains uncertainty as to how these powers will be implemented in the future and how they may 
affect the Issuer and/or the Group and the Notes. Accordingly, it is not yet possible to assess the full impact 
of the BRRD or the SRM Regulation on the Issuer and/or the Group and the Noteholders, and there can be 
no assurance that any actual or perceived actions by the French resolution authority or any other Relevant 
Resolution Authority would not adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of an 
investment in the Notes and/or the Issuer’s ability to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
In addition, the powers currently set out in the BRRD and its implementation in the French Code monétaire 
et financier are expected to impact how credit institutions, including the Issuer, and large investment firms 
(those which are required to hold initial capital of €730,000 under the CRD Package) are managed as well as, 
in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors.

--- Page 278 ---
EMEA 150012139 
278 
 
 
 
Write-Down and Conversion of Capital Instruments 
Capital instruments may be written down or converted into shares or other instruments of ownership either 
in connection with a resolution proceeding or, in certain other cases described below, without or prior to a 
resolution proceeding. Capital instruments for these purposes include common equity tier 1, additional tier 1 
and tier 2 instruments, such as the Subordinated Notes.  
The Relevant Resolution Authority must write down capital instruments, or convert them to shares or other 
instruments of ownership in any of the following circumstances (the so called “point of non-viability”):  
(i) 
where the determination has been made that conditions for resolution have been met, before 
any resolution action is taken; 
(ii) 
the appropriate authority determines that unless that power is exercised in relation to the 
relevant capital instruments, the institution or the group will no longer be viable; 
(iii) 
extraordinary public financial support is required by the institution.  
The principal amount of capital instruments may also be written down or converted to shares or other 
instruments of ownership in connection with a resolution proceeding if the conditions described in (a) to (c) 
of the paragraph “Resolution” above are met.  
If one or more of the conditions set out in above in (i) to (iii) are met, common equity tier 1 instruments are 
first written down, transferred to creditors or, if the institution enters resolution and its net assets are positive, 
significantly diluted by the conversion of other capital instruments and eligible liabilities. Once this has 
occurred, other capital instruments (first additional tier 1 instruments, then tier 2 instruments such as the 
Subordinated Notes) are either written down or converted to common equity tier 1 instruments or other 
instruments (which are also subject to possible write-down). 
It is the Issuer’s intention that Subordinated Notes shall, for supervisory purposes, be treated as a tier 2 
instruments and included in the MREL ratio on consolidated basis at the level of group Crédit Mutuel. 
The exercise of write-down/conversion powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority independently of a 
resolution proceeding or in combination with a resolution measure with respect to capital instruments 
(including subordinated debt instruments such as the Subordinated Notes) could result in the full (i.e., to zero) 
or partial write-down or conversion of the Subordinated Notes into ordinary shares or other instruments of 
ownership.  
In addition, where the Issuer’s financial condition deteriorates, the existence or the actual exercise of write-
down/conversion powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority (together with the existence or the actual 
exercise the Bail-in Tool (see “The Bail-in Tool” below) and the other resolution measures) could cause the 
market price or value of the Notes to decline more rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such 
powers. 
Moreover, certain powers, including the full or partial write-down of capital instruments, the dilution of 
capital instruments through the issuance of new equity, the full or partial write-down or conversion into equity 
of additional capital instruments qualifying as Tier 1 and Tier 2 (such as Qualifying Subordinated Notes), 
could also be exercised outside of resolution proceedings (and the BRRD framework) by national government 
authorities pursuant to the European Commission’s State Aid framework if the institution requires 
extraordinary public financial support. 
The Bail-in Tool 
Once a resolution procedure is initiated as described in the sub-paragraph entitled “Resolution” above, the 
powers provided to the Relevant Resolution Authority in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation include the 
“Bail-in Tool”, which allow it to write down bail-inable liabilities of a credit institution in resolution, or to

--- Page 279 ---
EMEA 150012139 
279 
 
 
 
convert them to equity. Bail-inable liabilities (which also include senior unsecured debt instruments such as 
Senior Notes and other subordinated debts such as Subordinated Notes issued on or after 28 December 2020 
if and when they completely cease to constitute Tier 2 Capital instruments and deeply subordinated 
obligations issued on or after 28 December 2020 if and when they completely cease to constitute additional 
tier 1 instruments) fully absorb losses as a result of such resolution procedure. Before the Relevant Resolution 
Authority may exercise the Bail-in Tool in respect of bail-inable liabilities, capital instruments must first be 
written down or converted to equity or other instruments in the order of priority described in “Write-Down 
and Conversion of Capital Instruments” above. Once this has occurred, the Bail-in Tool may be used to write 
down or convert bail-inable liabilities as follows: (i) subordinated debt instruments other than capital 
instruments (including Subordinated Notes issued on or after 28 December 2020 if and when they completely 
cease to constitute Tier 2 Capital instruments and deeply subordinated obligations issued on or after 28 
December 2020 if and when they completely cease to constitute additional tier 1 instruments) are to be written 
down or converted into common equity tier 1 instruments in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in 
normal insolvency proceedings, and (ii) other bail-inable liabilities (including Senior Notes) are to be written 
down or converted into common equity tier 1 instruments, in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in 
normal insolvency proceedings (for which purpose, in the case of the Issuer, Senior Non-Preferred Notes rank 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes).  
As a result of the foregoing, even if Subordinated Notes (qualifying as Tier 2 Capital instruments) are not 
fully written down or converted prior to the opening of a resolution procedure, if the Relevant Resolution 
Authority decides to implement the Bail-in Tool as part of the implementation of resolution, the principal 
amount of such Tier 2 Capital instruments (including instruments such as the Subordinated Notes) must first 
be fully written down or converted to equity. In addition, common equity Tier 1 instruments into which Tier 
2 Capital instruments (including instruments such as the Subordinated Notes) were previously converted 
could also be written down a result of the application of the Bail-in Tool. 
The exercise of the Bail-in Tool could also result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial write-down or conversion 
of the Notes into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership.  
In addition, where the Issuer’s financial condition deteriorates, the existence or the actual exercise of the Bail-
in Tool (together with the existence or actual exercise of the other resolution measures and of the write-
down/conversion powers by the Relevant Resolution Authority (see Write-Down and Conversion of Capital 
Instruments” above)) could cause the market price or value of the Notes to decline more rapidly than would 
be the case in the absence of such powers. 
Other powers of the French resolution authority 
The French Code monétaire et financier, as amended by the Ordonnance also provides that in exceptional 
circumstances, where the general Bail-in Tool is applied, the French resolution authority may exclude or 
partially exclude certain liabilities from the application of the write-down or conversion powers, in particular 
where: (a) it is not possible to bail-in that liability within a reasonable time; (b) the exclusion is strictly 
necessary and is proportionate to achieve the continuity of critical functions and core business lines of the 
institution under resolution; (c) the exclusion is strictly necessary and proportionate to avoid giving rise to 
widespread contagion, which would severely disrupt the functioning of financial markets, including of 
financial market infrastructures, in a manner that could cause a serious disturbance to the economy of a 
Member State of the European Union; or (d) the application of the general Bail-in Tool to those liabilities 
would cause a destruction in value such that the losses borne by other creditors would be higher than if those 
liabilities were excluded from bail-in. Consequently, where the French resolution authority decides to exclude 
or partially exclude a bail-inable liability or class of bail-inable liabilities, the level of write down or 
conversion applied to other bail-inable liabilities when not excluded, may be increased to take account of 
such exclusions. Subsequently, if the losses that would have been borne by those liabilities have not been 
passed on fully to other creditors, the French “Resolution and Deposits Guarantee Fund” (Fonds de garantie

--- Page 280 ---
EMEA 150012139 
280 
 
 
 
des dépôts et de résolution) or any other equivalent arrangement from a Member State of the European Union, 
may make a contribution to the institution under resolution, under certain limits, including the requirement 
that such contribution does not exceed 5% of the global liabilities of such institution to (i) cover any losses 
which have not been absorbed by bail-inable liabilities and restore the net asset value of the institution under 
resolution to zero and/or (ii) purchase shares or other instruments of ownership or capital instruments in the 
institution under resolution, in order to recapitalise the institution. The last step - if there are losses left - 
would be, subject to certain conditions, an extraordinary public financial support through additional financial 
stabilisation tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state 
aid framework. 
The French Code monétaire et financier, as amended by the Ordonnance, also provides that the French 
resolution authority may apply a different conversion rate to different classes of capital instruments and 
liabilities underlining that when different conversion rates are applied, the conversion rate applicable to 
liabilities that are considered to be senior under applicable insolvency law shall be higher than the conversion 
rate applicable to subordinated liabilities. EBA Guidelines on the rate of conversion of debt to equity in bail-
in (EBA/GL/2017/03) of 11 July 2017 clarify when and how different conversion rates from debt to equity 
should be set for different types of liability and propose the criteria that resolution authorities need to take 
into account when setting conversion rates, and in particular how they should take account of valuation 
information. 
Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities 
To ensure that the Bail-in Tool will be effective if it is ever needed, as from 1 January 2016, French credit 
institutions (such as the Issuer) have to meet, at all times, a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (“MREL”) pursuant to Article L. 613-44 of the French Code monétaire et financier. The MREL 
aims at ensuring sufficient loss absorbing capacity that should enable an orderly resolution, and thereby 
ensuring continuity of critical functions without recourse to public funds. 
Article 45(2) of the BRRD empowers the Commission to adopt, following submission of draft standards by 
the European Banking Authority (EBA), and in accordance with Articles 10 to 14 of Regulation No (EU) 
1093/2010, delegated acts specifying assessment criteria relating to the methodology for setting the MREL. 
In accordance with Article 10(1) of Regulation No (EU) 1093/2010 establishing the EBA, the Commission 
may endorse the draft standards in part only, or with amendments, where the EU’s interests so require, having 
regard to the specific procedure laid down in that Article. 
On 23 May 2016, the Commission adopted the Delegated Regulation supplementing the BRRD with 
regulatory technical standards specifying the criteria relating to the methodology for setting the MREL. 
Furthermore, once applicable, the CRR II will, among other things, give effect to the term sheet published on 
9 November 2015 by the Financial Stability Board finalized international standards, and modify the 
requirements applicable to the “minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities”. The 
implementation of both the current and the new texts, and their application to credit institutions such as the 
Issuer and/or the Group or the taking of any action thereunder is currently uncertain. 
In addition, if the Relevant Resolution Authority finds that there could exist any obstacles to resolvability by 
the Issuer and/or the Group, a higher MREL requirement could be imposed.

--- Page 281 ---
EMEA 150012139 
281 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are a summary of certain French withholding tax consequences in 
relation to the holding of the Notes. This summary is based on the laws in force in France as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in such laws and/or interpretation thereof (potentially with a 
retroactive effect). This summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. 
Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect 
to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisers are in a position to duly 
consider the specific situation of the potential investor.  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or other 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are 
transferred or other jurisdictions, including the relevant Issuer's jurisdictions of incorporation. In some 
jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for innovative 
financial instruments such as the Notes. 
Payments made outside France 
The following may be relevant to Noteholders who do not concurrently hold shares of the Issuer. 
Payments of interest and other assimilated revenues made by the Issuer with respect to the Notes will not be 
subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts unless such 
payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within 
the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (a “Non-Cooperative State”) other than 
those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of the same Article 238-0 A. If such payments under the Notes are made outside 
France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French 
Code général des impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will be applicable (subject to certain exceptions and to 
the more favourable provisions of an applicable double tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French 
Code général des impôts.  
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and other assimilated 
revenues on the Notes will not be deductible from the Issuer’s taxable income if they are paid or accrued to persons 
established or domiciled in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an account held with a financial institution 
established in such a Non-Cooperative State (the “Deductibility Exclusion”). Under certain conditions, any such 
non-deductible interest and other assimilated revenues may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant 
to Articles 109 and seq. of the French Code général des impôts, in which case such non-deductible interest and 
other assimilated revenues may be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French 
Code général des impôts, at (i) the standard corporate income tax rate set forth in the second paragraph of Article 
219-I of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. 25 per cent.) for payments benefiting legal persons who are not 
French tax residents, (ii) a rate of 12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals who are not French tax 
residents or (iii) a rate of 75 per cent. for payments made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than 
those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts (subject to certain 
exceptions and the more favourable provisions of an applicable double tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the 
French Code général des impôts nor, to the extent the relevant interest and other assimilated revenues relate to 
genuine transactions and are not in an abnormal or exaggerated amount, the Deductibility Exclusion (and therefore 
the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts that may be levied at 
the result of the Deductibility Exclusion) will apply in respect of an issue of Notes if the Issuer can prove that the 
main purpose and effect of such issue of Notes was not that of allowing the payments of interest or other 
assimilated revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the “Exception”). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel

--- Page 282 ---
EMEA 150012139 
282 
 
 
 
des Finances Publiques - Impôts (BOI-INT-DG-20-50-20 dated 6 June 2023, no. 290 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-
30 dated 14 June 2022 no. 150), an issue of Notes will benefit from the Exception without the Issuer having to 
provide any proof of such purpose and effect of such issue of Notes if such Notes are: 
(a) offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State 
other than in a Non-Cooperative State. For this purpose, an “equivalent offer” means any offer requiring the 
registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market authority; and/or 
(b)  admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system provided 
that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of such market is 
carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider or any other similar foreign entity, 
provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not located in a Non-
Cooperative State; and/or  
(c) admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities delivery and 
payment systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier, 
or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or operator is not 
located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
Pursuant to Article 125 A I of the French Code général des impôts, subject to certain exceptions, interest and other 
assimilated revenues paid by a paying agent (établissement payeur) established in France to individuals who are 
fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. withholding tax, that is a 
prepayment of the income tax in respect of the year in which the payment has been made. Social contributions 
(CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of withholding at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. on 
such interest and assimilated revenues paid to individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in 
France, subject to certain exceptions.

--- Page 283 ---
EMEA 150012139 
283 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
18 July 2024 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, 
Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel, Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. Morgan SE and NatWest Markets N.V. (the 
“Permanent Dealers”) and BNP Paribas, as arranger of the Programme (the “Arranger”), the Notes will be 
offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right 
to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to dealers that are not Permanent Dealers (such dealers together with the 
Permanent Dealers, the “Dealers”). The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related 
thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer 
through the Dealers, acting as agent of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by 
it. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe 
Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the 
“Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation 
S”). 
English Law Notes in bearer form and French Law Notes issued in Materialised Notes having a maturity of more 
than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 
40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche and the closing date, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each 
dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meaning given to them by 
Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche, an offer or sale of 
Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the

--- Page 284 ---
EMEA 150012139 
284 
 
 
 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area.For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
(“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b) the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Non-Exempt Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus (or the tranche prospectus, as the case may 
be) as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in any Member State of the European 
Economic Area (each, a “Member State”) except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Member State: 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant to Article 
1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority 
in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Member State, provided that (i) the Issuer has given its written consent and (ii) 
any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the relevant Final Terms contemplating such 
Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on 
the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,

--- Page 285 ---
EMEA 150012139 
285 
 
 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes, 
as the same may be varied in that Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Member State and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Belgium 
The following selling restriction shall apply to offers of Notes in Belgium in addition to the “Public Offer Selling 
Restrictions under the Prospectus Regulation”. 
The Notes are not intended to be sold to Belgian Consumers. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to Belgian Consumers, and has not distributed 
or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to Belgian Consumers.  
For these purposes, a “Belgian Consumer” has the meaning provided by the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (Wetboek van 28 februari 2013 van economisch recht/Code du 28 février 2013 de droit 
économique), being any natural person resident or located in Belgium and any acting for purposes which are 
outside his/her trade, business or profession. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes

--- Page 286 ---
EMEA 150012139 
286 
 
 
 
Non-Exempt Offer Selling Restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the relevant Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus (or the tranche prospectus, as the case may be) as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may 
make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom, inter alia: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression “UK 
Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that: 
(a) in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer4; 
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
France 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France.  
 
4 
Any such Notes issued must have a minimum redemption value of £100,000.

--- Page 287 ---
EMEA 150012139 
287 
 
 
 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and 
regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of 
the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
Act N° 25 of 1948, as amended (the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each of the 
Dealers has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly 
or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to a resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly 
or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any 
person resident in Japan, including and corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.  
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, by means of any document, any Notes other than to 
“professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong 
(the “SFO”) and in compliance with any rules made under the SFO, or the Companies (Winding Up 
and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) (the “C(WUMP)O”), or which do not constitute 
an offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, 
any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes which is directed at, or the contents of 
which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors”, as defined in the 
SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
PRC 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell any 
of the Notes in the PRC (for such purposes, not including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative 
Regions or Taiwan) as part of the initial distribution of the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the 
PRC to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. 
The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be 
lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the PRC, or pursuant to 
an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer which would permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this document in the PRC. Accordingly, the Notes are not being offered or sold within the PRC by 
means of this Base Prospectus or any other document. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC, except under circumstances that will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 288 ---
EMEA 150012139 
288 
 
 
 
Singapore 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has 
not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in 
Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and Accredited 
Investors only” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as 
a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, 
that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as 
defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Switzerland 
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus under 
the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) as long as such offering is made to professional clients within the 
meaning of the FinSA only or as long as the Notes have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or equivalent 
in another currency) or more and the Notes will not be admitted to trading on any trading venue (exchange or 
multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus pursuant to the 
FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes. 
Canada  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of any province or territory 
of Canada and may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident thereof in contravention of the securities laws of any province or territory of Canada. 
The Dealers have acknowledged that Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations and that any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.

--- Page 289 ---
EMEA 150012139 
289 
 
 
 
Australia 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, 
that no prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia, as amended 
(the “Australian Corporations Act”)) in relation to the Programme or any Notes has been, or will be, lodged 
with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (“ASIC”). This Base Prospectus is neither a 
prospectus nor a disclosure document for the purposes of the Australian Corporations Act. Each of the Dealers 
has represented and agreed that unless the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) (or 
another supplement to the Base Prospectus) otherwise provides, it: 
a) has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer of the Notes for issue or sale in Australia 
(including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
b) has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material or advertisement relating to any Notes in Australia, 
unless: 
(i) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent in an 
alternative currency, in either case, disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associate) or the offer 
or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure to investors under Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Australian 
Corporations Act; 
(ii) the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a “retail client” as defined for the purposes of section 
761G of the Australian Corporations Act; 
(iii) such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations or directives in Australia; and 
(iv) such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other regulatory authority in 
Australia. 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply with the Banking exemption No. 1 dated 21 
March 2018 which requires all offers and transfers of Notes to be in parcels of not less than A$500,000 in 
aggregate principal amount. Banking exemption No. 1 does not apply to transfers which occur outside Australia. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the relevant Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Except with respect to issues exempted under the Prospectus 
Regulation, any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus (or in a tranche 
prospectus, as the case may be). 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that 
would permit a non-exempt offer of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus (or the 
tranche prospectus, as the case may be) or any other offering material or any Final Terms (or pricing supplement, 
as the case may be), in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in 
which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus (or 
tranche prospectus, as the case may be), any other offering material or any Final Terms (or pricing supplement, as

--- Page 290 ---
EMEA 150012139 
290 
 
 
 
the case may be) and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor in all cases at its 
own expense.

--- Page 291 ---
EMEA 150012139 
291 
 
 
FORM OF WHOLESALE FINAL TERMS  
(FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF ENGLISH LAW NOTES AND FRENCH LAW NOTES 
WITH A DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON OR OUTSIDE 
AN EU REGULATED MARKET) 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that, in relation to the type of clients criteria 
only: (i) the type of clients to whom the Notes are targeted is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] type 
of clients assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] type of clients 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.1 
2[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
[Notification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 
309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
“SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA) that, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and “Specified Investment 
Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)).]4 
 
 
1 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes. 
2 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance 
legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
3 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes. 
4 Legend to be included only if (i) the Notes are being offered to investors in Singapore to Singapore investors that are not institutional 
investors or accredited investors and (ii) the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products, as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 292 ---
EMEA 150012139 
292 
 
 
 
FINAL TERMS dated [●] 
 
BANQUE FÉDÉRATIVE DU CRÉDIT MUTUEL 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): VBHFXSYT7OG62HNT8T76 
Euro 90,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(the “Programme”) 
Series No: [●] 
Tranche No: [●] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the “Notes”) 
[to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the  
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] ([the “Tranche [●] Notes”), and  
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the “Tranche [●] Notes” and, together with the 
Tranche [●] Notes,] the “Existing Notes”)]5 
under the Programme 
 
Issued by 
Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel 
[[Name of Dealer]/ [Names of Managers]/ [●]] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[IMPORTANT – PRIIPS / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL 
INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold, or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these 
purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, [or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended 
(the “Prospectus Regulation”)]. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.]6 
[IMPORTANT – PRIIPS / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
 
5 To be included in the case of assimilation of French law Notes only. 
6 If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable", the 
legend should be included.

--- Page 293 ---
EMEA 150012139 
293 
 
 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]7 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth under the 
heading [“Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes” / “Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes”] 
in the Base Prospectus dated 18 July 2024 which received approval number no. 24-327 from the Autorité des 
marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 18 July 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which 
received approval number no.[●] from the AMF on [●] ([together,] the “Supplement[s]”)] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation /Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)]. This document constitutes the relevant Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with 
such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [, 
the Supplement[s]], and the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel, 
4, rue Frédéric-Guillaume Raiffeisen 67000 Strasbourg [and www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr] and copies may be 
obtained from Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel, 4, rue Frédéric-Guillaume Raiffeisen 67000 Strasbourg [and 
will be available on [the AMF website www.amf-france.org]/[●] [name of Regulated Market where admission to 
trading is sought]]8. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [English/French] law terms and 
conditions 
of 
the 
Notes 
which 
are 
the 
[2005/2006/March 
2007/July 
2007/2008/2009/2010/2011/2012/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017 English Law/2017 French Law/2018 English 
Law/2018 French Law/2019 English Law/2019 French Law/2020 English Law/2020 French Law/2021 English 
Law/2021 French Law/2022 French Law/2023 French Law] EMTN Conditions (the “Conditions”) which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 18 July 2024 which received approval number no.24-327 
from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 18 July 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of [the Prospectus Regulation /Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”)] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
dated 18 July 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which received approval number 
no.[●] from the AMF on [●] ([together,] the “Supplement[s]”)], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all relevant information, save in respect of the 
[2005/2006/March 2007/July 2007/2008/2009/2010/2011/2012/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017 English Law/2017 
French Law/2018 English Law/2018 French Law/2019 English Law/2019 French Law/2020 English Law/2020 
French Law/2021 English Law/2021 French Law/2022 French Law/2023 French Law] EMTN Conditions. [The 
 
7 If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”, the legend 
should be included. 
8 If the Notes are nor listed or admitted to the trading, no reference to listing venue and Issuer’s website should be included.

--- Page 294 ---
EMEA 150012139 
294 
 
 
[Base Prospectus] [and the Supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing at Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel, 
4, rue Frédéric-Guillaume Raiffeisen 67000 Strasbourg [and www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr] and copies may be 
obtained from Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel, 4, rue Frédéric-Guillaume Raiffeisen 67000 Strasbourg [and 
will be available on [the AMF website (www.amf-france.org)]/[●] [name of Regulated Market where admission 
to trading is sought]]9. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing 
the Final Terms.] 
1 
 Issuer: 
Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel 
2 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/ [The Notes will be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes 
with the [insert description of the Series/Tranche] [issued 
by the Issuer] [on [insert date]] / [on the Issue Date]/[as 
from the date on which the Temporary Global Note is 
exchanged for interest in the [Permanent Global 
Note/Definitive Notes] (as described in paragraph 35 (i) 
below), [which is expected to occur on or about [insert 
date] (the “Exchange Date”)]] 10  / [The Notes will be 
assimilated (assimilées), form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the Existing 
Notes on a date which is expected to occur on or about [●] 
(the “Assimilation Date”).]11 
3 
 Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
 Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche [plus an amount of [Specified Currency] [●] 
corresponding to accrued interest on such Aggregate 
Nominal Amount from, and including, the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the Issue Date 
[insert date] (in the case of fungible issues only, if 
applicable)] 
6 
 (i) 
Specified Denomination: 
[●] 
[In respect of Dematerialised French Law Notes, there 
should be one denomination only] 
 
(ii) 
[Calculation Amount:] 
[Only applicable to English Law Notes and Materialised 
Notes] 
 
9  If the Notes are nor listed or admitted to the trading no reference to listing venue and Issuer’s website should be included. 
10  To be included in the case of assimilation of English law Notes only. 
11  To be included in the case of assimilation of French law Notes only.

--- Page 295 ---
EMEA 150012139 
295 
 
 
[●]12 
7 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]13 
8 
 Maturity Date: 
[Specify date. For Floating Rate Notes specify Specified 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year or a fixed date. If a fixed date, consider 
effects on last interest period. Maturity Date for 
Subordinated Notes constituting Tier 2 Capital should be 
at least five years from the Issue Date. Maturity Date for 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes constituting eligible liabilities 
or Senior Preferred Notes intending to constitute eligible 
liabilities should be at least one year from the Issue Date.] 
9 
 Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Resettable Fixed Rate] 
[specify reference rate] +/- [●] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[TEC 10 Linked]  
[Zero Coupon]  
[Inflation Linked Interest]  
[CMS Linked] 
[Range Accrual Interest] 
[Inflation Linked Range Accrual Interest] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10 
 Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption the Notes will be redeemed at [[●] /[100]] per 
cent. of their nominal amount on the Maturity Date.]  
11 
 Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date(s) when any interest rate change(s) 
occur(s) and/or refer to the relevant paragraphs 14 to 22 
below and identify there and complete accordingly/Not 
Applicable] 
12 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put (only for Senior Preferred Notes)] 
[Issuer Call] [Clean-up Redemption Option] [Make-
Whole Redemption Option (only for Senior Preferred 
Notes)] [Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13 
 (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Preferred Notes pursuant to Article L. 613-30-3-I-
3° of the French Code monétaire et Financier / Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes pursuant to Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° 
of the French Code monétaire et financier / Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to Article L. 613-30-3-I-5° 
of the French Code monétaire et financier and Article L. 
228-97 of the French Code de commerce, ranking as 
 
12 The applicable Calculation Amount (which is used for the calculation of interest and redemption amounts) will be (i) if there is only one 
Specified Denomination, the Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes or (ii) if there are several Specified Denominations or a 
minimum Specified Denomination plus higher integral multiple of another smaller amount (e.g. Specified Denominations of €100,000 and 
multiples of €1,000), the highest common factor of those Specified Denominations (note: there must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations). Note that a Calculation Amount of less than 1,000 units of the relevant currency may result in 
practical difficulties for paying agents and/or ICSDs who should be consulted if such an amount is proposed.  
13 An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.

--- Page 296 ---
EMEA 150012139 
296 
 
 
provided for in Condition 2(b)(i). Should Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes become Disqualified Subordinated 
Notes, they will automatically rank as provided for in 
Condition 2(b)(ii)] 
 
(ii) 
[Date of the Board approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained:] 
[[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
(N.B. 
Only 
relevant 
where 
Board 
(or 
similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [semi-annually] in arrear 
on each Specified Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year from, and including [●] to, and including, 
the Maturity Date [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”14] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per [Calculation Amount/Specified Denomination] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per [Calculation Amount/ Specified Denomination], 
payable on the Specified Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [●]/ Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360] / [Actual/360] / [Actual/Actual-(ICMA/ISDA)] 
/ specify other option from the Conditions] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or 
short 
first 
or 
last 
coupon.  
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(vii)   [Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent)15:] 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
15 
 Resettable Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph] 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable on each Specified 
Interest Payment Date in arrear 
 
− Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[CMT Rate]/[Sterling Reference Bond 
Rate][●] 
 
− First Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
14  RMB Notes only.  
15  RMB Rate Calculation Agent must be specified for RMB Notes.

--- Page 297 ---
EMEA 150012139 
297 
 
 
 
− Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
− First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
− [Second Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable]] 
 
− Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[●] [and [●]]/Not Applicable] 
 
− [Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] / [Not Applicable]] 
 
− Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
− [Mid-Swap term: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
− [Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
− Reset Determination Date: 
[●]/[the day falling two (2) Business Days prior to the 
Reset Date on which such Reset Period commences 
(applicable in the case of CMT Rate)] 
(Specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
− [Relevant Time: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
− [CMT Rate Maturity: 
[●] (only applicable in the case of CMT Rate)] 
 
− [First Reset Period U.S. Treasury 
Yield: 
[●] (only applicable in the case of CMT Rate)] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify the 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”]16] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per [Calculation Amount/Specified Denomination] 
until the First Reset Date  
 
(iv) Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360] / [Actual/360] / [Actual/Actual-(ICMA/ISDA)] 
/ specify other option from Conditions] 
 
(v) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per [Calculation Amount/Specified Denomination], 
payable on the Specified Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [●] / Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring the issue date or maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. NB: Only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))  
16 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] in each year, [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in item (v) below]. 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
16  RMB Notes only.

--- Page 298 ---
EMEA 150012139 
298 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] (not applicable unless different from Specified Interest 
Payment Dates) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] (insert “unadjusted” if the application of 
the relevant business day convention is not intended to 
affect the Interest Accrual Period) 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●](Note that this item relates to interest period end dates 
and not to the date and place of payment, to which item 36 
relates) 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest Amount is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/FBF 
Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[[●] month 
[EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR/TEC 10/SARON/TON
A] 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[●]/[[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency] prior to the first day in each Interest Accrual 
Period]  
[[●]/[[T2] Business Days]/[U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s) (if SOFR)]/[London Banking Day(s) (if 
SONIA)]/[Zurich Business Day(s) (if SARON)]/[Tokyo 
Business Day(s) (if TONA)] prior to each Specified 
Interest Payment Date]]  
 
[– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
[In the case of €STR/SONIA/SOFR, delete this 
paragraph]] 
 
[SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA)  
[SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Shift Compound 
/ SONIA Compound]] 
 
[SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound / 
SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / 
SOFR Index]] 
 
[SARON Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SARON)

--- Page 299 ---
EMEA 150012139 
299 
 
 
[SARON 
Lookback 
Compound 
/ 
SARON 
Shift 
Compound] 
 
[TONA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of TONA)  
[TONA Lookback Compound / TONA Shift Compound] 
 
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date 
in relation to the relevant Interest Period.] 
 
[Observation Shift Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR, SARON, 
TONA) [●]] 
 
[Observation Look-Back Period: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR, SONIA, SOFR, 
SARON, TONA)  
[[●] London Banking Days/U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days] /Zurich Banking Days/Tokyo Banking 
Days] [Not Applicable]] 
 
[SOFR IndexStart: 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Index) [Not 
Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
 
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Index) [Not 
Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day(s)]] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
– Reset Date:  
[●] 
 
- Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph)  
 
- Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days / As specified 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 300 ---
EMEA 150012139 
300 
 
 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days / As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days/ As specified 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
- Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
- Averaging Method:  
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days / / As specified 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days/ As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions]] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable Business 
Days]] 
 
- Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
- Index Method:  
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period Shift 
Business Days/ As specified in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Days: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 301 ---
EMEA 150012139 
301 
 
 
(Only include where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply) 
 
[– Interest Accrual Period End Date / 
Maturity Date adjustment for 
Unscheduled Holiday:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Only include where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)]  
 
[– Non-Representative:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Only include where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)]  
 
[– Successor Benchmark:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(Only include where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply – If 
not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
[– Successor Benchmark Effective 
Date:  
[●]] 
 
(xi) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
– Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) : 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/0 as per Condition 3(l)] 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360/] / [Actual/360] /[Actual/Actual-(ICMA/ISDA)] 
/ specify other option from the Conditions] 
(If 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Day Count Fraction 
should be as specified in the Floating Rate Matrix (as 
applicable)) 
 
(xvi) Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable / the Rate of Interest for the [long/short] 
[first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
17 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early  Redemption: 
[[30/360] /[Actual/360] / [Actual/Actual-(ICMA/ISDA)] 
/specify other option from the Conditions] 
18 
 TEC 10 Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 302 ---
EMEA 150012139 
302 
 
 
 
(i)  
Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[●] (Specify one the formulae from the Conditions to be 
used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s)) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period end dates 
and not to the date and place of payment to which item 36 
relates) 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/FBF 
Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates] 
 
(viii)  Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– Reference Rate(s): 
TEC 10 
 
– Interest Determination Date: 
[[●]/[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency] prior to [the first day in each Interest Accrual 
Period]]  
[[●]/[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency] prior to each Specified Interest Payment Date] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[●] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
– Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) : 
[●]

--- Page 303 ---
EMEA 150012139 
303 
 
 
 
(xii) 
Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv)  Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/0 as per Condition 3(l)] 
 
(xv)  Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvi)  Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360] /[Actual/360] / [Actual/Actual –(ICMA/ISDA)] 
/ specify other option from the Conditions] 
19 
 Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio  
 
(iii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates] (not applicable unless 
different from Specified Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(vi) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in item (viii) below] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Business Day Convention: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable on 
[specify date] (amounting to: [•]) 
 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360] /[Actual/360 ] / [Actual/Actual- (ICMA/ISDA)] 
/specify other option from the Conditions]  
 
(xi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period end dates 
and not to the date and place of payment, to which item 36 
relates) 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/0 as per Condition 3(l)] 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] per cent. per annum 
20 
 Inflation Linked Range Accrual Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s): 
[●] (Specify one the formulae from the Conditions to be 
used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s)) 
 
(ii) 
Applicable Rate: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Index: 
HICP 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●]

--- Page 304 ---
EMEA 150012139 
304 
 
 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates] (not applicable unless 
different from Specified Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(vi) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[As per [Condition 3(e)(iii)(a) of the English law Notes / 
Condition 3(d)(iii)(a) of the French law Notes]][specify 
dates] 
 
(vii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] in each year [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in item (viii) below] 
 
(viii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period end dates 
and not to the date and place of payment to which item 36 
relates) 
 
(x)  
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Manner in which the Applicable 
Rate(s) is/are to be determined (if not 
fixed rate): 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/ FBF 
Determination] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– Reference Rate(s): 
[[●] month [EURIBOR/SONIA/€STR/SOFR/TEC 10/SA
RON/TONA] 
 
– Interest Determination Date: 
 [[●]/[[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency] prior to the first day in each Interest Accrual 
Period]  
[[●]/[[T2] Business Days]/[U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s) (if SOFR)]/[London Banking Day(s) (if 
SONIA)]/[Zurich Business Day(s) (if SARON)]/[Tokyo 
Business Day(s) (if TONA)] prior to each Specified Interest 
Payment Date]]  
[specify for each Relevant Rate and CMS Relevant Rate(s) 
if different] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[●] [specify for each Relevant Rate and CMS Relevant 
Rate(s) if different] 
 
(xiii) ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●]

--- Page 305 ---
EMEA 150012139 
305 
 
 
 
– Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
 
(xiv) FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
– Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) : 
[●] 
 
(xv)  Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(xvi) Range: 
[Range1] [Range2] [Range3] [Range4] [Range5] (delete as 
applicable) 
 
(xvii) Upper Limit: 
[●] 
 
(xviii) Lower Limit: 
[●] 
 
(xix)  Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/0 as per Condition 3(l)] 
 
(xx)  Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xxi)  Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360] / [Actual/360] / [Actual/Actual-(ICMA/ISDA)] 
/ specify other option from the Conditions] 
21 
 CMS Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[Condition [●] shall apply]]/[[●] (specify the Condition 
which sets out the applicable formula, to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s)) 
 
(ii) Applicable Rate(s): 
[●] 
 
− 
Applicable Rate: 
[●] 
 
− 
Applicable Rate1: 
[●] 
 
− 
Applicable Rate2: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] in each year [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in item (v) below] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period end dates 
and not to the date and place of payment to which item 36 
relates) 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined (if not a fixed 
rate): 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/FBF 
Determination]

--- Page 306 ---
EMEA 150012139 
306 
 
 
 
(viii) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates] (not applicable unless 
different from Specified Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(ix) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
– 
CMS Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS] [CMS1] [CMS2] 
 
 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[●]/[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency] prior to [the first day in each Interest Accrual 
Period/each Specified Interest Payment Date]] 
 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[●] 
 
– 
Specified Time: 
[●] 
 
(xi) ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
 
 
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xii) FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
– Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) : 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Margin(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– Margin1: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
– Margin2: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/0 as per Condition 3(l)] 
 
(xvi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvii) Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360] / [Actual/360] / [Actual/Actual-(ICMA/ISDA)] / 
specify other option from the Conditions]

--- Page 307 ---
EMEA 150012139 
307 
 
 
22 
 Range Accrual Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph). 
 
(i)  
Applicable formula to be used for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s): 
[●] (Specify one the formulae from the Conditions to be 
used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s)) 
 
(ii) 
Applicable Rate:  
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Relevant Rate: 
[Applicable Rate/CMS Rate] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] in each year [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in item (vi) below] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period end dates 
and not to the date and place of payment to which item 36 
relates) 
 
(viii) Manner in which the Relevant Rate (if 
not a fixed rate) and/or the CMS 
Reference Rates are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/FBF 
Determination] 
 
(ix) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates] (not applicable unless 
different from Specified Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(x) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
– Relevant Rate: 
[[●] month 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/€STR/SOFR/TEC 
10/CMS (add relevant maturity)/SARON/TONA]] 
 
– CMS Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS1/CMS2/CMS3] 
 
– Interest Determination Date: 
[[●]/[[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency] prior to the first day in each Interest Accrual 
Period]  
[[●]/[[T2] Business Days]/[U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s) (if SOFR)]/[London Banking Day(s) (if 
SONIA)]/[Zurich Business Day(s) (if SARON)]/[Tokyo 
Business Day(s) (if TONA)] prior to each Specified 
Interest Payment Date]] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[●] 
 
– Specified Time: 
[●]

--- Page 308 ---
EMEA 150012139 
308 
 
 
 
(xii) 
ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
 
(xiii) FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
– Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
– Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable) : 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Interest Observation Period: 
[Each Interest Accrual Period] 
 
(xv) 
Single Underlying: 
CMS1 [add relevant maturity] 
 
(xvi) Dual Underlyings: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
− 
CMS2: 
CMS [add relevant maturity] 
 
− 
CMS3: 
CMS [add relevant maturity] 
 
(xvii) Range: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
− 
Range1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Single Underlying/Dual 
Underlyings] 
 
− 
Range2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Single Underlying/Dual 
Underlyings] 
 
− 
Range3: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Single Underlying/Dual 
Underlyings] 
 
− 
Range4: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Single Underlying/Dual 
Underlyings] 
 
− 
Range5: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Single Underlying/Dual 
Underlyings] 
 
(xviii) Range Accrual Day(s):  
[●] 
 
(xix) Lower Limit: 
[●] 
 
(xx) 
Upper Limit: 
[●] 
 
(xxi) Barrier Level Conditions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
− 
Barrier Level1: 
[●]

--- Page 309 ---
EMEA 150012139 
309 
 
 
 
− 
Barrier Level2: 
[●] 
 
(xxii)  Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/0 as per Condition 3(l)] 
 
(xxiii)  Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xxiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360] / [Actual/360] / [Actual/Actual-(ICMA/ISDA)] 
/ specify other option from the Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
23 
 Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] (In case of Subordinated Notes, at least five years from 
Issue Date of first Tranche of Subordinated Notes. In case 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes constituting eligible 
liabilities or Senior Preferred Notes intending to constitute 
eligible liabilities, at least one year from Issue Date of first 
Tranche of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Senior 
Preferred Notes) 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Specified Denomination] / 
[Condition 4(b)(B) applies (applicable only in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes)] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum nominal amount 
to be redeemed: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/Specified Denomination 
 
(b) 
Maximum nominal amount 
to be redeemed: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) 
Issuer’s Notice Period: 
[●]17 days 
24 
 Noteholder Put Option: 
[Applicable (only for Senior Preferred Notes)/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Specified Denomination] / 
[Condition 4(b)(B) applies (applicable only in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes)] 
 
(iii) 
Noteholders’ Notice Period: 
[●]18 days 
25 
 Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/Specified Denomination 
26 
 Early Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
17 Regarding English Law Notes, as long as the Notes are held in global form, the Issuer’s Notice Period must be a minimum of five Clearing 
System Business Days. 
18 Regarding English Law Notes, as long as the Notes are held in global form, the Issuer’s Notice Period must be a minimum of five Clearing 
System Business Days.

--- Page 310 ---
EMEA 150012139 
310 
 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note payable on redemption [for 
taxation reasons]/[in the event of a 
Withholding Tax Event, Tax Gross-up 
Event, Capital Event or Tax 
Deduction Event]/ [or on Event of 
Default]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount / Specified Denomination / 
Fair 
Market 
Value 
Redemption 
Amount] 
/ 
[Condition 4(b)(B) applies (applicable only in respect of 
Inflation Linked Notes)]  
 
(ii) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
permitted on days other than 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) 
Unmatured Coupons to become void 
upon early redemption: 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
27 
 Make-Whole Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only to Senior 
Preferred Notes that are not intended to be compliant with 
MREL or TLAC Requirements)  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 (i) 
Notice Period:19 
[●] 
 (ii) 
Reference Security: 
[●] 
 (iii) 
Reference Screen Rate: 
[●] 
 (iv) 
Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
 (v) 
Reference Dealers: 
[(As per Conditions] / [●]/ specify method of selection]  
 (vi) 
Make-Whole Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
28 
 Clean-up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
[Notice Period: 
[●] (if different from the one provided in the terms and 
conditions)] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified Denomination/Calculation 
Amount] 
 
(iv) 
Optional Clean-up Redemption Date:  
[●] 
(At least one (1) year after the Issue Date with respect to 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
29 
 Waiver of Set-off: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
30 
 [Events of Default in respect of Senior 
Preferred Notes:  
[No Events of Default]]  
(remove brackets if Events of Default are not applicable 
in respect of Senior Preferred Notes/ delete this 
 
19 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 311 ---
EMEA 150012139 
311 
 
 
paragraph if Events of Default are applicable in respect 
of Senior Preferred Notes) 
31 
 [Redemption upon occurrence of a MREL 
or TLAC Disqualification Event in respect 
of Senior Preferred Notes: 
[Applicable]]  
(remove brackets if MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event 
is applicable in respect of Senior Preferred Notes/ delete 
this paragraph if MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event 
is not applicable in respect of Senior Preferred Notes not 
intended to be compliant with MREL or TLAC 
Requirements) 
32 
 [Prior 
permission 
of 
the 
Relevant 
Resolution Authority: 
[Applicable]] 
(remove brackets if Senior Preferred Notes are intended to 
be compliant with MREL or TLAC Requirements/ delete 
this paragraph if Senior Preferred Notes are not intended 
to be compliant with MREL or TLAC Requirements) 
33 
 [Substitution and Variation with respect to 
Senior Preferred Notes without Noteholder 
consent: 
[Applicable. The provisions of Condition 4(n) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes shall apply to the 
Senior Preferred Notes.]] 
(This paragraph only applies in respect of English Law 
Notes. Remove brackets if Substitution and Variation with 
respect to Senior Preferred Notes without Noteholder 
consent is applicable/delete this paragraph if Substitution 
and Variation with respect to Senior Preferred Notes 
without Noteholder consent is not applicable) 
(delete paragraph in case of French Law Notes) 
34 
 [MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event 
with respect to Subordinated Notes: 
[Applicable] (remove brackets if MREL or TLAC 
Disqualification Event is applicable in respect of 
Subordinated Notes/ delete this paragraph if MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event is not applicable in respect 
of Subordinated Notes) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
35 
 Form of Notes: 
[Bearer/Registered] 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[The following elections apply in respect of English Law 
Notes:] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable on or about [●] (the 
“Exchange Date”), subject to postponement as provided 
in the Temporary Global Note for a Permanent Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days’ notice]  
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note] 
[The following elections apply in respect of French Law 
Notes:]

--- Page 312 ---
EMEA 150012139 
312 
 
 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] [Materialised 
Notes are only in bearer form and can only be issued 
outside France] 
[The 
following 
elections 
apply 
in 
respect 
of 
Dematerialised Notes: [Bearer form (au porteur) / 
[Registered form (au nominatif)] 
[The following information is required in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) if the registration agent in respect of a 
Series of Notes is not the Registration Agent: [The 
Registration Agent in respect of the Notes is [Insert name]] 
[The following elections apply in respect of Materialised 
Notes: [Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Definitive Materialised Notes on [●] (the “Exchange 
Date”), subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate]] 
 
(ii) 
[New Global Note:] 
[Yes/No] 
[In respect of English Law Notes only] 
 
(iii) 
Applicable TEFRA exemptions: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] 
36 
 Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the amount 
of interest, to which sub-paragraphs 16(vi), 18(v), 19(xi), 
20(ix), 21(vi) and 22(vii) relate] 
37 
 Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are still to 
be made.] 
38 
 Details relating to Instalment Notes:  
[Not Applicable/Give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[●] 
39 
 Redenomination provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 1 apply] 
40 
 Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in [Condition 13 of the 
English Law Conditions/Condition 13 of the French Law 
Conditions] apply] 
41 
 Purchase in accordance with Article L.213-
0-1 and D.213-0-1 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
42 
 Any applicable currency disruption20: 
[Not Applicable/As per [Condition 5(i) of the English Law 
Conditions]/Condition 5(h) of the French Law Conditions] 
 
20  RMB Notes only.

--- Page 313 ---
EMEA 150012139 
313 
 
 
43 
 [Representation of Noteholders (Condition 
9 of the Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Notes):] 
(delete paragraph in case of English Law Notes) 
[[No Masse]/[Full Masse]/[Contractual Masse]/ shall 
apply (Note that (i), Condition 9(a) (No Masse) is only 
applicable in respect of Notes with a denomination of, or 
which can only be traded in amounts of, at least €100,000 
or its equivalent and (ii) Condition 9(c) (Contractual 
Masse) is only applicable in respect of any Tranche of 
Notes issued (a) outside France or (b) with a Specified 
Denomination of at least €100,000 or its equivalent)] 
(If Condition 9(b) (Full Masse) or (c) (Contractual 
Masse) applies, insert below details of Representative 
and alternate Representative and remuneration, if any) 
 
(i) 
Representative: 
[●] (specify name and address) 
 
(ii) 
Alternative Representative: 
[●] (specify name and address) 
 
(iii) 
Remuneration of Representative: 
[●] (if applicable, specify the amount and payment date) 
44 
 Governing law: 
The Notes [and the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons] 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes [and the Receipts, the Coupons 
and the Talons] will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, [English law / French law] /[in the 
case of English Law Notes: English law, except for 
Condition 2 (Status of the Notes) which shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, French law].  
45 
 [Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification 
information 
of 
the 
Noteholders as provided by Condition 
1(a)(i) of the French Law Notes:] 
[Applicable] (If the possibility to request identification 
information of the Noteholders as provided by Condition 
1(a)(i) of the French Law Notes is contemplated, delete 
this paragraph) 
46 
 Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable ] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no KID 
will be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified and the 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” on the cover page of the relevant Final Terms 
should be included. For the purpose of the above, a 
“packaged” product shall designate a “packaged retail 
investment product” which means in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 an 
investment, where, regardless of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail investor is 
subject to fluctuations because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one or more assets which 
are not directly purchased by the retail investor.) 
47 
 Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable ] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the

--- Page 314 ---
EMEA 150012139 
314 
 
 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified and the legend entitled “Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors” on the cover page of the 
relevant Final Terms should be included. For the purpose 
of the above, a “packaged” product shall designate a 
“packaged retail investment product” which means in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 
November 2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) an 
investment, where, regardless of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail investor is 
subject to fluctuations because of exposure to reference 
values or to the performance of one or more assets which 
are not directly purchased by the retail investor.) 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
............................................ 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 315 ---
EMEA 150012139 
315 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
(i) 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris] / [Application has been made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on 
the official list of, and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/[●]] with effect from [●].] / / [Application 
has been made for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [any non-Regulated Market] with effect from 
[●].] / [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be [admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris] / [listed on the official 
list of, and] [admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[●]] 
with effect from [●]] / [Not Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already admitted 
to trading) 
 
[The [first/[tranches to be specified]] Tranche(s) of 
the Notes]/ [The Existing Notes] are already listed 
from [its/their respective] issue date.] 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to 
be] rated]: [The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally] 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[Fitch Ratings: [●]] 
[Other: [●]] 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established 
in the [European Union]/ and [has/have each] 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
although 
notification 
of 
the

--- Page 316 ---
EMEA 150012139 
316 
 
 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority.]21 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] established 
in the [European Union] and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not 
established in the [European Union] and [has/have] 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009.]  
[However, certain of [it/their respective] affiliates 
are established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk). Such affiliates endorse the 
ratings of [insert credit rating agency/ies] for use for 
regulatory purposes in the European Union.]]  
 
[[The rating [Insert legal name of credit rating 
agency] has given to the Notes is endorsed by a credit 
agency which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018.]  
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018.] 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not 
been certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (UK).]  
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
 
21 It is important to liaise with the Issuer and/or the relevant credit rating agencies to determine (i) the specific legal entity which will issue 
the credit ratings, and (ii) the status of any application which has been made to the relevant competent authority by that entity. It is 
recommended that these enquiries are made at an early stage to allow sufficient time for the information to be obtained

--- Page 317 ---
EMEA 150012139 
317 
 
 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.] 
3 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE] 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement:] 
[“[Except for the commissions related to the issue of the Notes paid to the [Managers]], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the issue.”] 
4 
[REASONS FOR THE ISSUE AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS]  
(i) 
Reasons for the issue: 
[●]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s 
general corporate purposes]/[It is the Issuer’s 
intention that the Notes constitute “Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds” and to apply an amount equal 
to the net proceeds of the “Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds” to finance and/or refinance 
Eligible Loans in the following [Green / Social] 
Eligible Categories: [Renewable Energy, Green 
Buildings and Low Carbon Transport / Local 
Development and employment preservation through 
farmers, 
professionnals 
and 
SME 
financing, 
Affordable Housing, Access to Essential Services, 
Access to Healthcare, Access to education and 
professional training], as further described in the 
Issuer’s Green, Social or Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as amended and supplemented from 
time to time), which is available on the Issuer’s 
website.] 
*(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from (i) 
making profit and/or (ii) hedging certain risks 
and/or (iii) financing and/or refinancing new or 
existing projects from any Eligible Loans, will need 
to include those reasons here.) 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●][(including the amount corresponding to accrued 
interest) (in the case of fungible or assimilated issues 
only, if applicable)] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.)

--- Page 318 ---
EMEA 150012139 
318 
 
 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD] 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
6 
[Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF INTEREST RATES] 
Performance of rates: 
Details of performance of 
EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR/CMS Rate/TEC 
10/SARON/TONA replicate other rates as specified 
in the Conditions] can be obtained, [but not] free of 
charge, from [Reuters/Bloomberg/others, give 
details of electronic means of obtaining the details 
of performance]. 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at 
[●], [●] appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [] is not 
currently required to obtain authorization or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
[As at [], [] appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority’s 
register of administrators under Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA.]] 
7 
[Inflation Linked Notes/ Inflation Linked Range Accrual Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF 
INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING] 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [Consumer Price Index excluding tobacco for all households in 
metropolitan France (“CPI”) as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique 
et des Etudes Economiques. / Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate 
of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco (“HICP”) as calculated and published by 
Eurostat]. 
(ii) 
Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: [●] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information].

--- Page 319 ---
EMEA 150012139 
319 
 
 
8 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●] [until the [Exchange Date]/[Assimilation Date], 
[●] thereafter] 
Common Code: 
[●] [until the [Exchange Date]/[Assimilation Date], 
[●] thereafter] 
CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not 
Available] 
FISN Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / Not 
Available]  
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A., Euroclear 
France and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/Give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/Give name(s), addresses] 
[Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  
Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the International Central Securities 
Depositories (i.e. Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A.) as common safekeeper 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria.] [include this text if “yes” selected in which 
case the English Law Notes must be issued in NGN 
Form unless they are deposited with Euroclear 
France as central depositary] 
[No.  
Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the Central Securities 
Depositories (i.e. Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A.) as common safekeeper. 
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral

--- Page 320 ---
EMEA 150012139 
320 
 
 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]]22 
9 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(a) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(Include names of entities agreeing to underwrite the 
issue on a firm commitment basis and names of the 
entities agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such 
entities are not the same as the Managers) 
(b) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) if any: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the 
Notes]; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA Not Applicable] 
(v) 
[Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[Include text of additional selling restrictions (for 
issues outside an EU regulated market)] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(vi)  
[Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors 
and Accredited Investors only:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]23 
 
 
22 Only applicable to English Law Notes. 
23 Delete this line item where Notes are not offered into Singapore. Include this line item where Notes are offered into Singapore. Indicate 
“Applicable” if Notes are offered to Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore only. Indicate “Not Applicable” if Notes 
are also offered to investors other than Institutional Investors and Accredited Investors in Singapore.

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
 
 
FORM OF RETAIL FINAL TERMS  
(FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF ENGLISH LAW NOTES AND FRENCH LAW NOTES 
WITH A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON OR 
OUTSIDE AN EU REGULATED MARKET AND/OR OFFERED TO THE PUBLIC IN THE EUROPEAN 
ECONOMIC AREA THROUGH A NON-EXEMPT OFFER) 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that, in relation to the type of clients criteria 
only: (i) the type of clients to whom the Notes are targeted is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] type 
of clients assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] type of clients 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.1 
2 [UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3 
OR 
4[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ELIGIBLE COUNTERPARTIES TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
 
1 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes. 
2 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there 
are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the 
MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
3 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes. 
4 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there 
are no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the 
MiFID II product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 322 ---
EMEA 150012139 
322 
 
 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ 
and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].56 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 19 
of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 3 August 2023, has led to the conclusion that, in relation to the type of 
clients criteria only: (i) the type of clients to whom the Notes are targeted is eligible counterparties, professional 
clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); EITHER [and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] type of clients assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] type of clients assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]] 
[Notification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 
309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
“SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the 
SFA) that, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and “Specified Investment 
Products” (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]7 
 
 
5 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of Notes. 
6 Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not approved by the FCA, an approval 
of this document or a drawdown prospectus approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail investors on a non-
exempt basis. 
7 Legend to be included only if (i) the Notes are being offered to investors in Singapore to Singapore investors that are not institutional 
investors or accredited investors and (ii) the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products, as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.

--- Page 323 ---
EMEA 150012139 
323 
 
 
FINAL TERMS dated [●] 
  
BANQUE FÉDÉRATIVE DU CRÉDIT MUTUEL 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): VBHFXSYT7OG62HNT8T76 
Euro 90,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
(The “Programme”) 
Series No: [●] 
Tranche No: [●] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the “Notes”) 
[to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the  
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] ([the “Tranche [●] Notes”), and  
[Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the “Tranche [●] Notes” and, together with the 
Tranche [●] Notes,] the “Existing Notes”)]8 
under the Programme 
Issued by 
Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel 
[[Name of Dealer]/ [Names of Managers]/ [●]] 
 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so[(i) in those Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph [9 of Part B] below, provided such person is a Dealer [or an Authorised 
Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus)] and that such offer is made during the Offer Period 
specified for such purpose therein and that any conditions relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus; or (ii) 
otherwise] in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.  
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any 
other circumstances.] 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
[In case of an offer of Notes initiated under the Base Prospectus dated 18 July 2024 which received approval 
number no. 24-327 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) that shall be continued beyond the 
validity of this Base Prospectus, insert the following text: The validity of the Base Prospectus dated 18 July 2024, 
under which the Notes described in these Final Terms have been offered, ends on 18 July 2025. 
From this point in time, these Final Terms are to be read in conjunction with the most recent base prospectus of 
the Issuer for the issuance of Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions contained in such most 
recent base prospectus) which follows such most recent base prospectus and any reference in these Final Terms 
to “Base Prospectus” shall be read as a reference to that most recent base prospectus. Such most recent base 
prospectus of the Issuer for the issuance of Notes will be available for viewing at [address] during normal business 
 
8 To be included in the case of assimilation of French law Notes only.

--- Page 324 ---
EMEA 150012139 
324 
 
 
hours [and] [website] and copies may be obtained from [address] and will be available on the AMF website 
www.amf-france.org.] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[IMPORTANT – PRIIPS / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL 
INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold, or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For these 
purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, 
the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the European Economic Area has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.]9 
[IMPORTANT – PRIIPS / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]10” 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth under the 
heading [“Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes”/ “Terms and Conditions of the French Law Notes”] in 
the Base Prospectus dated 18 July 2024 which received approval number no. 24-327 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the “AMF”) on 18 July 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which received 
approval number no.[●] from the AMF on [●] ([together,] the “Supplement[s]”)] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of [the Prospectus Regulation/ Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
“Prospectus Regulation”)]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as 
so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed 
to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus [, the Supplement[s]], and the relevant Final Terms are available for 
 
9 If the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared in the EEA or the Issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable", the 
legend should be included. 
10 If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key information document will be prepared in the UK or the Issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”, the 
legend should be included.

--- Page 325 ---
EMEA 150012139 
325 
 
 
viewing at Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel, 4, rue Frédéric-Guillaume Raiffeisen 67000 Strasbourg [and 
www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr] and copies may be obtained from Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel, 4, rue 
Frédéric-Guillaume Raiffeisen 67000 Strasbourg and will be available on [the AMF website www.amf-
france.org]/[●] [name of Regulated Market where admission to trading is sought]]11. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [English/French] law terms and 
conditions 
of 
the 
Notes 
which 
are 
the 
[2005/2006/March 
2007/July 
2007/2008/2009/2010/2011/2012/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017 English Law/2017 French Law/2018 English 
Law/2018 French Law/2019 English Law/2019 French Law/2020 English Law/2020 French Law/2021 English 
Law/2021 French Law/2022 French Law/2023 French Law] EMTN Conditions (the “Conditions”) which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 18 July 2024 which received approval number no.24-327 
from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the “AMF”) on 18 July 2024. This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of [the Prospectus Regulation / Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”)] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
dated 18 July 2024 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●] which received approval number 
no.[●] from the AMF on [●] ([together,] the “Supplement[s]”)], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the 
[2005/2006/March 2007/July 2007/2008/2009/2010/2011/2012/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017 English Law/2017 
French Law/2018 English Law/2018 French Law/2019 English Law/2019 French Law/2020 English Law/2020 
French Law/2021 English Law/2021 French Law/2022 French Law/2023 French Law] EMTN Conditions. A 
summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. [The [Base Prospectus] [, the Supplement[s]], 
and the relevant Final Terms are available for viewing at Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel, 4, rue Frédéric-
Guillaume Raiffeisen 67000 Strasbourg [and www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr] and copies may be obtained from 
[Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel, 4, rue Frédéric-Guillaume Raiffeisen 67000 Strasbourg and will be 
available on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org)/ [●] [name of Regulated Market where admission to trading 
is sought]]12. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1 
 Issuer: 
Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel 
2 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) Date on which the Notes become fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/ [The Notes will be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert description of the 
Series/Tranche] [issued by the Issuer] [on [insert 
date]]/[on the Issue Date]/[as from the date on 
which the Temporary Global Note is exchanged 
for 
interest 
in 
the 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note/Definitive Notes] (as described in paragraph 
33 (i) below), [which is expected to occur on or 
about 
[insert 
date] 
(the 
“Exchange 
 
11 If the Notes are nor listed or admitted to the trading no reference to listing venue and Issuer’s website should be included. 
12 If the Notes are nor listed or admitted to the trading no reference to listing venue and Issuer’s website should be included.

--- Page 326 ---
EMEA 150012139 
326 
 
 
Date”)]] 13 /[The Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilées), form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
Existing Notes on a date which is expected to 
occur on or about [●] (the “Assimilation 
Date”).]14  
3 
 Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
 Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Tranche [plus an amount of [Specified 
Currency] [●] corresponding to accrued interest on 
such Aggregate Nominal Amount from, and 
including, the Interest Commencement Date to, 
but excluding, the Issue Date [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6 
 (i) 
Specified Denomination: 
[●] 
[In respect of Dematerialised French Law Notes, 
there should be one denomination only] 
 
(ii) 
[Calculation Amount:] 
[Only applicable to English Law Notes and 
Materialised Notes] 
[●]15 
7 
 (i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]16 
8 
 Maturity Date: 
[Specify date. For Floating Rate Notes specify 
Specified Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year or a fixed 
date. If a fixed date, consider effects on last 
interest period. Maturity Date for Senior Preferred 
Notes intending to constitute eligible liabilities 
should be at least one year from the Issue Date.]  
9 
 Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Resettable Fixed Rate] 
[specify reference rate] +/- [●] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
 
13   To be included in the case of assimilation of English law Notes only. 
14  To be included in the case of assimilation of French law Notes only. 
15 The applicable Calculation Amount (which is used for the calculation of interest and redemption amounts) will be (i) if there is only one 
Specified Denomination, the Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes or (ii) if there are several Specified Denominations or a 
minimum Specified Denomination plus higher integral multiple of another smaller amount (e.g. Specified Denominations of €50,000 
€100,000 and multiples of €1,000), the highest common factor of those Specified Denominations (note: there must be a common factor in 
the case of two or more Specified Denominations). Note that a Calculation Amount of less than 1,000 units of the relevant currency may 
result in practical difficulties for paying agents and/or ICSDs who should be consulted if such an amount is proposed.  
16 An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.

--- Page 327 ---
EMEA 150012139 
327 
 
 
[TEC 10 Linked] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
[CMS Linked] 
[Range Accrual Interest] 
[Inflation Linked Range Accrual Interest] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10 
 Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption the Notes will be redeemed at 
[[●]/[100]]per cent. of their nominal amount on 
the Maturity Date.]  
11 
 Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date(s) when any interest rate 
change(s) occur(s) and/or refer to the relevant 
paragraphs 14 to 22 below and identify there and 
complete accordingly/ Not Applicable] 
12 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put (only for Senior Preferred 
Notes)] [Issuer Call] [Clean-up Redemption 
Option] [Make-Whole Redemption Option (only 
for Senior Preferred Notes)] [Not Applicable] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13 
 (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior Preferred Notes pursuant to Article L. 
613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier 
 
(ii) 
[Date of the Board approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained:] 
[[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [semi-annually] 
in arrear on each Specified Interest Payment Date 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year from, and including [●] to, and 
including, the Maturity Date [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention and any applicable Business Centre(s) 
for the definition of “Business Day”17] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per [Calculation Amount/Specified 
Denomination] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] 
per 
[Calculation 
Amount/Specified 
Denomination], payable on the Specified Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]/Not Applicable] 
 
17  RMB Notes only.

--- Page 328 ---
EMEA 150012139 
328 
 
 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360] / [Actual/360] / [Actual/Actual-
(ICMA/ISDA)] / specify other option from the 
Conditions] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(vii) 
[Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent)18:] 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
15 
 Resettable Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph] 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable on each 
Specified Interest Payment Date in arrear 
 
− Reset Reference Rate: 
[Mid-Swap Rate]/[CMT Rate]/ [Sterling 
Reference Bond Rate]/[●] 
 
− First Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
− Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
 
− First Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
− [Second Reset Date: 
[[●]/Not Applicable]] 
 
− Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[[●] [and [●]]/Not Applicable] 
 
− [Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
− [Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap 
Rate]/Not Applicable]] 
 
− [Mid-Swap term: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
− [Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
− Reset Determination Date: 
[●]/[the day falling two (2) Business Days prior 
to the Reset Date on which such Reset Period 
commences (applicable in the case of CMT 
Rate)] 
(specify in relation to each Reset Date) 
 
− [Relevant Time: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
− [CMT Rate Maturity: 
[●] (only applicable in the case of CMT Rate)] 
 
− [First Reset Period U.S. Treasury Yield: 
[●] (only applicable in the case of CMT Rate)] 
 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Specify the Business Day Convention and any 
 
18  RMB Rate Calculation Agent must be specified for RMB Notes.

--- Page 329 ---
EMEA 150012139 
329 
 
 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
“Business Day”]19] 
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[●] per [Calculation Amount/Specified 
Denomination] until the First Reset Date  
 
(iv) Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360] / [Actual/360] / [Actual/ Actual-
(ICMA/ISDA)] / specify other option from 
Conditions 
 
(v) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] 
per 
[Calculation 
Amount/Specified 
Denomination], payable on the Specified Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] / Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Determination Date(s): 
[●] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring the issue date or maturity date in 
the case of a long or short first or last coupon. NB: 
Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
16 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] in each year, [subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in item (v) below] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[●] (not applicable unless different from Specified 
Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [Not Applicable] 
(insert “unadjusted” if the application of the 
relevant business day convention is not intended to 
affect the Interest Accrual Period) 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of payment, 
to which item 34 relates) 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
19  RMB Notes only.

--- Page 330 ---
EMEA 150012139 
330 
 
 
 
 
– Reference Rate: 
[[●] month 
[EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR/TEC 10/SARO
N/TONA] 
 
 
– Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[●]/[[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period]  
[[●]/[[T2] Business Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) (if SOFR)]/[London 
Banking Day(s) (if SONIA)]/[Zurich Business 
Day(s) (if SARON)]/[Tokyo Business Day(s) (if 
TONA)] prior to each Specified Interest Payment 
Date]] 
 
 
[– Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
[In the case of €STR/SONIA/SOFR, delete this 
paragraph]] 
 
[SONIA Rate of Interest Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA)  
[SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Shift 
Compound / SONIA Compound]] 
 
[SOFR Rate of Interest Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout 
Compound / SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR 
Shift Compound / SOFR Index]] 
 
[SARON Rate of Interest Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of SARON)  
[SARON Lookback Compound / SARON Shift 
Compound] 
 
[TONA Rate of Interest Determination: 
(only applicable in the case of TONA)  
[TONA Lookback Compound / TONA Shift 
Compound] 
 
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)  
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date in relation to the relevant Interest 
Period.] 
 
[Observation Shift Days: 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA, SOFR, 
SARON, TONA) [●]] 
 
[Observation Look-Back Period: 
(only applicable in the case of €STR, SONIA, 
SOFR, SARON, TONA)  
[[●] London Banking Days/U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days]/Zurich 
Banking 
Days/Tokyo Banking Days] [Not Applicable]]  
 
[SOFR IndexStart: 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Index) [Not 
Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]]

--- Page 331 ---
EMEA 150012139 
331 
 
 
 
[SOFR IndexEnd: 
(Only applicable in the case of SOFR Index) [Not 
Applicable / [●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
– ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
– Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If “2021 ISDA Definitions” is selected, ensure 
this is a Floating Rate Option included in the 
Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions)) 
 
– Designated Maturity: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant 
where the relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-
free rate) 
 
– Reset Date:  
[●] 
 
– Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph)  
 
– Compounding Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days / As 
specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days / As specified in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout 
Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business Days/ As 
specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
– Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
– Averaging Method:  
[Averaging with Lookback 
Lookback: [[●] Applicable Business Days / / As 
specified in the 2021 ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 332 ---
EMEA 150012139 
332 
 
 
[Averaging with Observation Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days/ As specified in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Averaging with Lockout 
Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business Days 
Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[Applicable 
Business Days]] 
 
– Index Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
– Index Method:  
Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift 
Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation Period 
Shift Business Days/ As specified in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business 
Days: [●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
- Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only include where the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
apply) 
 
[– Interest Accrual Period End Date / Maturity Date 
adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)]  
 
[– Non-Representative:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply)]  
 
 [– Successor Benchmark:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Only include 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply – If not 
applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph)] 
 
[– Successor Benchmark Effective Date:  
[●]] 
 
(xi) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
– Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
– Floating Rate Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/0 as per Condition 3(l)] 
 
(xiv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 333 ---
EMEA 150012139 
333 
 
 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360/] / [Actual/360] /[Actual/Actual-
(ICMA/ISDA)] / specify other option from the 
Conditions] 
(If 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, Day Count 
Fraction should be as specified in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as applicable)) 
 
(xvi) Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable / the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
17 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum  
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption: 
[[30/360]/[Actual/360] / [Actual/Actual-
(ICMA/ISDA)] /specify other option from the 
Conditions]  
18 
 TEC 10 Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[●] (Specify one the formulae from the Conditions 
to be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s)) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of payment 
to which item 34 relates) 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates] 
 
(viii)  Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
– Reference Rate(s): 
TEC 10

--- Page 334 ---
EMEA 150012139 
334 
 
 
 
– Interest Determination Date: 
[[●]/[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period] 
[[●]/[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to each Specified Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[●] 
 
(x) 
ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
– ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
 
(xi) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
– Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
– Floating Rate Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Margin: 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum / Not Applicable ] 
 
(xiv)  Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/0 as per Condition 3(l)] 
 
(xv)  Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvi)  Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360] / [Actual/360] / [Actual/Actual-
(ICMA/ISDA)] /specify other option from the 
Conditions] 
19 
 Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio  
 
(iii) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates] (not applicable 
unless different from Specified Interest Payment 
Dates)

--- Page 335 ---
EMEA 150012139 
335 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in item (viii) below] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●] 
 
(viii) Business Day Convention: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index 
applicable on [specify date] (amounting to: [•]) 
 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360] / [Actual/360] / [Actual/ Actual-
(ICMA/ISDA)] / specify other option from the 
Conditions] 
 
(xi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of payment, 
to which item 34 relates) 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/0 as per Condition 3(l)] 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]/[•] per cent. per annum 
20 
 Inflation Linked Range Accrual Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i)  
Applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[●] (Specify one the formulae from the Conditions 
to be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s)) 
 
(ii) 
Applicable Rate: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Index: 
HICP 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates] (not applicable 
unless different from Specified Interest Payment 
Dates) 
 
(vi) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[As per [Condition 3(e)(iii)(a) of the English law 
Notes / Condition 3(d)(iii)(a) of the French law 
Notes]][specify dates] 
 
(vii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●]in each year [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in item (viii) below] 
 
(viii) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of payment 
to which item 34 relates) 
 
(x)  
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
[[●]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 336 ---
EMEA 150012139 
336 
 
 
 
(xi) 
Manner in which the Applicable Rate(s) 
is/are to be determined (if not fixed rate): 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
– Reference Rate(s): 
[[●] month 
[EURIBOR/ 
SONIA/€STR/SOFR/TEC 10/SARON/TONA] 
 
– Interest Determination Date: 
[[●]/[[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period]  
[[●]/[[T2] Business Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) (if SOFR)]/[London 
Banking Day(s) (if SONIA)]/[Zurich Business 
Day(s) (if SARON)]/[Tokyo Business Day(s) (if 
TONA)] prior to each Specified Interest Payment 
Date]] 
[specify for each Relevant Rate and CMS Relevant 
Rate(s) if different] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[●] [specify for each Relevant Rate and CMS 
Relevant Rate(s) if different] 
 
(xiii) ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
– ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
 
(xiv) FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
– Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
– Floating Rate Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[●] 
 
(xv) 
Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(xvi) Range: 
[Range1] [Range2] [Range3] [Range4] [Range5] 
(delete as applicable) 
 
(xvii) Upper Limit: 
[●] 
 
(xviii) Lower Limit: 
[●] 
 
(xix)  Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/0 as per Condition 3(l)] 
 
(xx)  Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 337 ---
EMEA 150012139 
337 
 
 
 
(xxi)  Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360] / [Actual/360] / [Actual/Actual-
(ICMA/ISDA)] / specify other option from the 
Conditions] 
21 
 CMS Linked Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Condition [●] shall apply]]/[[●] (specify the 
Condition which sets out the applicable formula, 
to be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and Interest Amount(s)) 
 
(ii) Applicable Rate(s): 
[●] 
 
− 
Applicable Rate: 
[●] 
 
− 
Applicable Rate1: 
[●] 
 
− 
Applicable Rate2: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] in each year [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in item (v) below] 
 
(v) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Business Centre(s): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of payment 
to which item 34 relates) 
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are 
to be determined (if not a fixed rate): 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
 
(viii) Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates] (not applicable 
unless different from Specified Interest Payment 
Dates) 
 
(ix) Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
– 
CMS Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS] [CMS1] [CMS2] 
 
 
– 
Interest Determination Date: 
[[●]/[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Specified Interest 
Payment Date]] 
 
 
– 
Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[●] 
 
– 
Specified Time: 
[●]

--- Page 338 ---
EMEA 150012139 
338 
 
 
 
(xi) ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
– 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
 
– 
Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
 
 
– 
Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
 
 
– 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(xii) FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
– Floating Rate: 
[●] 
 
– Floating Rate Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[●] 
 
(xiii) Gearing Factor: 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Margin(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
– Margin: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
– Margin1: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
– Margin2: 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/0 as per Condition 3(l)] 
 
(xvi) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xvii) Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360] 
/ 
[Actual/360] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-
(ICMA/ISDA)] / specify other option from the 
Conditions] 
22 
1 Range Accrual Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph). 
 
(i) 
Applicable formula to be used for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[●] (Specify one the formulae from the Conditions 
to be used for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest 
and/or Interest Amount(s)) 
 
(ii) 
Applicable Rate: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Relevant Rate: 
[Applicable Rate/CMS Rate] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] in each year [, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention set 
out in item (vi) below] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/Modified

--- Page 339 ---
EMEA 150012139 
339 
 
 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] (Note that this item relates to interest period 
end dates and not to the date and place of payment 
to which item 34 relates) 
 
(viii) Manner in which the Relevant Rate (if not a 
fixed rate) and/or the CMS Reference Rates 
are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
 
(ix) 
Interest Period Date(s): 
[Not Applicable/specify dates] (not applicable 
unless different from Specified Interest Payment 
Dates) 
 
(x) 
Party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
– Relevant Rate: 
[[●] month 
[EURIBOR/SONIA/ 
€STR/ 
SOFR/TEC 
10/CMS 
(add 
relevant 
maturity)/SARON/TONA]] 
 
– CMS Reference Rate(s): 
[CMS1/CMS2/CMS3] 
 
– Interest Determination Date: 
 [[●]/[[T2] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period]  
[[●]/[[T2] Business Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) (if SOFR)]/[London 
Banking Day(s) (if SONIA)]/[Zurich Business 
Day(s) (if SARON)]/[Tokyo Business Day(s) (if 
TONA)] prior to each Specified Interest Payment 
Date]] 
 
– Relevant Screen Page(s): 
[●] 
 
– Specified Time: 
[●] 
 
(xii) 
ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
– ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
– Floating Rate Option(s): 
[●] 
 
– Designated Maturity(ies): 
[●] 
 
(xiii) FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
– Floating Rate: 
[●]

--- Page 340 ---
EMEA 150012139 
340 
 
 
 
– Floating Rate Determination Date (Date 
de Détermination du Taux Variable): 
[●] 
 
(xiv) Interest Observation Period: 
[Each Interest Accrual Period] 
 
(xv) 
Single Underlying: 
CMS1 [add relevant maturity] 
 
(xvi) Dual Underlyings: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
− 
CMS2: 
CMS [add relevant maturity] 
 
− 
CMS3: 
CMS [add relevant maturity] 
 
(xvii) Range: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
− 
Range1: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Single 
Underlying/Dual Underlyings] 
 
− 
Range2: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Single 
Underlying/Dual Underlyings] 
 
− 
Range3: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Single 
Underlying/Dual Underlyings] 
 
− 
Range4: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Single 
Underlying/Dual Underlyings] 
 
− 
Range5: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [Single 
Underlying/Dual Underlyings] 
 
(xviii) Range Accrual Day(s):  
[●] 
 
(xix) Lower Limit: 
[●] 
 
(xx) 
Upper Limit: 
[●] 
 
(xxi) Barrier Level Condition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
− 
Barrier Level1: 
[●] 
 
− 
Barrier Level2: 
[●] 
 
(xxii)  Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent. per annum/0 as per Condition 3(l)] 
 
(xxiii)  Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(xxiv)  Day Count Fraction: 
[[30/360] / [Actual/360] / [Actual/Actual-
(ICMA/ISDA)] / specify other option from the 
Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
23 
 Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] (In case of Senior Preferred Notes intending to 
constitute eligible liabilities, optional redemption

--- Page 341 ---
EMEA 150012139 
341 
 
 
should be at least one year from the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of Senior Preferred Notes) 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Specified 
Denomination]/[Condition 
4(b)(B) 
applies 
(applicable only in respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes)] 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) Minimum nominal amount to be 
redeemed: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/Specified 
Denomination 
 
 
(b) Maximum nominal amount to be 
redeemed: 
[●] per Calculation Amount/Specified 
Denomination 
 
(iv) 
Issuer’s Notice Period: 
[●]20 days 
24 
 Noteholder Put Option: 
[Applicable (only for Senior Preferred Notes) 
/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note: 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Specified 
Denomination]/[Condition 
4(b)(B) 
applies 
(applicable only in respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes)] 
 
(iii) 
Noteholders’ Notice Period: 
[●]21 days 
25 
 Final Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Specified 
Denomination 
26 
 Early Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons 
[or on Event of Default]: 
[[●] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/ 
Specified 
Denomination/ Fair Market Value Redemption 
Amount]/[Condition 4(b)(B) applies (applicable 
only in respect of Inflation Linked Notes)] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption for taxation reasons permitted 
on days other than Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(iii) 
Unmatured Coupons to become void upon 
early redemption  
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
 
20 Regarding English Law Notes, as long as the Notes are held in global form, the Issuer’s Notice Period must be a minimum of five Clearing 
System Business Days. 
21 Regarding English Law Notes, as long as the Notes are held in global form, the Issuer’s Notice Period must be a minimum of five Clearing 
System Business Days.

--- Page 342 ---
EMEA 150012139 
342 
 
 
27 
 Make-Whole Redemption Option: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Applicable only to 
Senior Preferred Notes that are not intended to be 
compliant with MREL or TLAC Requirements) (If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Notice Period:22 
[●] 
 
(ii) Reference Security: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Reference Screen Rate: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Make-Whole Redemption Margin: 
[●] 
 
(v) Reference Dealers: 
[(As per Conditions] / [●]/ specify method of 
selection] 
 
(vi) Make-Whole Calculation Agent: 
[●] 
28 
 Clean-up Redemption Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
[Notice Period: 
[●] (if different from the one provided in the terms 
and conditions)] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[●] per Note of [●] Specified 
Denomination/Calculation Amount] 
 
(iv) 
Optional Clean-up Redemption Date: 
[●] 
29 
 Waiver of Set-off: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
30 
 [Events of Default in respect of Senior Preferred 
Notes:  
[No Events of Default]] 
(remove brackets if Events of Default are not 
applicable in respect of Senior Preferred Notes/ 
delete this paragraph if Events of Default are 
applicable in respect of Senior Preferred Notes) 
31 
 [Redemption upon occurrence of a MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event in respect of Senior 
Preferred Notes: 
[Applicable]] 
(remove 
brackets 
if 
MREL 
or 
TLAC 
Disqualification Event is applicable in respect of 
Senior Preferred Notes/ delete this paragraph if 
MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event is not 
applicable in respect of Senior Preferred Notes not 
intended to be compliant with MREL or TLAC 
Requirements) 
32 
 [Prior permission of the Relevant Resolution 
Authority: 
[Applicable]] 
(remove brackets if Senior Preferred Notes are 
intended to be compliant with MREL or TLAC 
Requirements/ delete this paragraph if Senior 
 
22 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the terms and conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer and its fiscal agent.

--- Page 343 ---
EMEA 150012139 
343 
 
 
Preferred Notes are not intended to be compliant 
with MREL or TLAC Requirements) 
33 
 [Substitution and Variation with respect to 
Senior Preferred Notes without Noteholder 
consent: 
[Applicable. The provisions of Condition 4(n) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes shall apply to the Senior Preferred Notes.]] 
(This paragraph only applies in respect of English 
Law Notes. Remove brackets if Substitution and 
Variation with respect to Senior Preferred Notes 
without Noteholder consent is applicable/delete if 
Substitution and Variation with respect to Senior 
Preferred Notes without Noteholder consent is not 
applicable) 
(delete paragraph in case of French Law Notes) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
34 
 Form of Notes: 
[Bearer/Registered] 
 
(i) 
Form: 
[The following elections apply in respect of 
English Law Notes:] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable on or about 
[●] 
(the 
“Exchange 
Date”), 
subject 
to 
postponement as provided in the Temporary 
Global Note for a Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days’ notice]  
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[The following elections apply in respect of French 
Law Notes:] 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
[Materialised Notes are only in bearer form and 
can only be issued outside France] 
[The following elections apply in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes: [Bearer form (au porteur) / 
[Registered form (au nominatif)] 
[The following information is required in respect 
of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form 
(au nominatif pur) if the registration agent in 
respect of a Series of Notes is not the Registration 
Agent: [The Registration Agent in respect of the 
Notes is [Insert name]]

--- Page 344 ---
EMEA 150012139 
344 
 
 
[The following elections apply in respect of 
Materialised 
Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Materialised Notes on [●] (the “Exchange Date”), 
subject to postponement as provided in the 
Temporary Global Certificate]] 
 
(ii)  
[New Global Note:] 
[Yes]/[No]] 
[In respect of English Law Notes only] 
 
(iii) 
Applicable TEFRA exemptions: 
[C Rules/D Rules/Not Applicable] 
35 
 Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and not 
the end dates of interest periods for the purposes 
of calculating the amount of interest, to which sub-
paragraphs 16(vi), 18(v), 19(xi), 20(ix), 21(vi) and 
22(vii) relate] 
36 
 Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made] 
37 
 Details relating to Instalment Notes:  
[Not Applicable/Give details] 
 
(i)  
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii)  
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii)  
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[●] 
 
(iv)  
Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[●] 
38 
 Redenomination provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in Condition 1 
apply] 
39 
 Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions in [Condition 13 
of the English Law Conditions/Condition 13 of the 
French Law Conditions] apply] 
40 
 Purchase in accordance with Article L.213-0-1 
and D.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
41 
 Any applicable currency disruption:23 
[Not Applicable/As per [Condition 5(i) of the 
English Law Conditions /Condition 5(h) of the 
French Law Conditions] 
42 
 [Representation of Noteholders (Condition 9 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the French Law 
Notes):] 
(delete paragraph in case of English Law Notes) 
[[Full Masse]/[Contractual Masse]/ shall apply 
(Note that Condition 9(c) (Contractual Masse) is 
only applicable in respect of any Tranche of 
Notes issued outside France] 
(If Condition 9(b) (Full 
Masse) or (c) 
(Contractual Masse) applies, insert below details 
 
23  RMB Notes only.

--- Page 345 ---
EMEA 150012139 
345 
 
 
of Representative and alternate Representative 
and remuneration, if any) 
 (i) 
Representative: 
[●] (specify name and address) 
 (ii) 
Alternative Representative: 
[●] (specify name and address) 
 (iii) 
Remuneration of Representative: 
[●] (if applicable, specify the amount and payment 
date) 
43 
 Governing law: 
The Notes [and the Receipts, the Coupons and the 
Talons] and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes [and 
the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons] will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, [English law / French law] /[in the case of 
English Law Notes: English law, except for 
Condition 2 (Status of the Notes) which shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
French law]. 
44 
 [Exclusion 
of 
the 
possibility 
to 
request 
identification information of the Noteholders as 
provided by Condition 1(a)(i) of the French Law 
Notes:] 
[Applicable] (If the possibility to request 
identification information of the Noteholders as 
provided by Condition 1(a)(i) of the French Law 
Notes is contemplated, delete this paragraph) 
45 
 Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable ] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no KID will be prepared, “Applicable” should 
be specified and the legend entitled “Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” on the cover 
page of the relevant Final Terms should be 
included. For the purpose of the above, a 
“packaged” product shall designate a “packaged 
retail investment product” which means in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
of 26 November 2014 an investment, where, 
regardless of the legal form of the investment, the 
amount repayable of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail 
investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance 
of one or more assets which are not directly 
purchased by the retail investor.) 
 “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable ] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified and 
the legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK

--- Page 346 ---
EMEA 150012139 
346 
 
 
Retail Investors” on the cover page of the relevant 
Final Terms should be included. For the purpose 
of the above, a “packaged” product shall 
designate a “packaged retail investment product” 
which means in accordance with Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 of 26 November 2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) an investment, 
where, regardless of the legal form of the 
investment, the amount repayable to the retail 
investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance 
of one or more assets which are not directly 
purchased by the retail investor.)” 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
…………………………. 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 347 ---
EMEA 150012139 
347 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
(i) 
 Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris] / [Application has been made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be listed on 
the official list of, and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/[●]] with effect from [●].] / [Application 
is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be [admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris] / [listed on the official list of, and] 
[admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[●]] with effect from 
[●]] [Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original securities are already 
admitted to trading) 
 
 
[The [first/[tranches to be specified]] Tranche(s) of 
the Notes]/ [The Existing Notes] are already listed 
from [its/their respective] issue date.] 
(ii)  Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to 
be] rated]: [The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[Fitch Ratings: [●]] 
[Other: [●]] 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
[[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies] 
[is/are] 
established in the European Union and [has/have 
each] applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the relevant competent authority.]24 
 
24  It is important to liaise with the Issuer and/or the relevant credit rating agencies to determine (i) the specific legal entity which will issue 
the credit ratings, and (ii) the status of any application which has been made to the relevant competent authority by that entity. It is 
recommended that these enquiries are made at an early stage to allow sufficient time for the information to be obtained.

--- Page 348 ---
EMEA 150012139 
348 
 
 
[[Insert 
credit 
rating 
agency/ies] 
[is/are] 
established in the European Union and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency/ies] [is/are] not 
established in the European Union and [has/have] 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009.] 
[However, certain of [it/their respective] affiliates 
are established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk). Such affiliates endorse the 
ratings of [insert credit rating agency/ies] for use for 
regulatory purposes in the European Union.]]  
 
[[The rating [Insert legal name of credit rating 
agency] has given to the Notes is endorsed by a 
credit agency which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018.]  
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018.] 
 
[[Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has not 
been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under 
the CRA Regulation (UK).]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider”]

--- Page 349 ---
EMEA 150012139 
349 
 
 
3 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE] 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement:] 
[“[Except for the commissions related to the issue of the Notes paid to the [Managers]], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the issue.”] 
4 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES] 
(i) 
 Reasons for the offer: 
[●]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s 
general corporate purposes]/[It is the Issuer’s 
intention that the Notes constitute “Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds” and to apply an amount equal 
to the net proceeds of the “Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bonds” to finance and/or refinance 
Eligible Loans in the following [Green/Social] 
Eligible Categories: [Renewable Energy, Green 
Buildings and Low Carbon Transport / Local 
Development 
and 
employment 
preservation 
through 
farmers, 
professionnals 
and 
SME 
financing, Affordable Housing, Access to Essential 
Services, Access to Healthcare, Access to education 
and professional training], as further described in 
the Issuer’s Green, Social or Sustainability Bond 
Framework (as amended and supplemented from 
time to time), which is available on the Issuer’s 
website.] 
*(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from (i) 
making profit and/or (ii) hedging certain risks 
and/or (iii) financing and/or refinancing new or 
existing projects from any Eligible Loans, will need 
to include those reasons here.) 
(ii)  Estimated net proceeds: 
[●][(including the amount corresponding to 
accrued interest) (in the case of fungible or 
assimilated issues only, if applicable)] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
(iii)  Estimated total expenses: 
[●] [Include breakdown of expenses.] 
 
5 
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD] 
Indication of yield: 
[●] 
[Calculated as [include specific details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date.]

--- Page 350 ---
EMEA 150012139 
350 
 
 
 
6 
[Floating Rate Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF INTEREST RATES] 
Performance of rates: 
Details 
of 
performance 
of 
EURIBOR/€STR/SONIA/SOFR/CMS 
Rate/TEC 
10/SARON/TONA replicate other rates as specified 
in the Conditions] can be obtained, [but not] free of 
charge, 
from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/others, 
give 
details of electronic means of obtaining the details 
of performance]. 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at 
[●], [●] appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [] is not 
currently required to obtain authorization or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] 
[As at [], [] appears on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority’s 
register of administrators under Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA.]] 
7 
[Inflation Linked Notes/ Inflation Linked Range Accrual Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF 
INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING] 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [Consumer Price Index excluding tobacco for all households in 
metropolitan France (“CPI”) as calculated and published monthly by the Institut National de la Statistique 
et des Etudes Economiques./ Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate 
of inflation in the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco (“HICP”) as calculated and published by 
Eurostat]. 
(ii) 
Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: [●] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and 
where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
8 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●] [until the [Exchange Date]/[Assimilation Date], 
[●] thereafter]

--- Page 351 ---
EMEA 150012139 
351 
 
 
Common Code: 
[●] [until the [Exchange Date]/[Assimilation Date], 
[●] thereafter] 
CFI Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / 
Not Available] 
FISN Code: 
[See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable / 
Not Available] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A., Euroclear 
France and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/Give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/Give name(s), addresses] 
[Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  
Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the International Central Securities 
Depositories (i.e. Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A.) as common safekeeper 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria.] [include this text if “yes” 
selected in which case the English Law Notes must 
be issued in NGN Form unless they are deposited 
with Euroclear France as central depositary] 
[No.  
Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such 
that the Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Notes may then be deposited with one of the Central 
Securities Depositories (i.e. Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking S.A.) as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon

--- Page 352 ---
EMEA 150012139 
352 
 
 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]]25 
9 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated:  
 
(a) Names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments of Managers: 
 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments]  
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a 
“best efforts” basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers) 
(b)  Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[●] 
(c) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses] 
(iv) Indication of the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the placing 
commission: 
 
 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Tranche]/[Not Applicable] 
(v) US Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2 applies to the Notes; 
[TEFRA C/TEFRA D/ TEFRA Not Applicable] 
(vi) [Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[Include text of additional selling restrictions (for 
issues outside an EU regulated market)] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(vii) Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the remaining placeholders of this sub-
paragraph (vi) and also paragraph 10 below) 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the Issuer 
intends to make the non-exempt offer (where the 
Base Prospectus lists the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions, select from that list) which must 
therefore be jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus 
and any supplements have been passported (in 
addition to the jurisdiction where approved and 
published)] 
Offer period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date] 
 
25 Only applicable to English Law Notes.

--- Page 353 ---
EMEA 150012139 
353 
 
 
Financial intermediaries granted specific consent to 
use the Base Prospectus in accordance with the 
conditions in it: 
 
 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries receiving consent (specific consent)] 
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
Other Authorised Offeror Terms: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
 
10 
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER] 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][see below] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Total amount of the securities offered to the 
public/admitted to trading. If the amount is not 
fixed, an indication of the maximum amount of 
the securities to be offered (if available) and a 
description of the arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the definitive amount of 
the offer: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Description of the application process and time 
period, including any possible amendments, 
during which the offer will be opened: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Description of possibility to reduce subscriptions 
and manner for refunding amount paid in excess 
by applicants: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount 
of the application: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Details of the method and time limits for paying 
up and for delivering the Notes: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Manner in and date on which results of the offer 
are to be made public: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription rights and treatment 
of subscription rights not exercised: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Various categories of potential investors to which 
the Notes are offered: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Whether the offer is being made simultaneously in 
the markets of two or more countries and if 
tranche(s) have been or is(are) being reserved for 
certain of these countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount 
allotted and the indication whether dealing may 
begin before notification is made: 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Indication of the expected price at which the 
securities will be offered or description of the

--- Page 354 ---
EMEA 150012139 
354 
 
 
method of determining the price and process of 
disclosure: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or PRIIPs 
such that it is required to disclose information 
relating to costs and charges, also include that 
information) 
Name(s) and address(es) of the coordinator(s) of 
the global offer and of single parts of the offer 
and, to the extent known to the Issuer or to the 
offeror, of the placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
 
 
[None/give details] 
[Name and address of the entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis, 
and name and address of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or 
under “best efforts” arrangements. Indication of 
the material features of the agreements, including 
the quotas. Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, a statement of the portion not 
covered. Indication of the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the placing 
commission:] 
 
 
 
 
[[None/give details]]

--- Page 355 ---
EMEA 150012139 
355 
 
 
ANNEX – FORM OF ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[Prospectus summary to be inserted in respect of the Notes being issued.]

--- Page 356 ---
EMEA 150012139 
356 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
No authorisation procedures are required of the Issuer in the Republic of France in connection with the 
update of the Programme. However, the issue of obligations (bonds) up to a maximum aggregate amount 
of euro 102,000,000,000 was authorised for a period of one year by a resolution of the Conseil 
d’administration on 7 February 2024. On the same day, the Conseil d’administration delegated the 
authority to issue obligations (bonds) to the Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général), to Mr. Alexandre 
Saada, to Mr. Eric Cuzzucoli and to Mr. Denis Reinsbach, acting jointly or separately. Issues of Notes, to 
the extent they constitute obligations (bonds) under French Law will be authorised pursuant to the 
foregoing authorisations or any replacement authorisations, passed in accordance with French law. 
2. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of 
this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 18 July 2025. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
3. 
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant change in the financial position or 
financial performance of the Issuer, Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale or of the Group since 31 December 
2023 and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale or of 
the Group since 31 December 2023. 
4. 
Save as disclosed on page 538 of the 2023 URD, neither the Issuer, Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale nor 
any of their respective subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings which may have or have had, during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, 
significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, nor so far 
as the Issuer is aware are any such governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings pending or threatened. 
5. 
Save as disclosed on page 911 of the 2023 URD, the Issuer has not entered into any contracts outside the 
ordinary course of its business, which could result in the Issuer or any member of the Group being under 
an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to holders of Notes 
in respect of the Notes being issued.  
6. 
Each English Law Note and each Materialised Note and any related Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear 
the following legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations 
under the United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) 
of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
7. 
Notes will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems. The Common Code 
and the International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”) for each Series of Notes will be set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting 
as central depositary) and accepted for clearance through Euroclear France. Materialised Notes may not be 
issued in France and may not be held in a clearing system located in France. The address of Euroclear is 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the address of Clearstream is 42 avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg and the address of Euroclear France is 10-12, place de la Bourse, 75002 
Paris, France. The address of any alternative clearing system and/or any other relevant code or 
identification number will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 357 ---
EMEA 150012139 
357 
 
 
8. 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available on the website of the Issuer (https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr/): 
(i) 
this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus and each of the documents incorporated by reference herein or therein; 
(ii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, balance sheets, valuations 
and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or 
referred to in this Base Prospectus or any Supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(iii) 
the published annual report and audited accounts of the Issuer and Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale 
for the latest two financial years, and the latest unaudited six-monthly interim consolidated accounts 
of the Issuer (the Issuer does not publish six-monthly non-consolidated accounts); and 
(iv) 
each Final Terms for Notes that are listed on Euronext Paris or any other stock exchange (including 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange). 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, the following documents will be 
available, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), 
for inspection and copies may be obtained, at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified offices 
of the Fiscal Agent and Paying Agents, each as set out at the end of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the English Law Agency Agreement (which includes the forms of the Global Notes and of the 
Definitive Notes, Coupons, Receipts and Talons); 
(ii) 
French Law Agency Agreement (which includes, in respect of Dematerialised Notes, the form of 
the Lettre Comptable, the Temporary Global Certificate and of the Definitive and, in respect of 
Materialised Notes, the forms of Notes, Coupons, Receipts and Talons); 
(iii) 
the Deed of Covenant; and 
(iv) 
the statuts of the Issuer. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, further Base Prospectuses, any Supplements thereto and any 
Final Terms and any documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be available on the 
website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
9. 
The statutory auditors (commissaires aux comptes) of the Issuer and Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale who 
audited the consolidated financial statements of the Group and Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale and the 
company financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2023 were KPMG S.A. and PricewaterhouseCoopers France. 
The statutory auditors’ reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Group and Crédit Mutuel 
Alliance Fédérale and on the company financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 
31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 do not contain qualifications. 
The substitute statutory auditors are Cabinet Picarle & Associés and Jean-Baptiste Deschryver. The 
statutory and substitute statutory auditors of the Issuer and Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale carry out their 
duties in accordance with the principles of the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes 
(“CNCC”) and are members of the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de Versailles et 
du Centre, which complies with the rules issued by the CNCC. 
10. 
The Issuer has other bonds listed on Euronext Paris and listed on the official list of, and admitted to trading 
on, the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
11. 
The Issuer may also issue Notes under the Programme Notes for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation, including Notes admitted to trading or listed on any market or

--- Page 358 ---
EMEA 150012139 
358 
 
 
stock exchange that is not a Regulated Market or unlisted Notes. The relevant Final Terms in respect of 
the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be listed and admitted to trading on any 
such market or stock exchange. The issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable 
to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document substantially in the form of the Final 
Terms. Certain Notes, the provisions of which are not fully described in this Base Prospectus, may also be 
issued under the Programme using a drawdown or tranche prospectus which will be submitted for approval 
as a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation and, which will incorporate this, or certain parts of 
this, Base Prospectus and the Final Terms in which will be set out the relevant terms and conditions relating 
to such Notes. 
12. 
In respect of Fixed Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms will specify the yield. The yield will be 
calculated at the time of the issue on the basis of the Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as 
the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and it will not be an indication of future yield. 
13. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, such stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue Date of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any 
Stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules.  
14. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR (provided by the European 
Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”)) or SARON (provided by SIX Swiss Exchange) or other reference 
rates as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the EMMI appear on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended) (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). Six Index AG (an entity of SIX Swiss Exchange AG) has 
been endorsed under article 33 of the Benchmarks Regulation and appears on the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority. €STR, 
SONIA, SOFR, TEC 10, HICP, CPI and TONA are administered, as the case may be, by central banks or 
public authorities that do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation (article 2.2 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation). 
15. 
The website of the Issuer is “https://www.bfcm.creditmutuel.fr”. The information on such website does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus, expect where that information has been incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
16. 
This Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference) contains certain statements that 
are forward-looking including statements with respect to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion and 
growth of operations, trends in its business, competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory 
changes, information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by 
or that include the words “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “anticipate”, “seek”, “estimate” or similar 
expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks 
and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as 
a result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking 
statements, which speak only as at the date hereof. These forward looking statements do not constitute

--- Page 359 ---
EMEA 150012139 
359 
 
 
profit forecasts or estimates under Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended. 
The Issuer operates in a continually changing environment and new risks emerge continually. Forward-
looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Issuer does not undertake any obligation 
to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements, to reflect new information, future events or 
circumstances or otherwise. These forward-looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or 
estimates under Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the Prospectus 
Regulation, as amended. 
17. 
All or some of the Dealers and their affiliates have and/or may in the future engage, in investment banking, 
commercial banking and other financial advisory and commercial dealings with the Issuer and its affiliates 
and in relation to securities issued by any entity of the Group. They have or may (i) engage in investment 
banking, trading or hedging activities including activities that may include prime brokerage business, 
financing transactions or entry into derivative transactions, (ii) act as underwriters in connection with 
offering of shares or other securities issued by any entity of the Group or (iii) act as financial advisers to 
the Issuer or other companies of the Group. In the context of these transactions, certain of such Dealers 
and/or their affiliates have or may hold shares or other securities issued by entities of the Group. Where 
applicable, they have or will receive customary fees and commissions for these transactions. The Dealers 
and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients 
that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives 
which may affect the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse 
to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Where the Issuer acts as Calculation Agent or the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, conflicts 
of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and Noteholders, including with respect to certain 
determinations and judgments that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may 
influence any amount payable under the Notes. 
18. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is VBHFXSYT7OG62HNT8T76. 
19. 
Conflicts of interest concerning the administrative, management and supervisory bodies - To date, 
there has been no mention of potential conflicts of interest between the duties of any of the members of the 
board of directors and Executive Management regarding Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel and its 
private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 360 ---
EMEA 150012139 
360 
 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE 
PROSPECTUS 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. The Issuer confirms that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its 
import. 
 
Paris, 18 July 2024 
Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel 
4, rue Frédéric-Guillaume Raiffeisen 
67000 Strasbourg 
France 
 
 
Duly represented by:  
Eric Cuzzucoli, Treasurer 
 
 
 
Autorité des marchés financiers 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 18 July 2024 under the approval number n°24-327 by the AMF, in 
its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, 
coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 18 July 2024 and is valid until 18 July 2025 and shall, during this 
period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies.

--- Page 361 ---
EMEA 150012139 
361 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel 
4, rue Frédéric-Guillaume Raiffeisen 
67000 Strasbourg 
France 
 
ARRANGER 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel 
4, rue Frédéric-Guillaume Raiffeisen 
67000 Strasbourg 
France 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber  
75116 Paris  
France  
 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD, 
Netherlands 
 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, REDENOMINATION AGENT, CONSOLIDATION AGENT and 
CALCULATION AGENT IN RESPECT OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-2085 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 362 ---
EMEA 150012139 
362 
 
 
PAYING AGENTS IN RESPECT OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
BNP Paribas 
9 rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, REDENOMINATION AGENT, CONSOLIDATION AGENT, 
REGISTRATION AGENT and CALCULATION AGENT IN RESPECT OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
BNP Paribas 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9 rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
AUSTRALIAN AGENT IN RESPECT OF AUSTRALIAN LAW NOTES 
Citigroup Pty Limited  
Level 16 
120 Collins Street 
Melbourne VIC 3000 
Australia  
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy  
L-2085 Luxembourg  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  
 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
KPMG S.A. 
Tour Eqho 
2 avenue Gambetta, CS 60055 
92066 Paris-La Défense Cedex, 
France 
PricewaterhouseCoopers France 
63, rue de Villiers, 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex,  
France 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer in respect of French law 
To the Issuer in respect of Australian Law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
32, rue François 1er 
75008 Paris 
France 
King & Wood Mallesons 
Level 61, Governor Phillip Tower 
1 Farrer Place 
Sydney NSW 2000 
Australia 
To the Dealers in respect of English and French law 
White & Case LLP 
19, place Vendôme 
75001 Paris 
France