--- Page 1 ---
BANQUE ET CAISSE D'EPARGNE DE L'ETAT, 
LUXEMBOURG 
U.S.$8,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Any Notes issued under the Programme are issued subject to the provisions set out herein.  This does not affect Notes issued prior to the date hereof. 
Under this U.S.$8,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de l'Etat, Luxembourg (the Issuer) may from time to 
time issue notes (the Notes, which expression shall include Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes (each as defined below)) denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  The Notes will rank either as senior obligations of the Issuer (Senior Notes) or as subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(Subordinated Notes). Senior Notes may be Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non Preferred Notes. Senior Non Preferred Notes will be issued as MREL Eligible Instruments 
(as defined below) and Senior Preferred Notes may be issued as MREL Eligible Instruments. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$8,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described herein).   
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified on page 10 (and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an on-going basis) (each a Dealer and together the Dealers).  References in this Prospectus to the relevant Dealer 
shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe for such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes.  Investors should make their 
own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  This Prospectus has also been approved by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange pursuant to Part IV of the 
Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the Luxembourg Prospectus Act) for the purpose of admitting Notes (Exempt Notes (as defined below) 
included) on the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer, 
in accordance with article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Prospectus Act. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). 
Application has further been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF market and to be 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Securities Official List (LuxSE SOL) without admission to trading on one of the securities markets operated by the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Prospectus in connection with Notes to be admitted to trading on 
the Euro MTF market or Notes to be listed on the LuxSE SOL. 
References in this Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.   This Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) 
is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (EEA) and/or offered to 
the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement 
this Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  References in this 
Prospectus to Exempt Notes are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation.  The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed 
information contained in this Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to 
each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set forth in a final terms 
document (the form of which is contained herein) (the Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF.  Copies of this Prospectus, the Final Terms with respect to Notes to 
be listed and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and any documents incorporated by reference herein will be available from the official website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. This Prospectus and any documents incorporated by reference herein shall be available from such website for a period of 
ten years from the date hereof.  In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the Pricing Supplement). 
 
 
The date of this Prospectus is 30 June 2023. This Prospectus replaces the prospectus dated 22 August 2022 and is valid for a period of twelve 
months after approval, through to 30 June 2024. 
 
 
Arranger 
Citigroup 
Dealers

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
BBVA 
BCEE 
BNP PARIBAS 
 Crédit Agricole CIB 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank  
Goldman Sachs International 
J.P. Morgan 
Mizuho 
Morgan Stanley 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.   
The Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a temporary global Note which will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common depositary or, as the 
case may be, a common safekeeper on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear), and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and/or any other agreed 
clearance system which will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, for either a permanent global Note or Notes in definitive form, in each case upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury regulations.  A permanent global Note will be exchangeable for definitive Notes, either upon 
request or in certain limited circumstances, all as further described in "Form of the Notes" below. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Issuer's long-term credit rating for Senior Preferred debt is Aa3 by Moody's France SAS (Moody's) and AA+ by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited (Ireland) (Standard & Poor's). The Issuer's short-term credit ratings for Senior Preferred debt are P-1 (Moody's) and A-1+ (Standard & Poor's) and the 
Issuer's subordinated debt ratings are A3 (Moody's) and A- (Standard & Poor's). Each of Moody's and Standard & Poor’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation. Long-term obligations rated (i) “Aa” by Moody’s are judged to be of high quality and are subject to very low credit risk and (ii) “A” by Moody’s are 
judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through 
Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. Short-term obligations rated “P-1” by Moody’s indicates a superior ability to repay short-term debt 
obligations.  Long-term obligations rated (i) “AA” by Standard & Poor's indicates a very strong capacity to meet financial commitments and (ii) “A” by Standard & Poor's 
indicates that they are somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories, 
however, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still strong. Short-term obligations rated “A-1” by Standard & Poor’s indicates that the 
obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is strong. The modifiers "+" or "-" are appended to a rating to denote the relative status within major 
rating categories.  Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by either of the rating agencies referred to above.  Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such 
rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Programme by the relevant rating agency.  A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal 
at any time by the assigning rating agency.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms 
Amounts payable on certain Notes may be calculated by reference to one of EURIBOR, SARON, SONIA, SOFR, €STR, CMS Reference Rate or HICP 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. As at the date of this Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR and SARON 
are included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this 
Prospectus, the administrator of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, CMS Reference Rate and HICP is not included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA, SOFR and €STR do not fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue 
of Article 2 of that regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that Eurostat 
(as administrator of HICP) and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (as administrator of CMS Reference Rate) are not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued under the 
Programme for the purpose of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation.  When used in this Prospectus, 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.  
This Prospectus also comprises a base prospectus in respect of Notes (Exempt Notes included) issued under 
the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (or to 
be listed on LuxSE SOL without admission to trading). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and the Final Terms or, as 
the case may be, the Pricing Supplement for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best 
of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that this is the case) the information 
contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
The Issuer, having made all reasonable enquiries, confirms that this Prospectus contains all information with 
respect to itself and any Notes which is material in the context of the Programme, that the information 
contained in this Prospectus is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading, that the opinions 
and intentions expressed in this Prospectus are honestly held and that there are no other facts the omission of 
which would make any of such information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated in it by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below).  This Prospectus shall be read and construed 
on the basis that those documents are incorporated by reference in and form part of this Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Apart from the Issuer, no other party has separately verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, 
no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Prospectus or 
any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or any Notes or their 
distribution.  No Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.  
The statements made in this paragraph are made without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer under the 
Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the 
Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of 
this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of 
any Notes constitutes an offer by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for 
or to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any circumstances 
imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to its date or 
that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to 
the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes 
issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
(or Pricing Supplement, in case of Exempt Notes) specifies "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors - 
Legend" as "Not Applicable", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – Unless the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
(or Pricing Supplement, in case of Exempt Notes) specifies "Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors - 
Legend" as “Not Applicable”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the 
UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the the UK’s 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the UK’s Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 (the 
MiFIR) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment made by the relevant manufacturer(s) in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes as appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules: 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless stated otherwise in the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Certain Tranches of Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus.  Any such offer is referred to as a Non-exempt Offer.  Investors should 
note that important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes can be found on page 42. 
Benchmarks Regulation: Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by 
reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmark Regulation). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
Transitional provisions in the Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final 
Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to 
reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS 
OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.  
The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this document may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes 
may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any 
such distribution or offering.  In particular, except for the approval of this Prospectus by the CSSF, no action 
has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or 
distribution of this document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers 
and sales by them will be made on the same terms.  Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any 
Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions.  In particular, there are

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA 
(including Switzerland), Singapore and Japan (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(a) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(c) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(d) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments.  Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments.  They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios.  A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have 
on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act), and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
(see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the 2006 ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Prospectus, all references to 
• 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$, $ and U.S. cent refer to the currency of the United States of America; 
• 
£ and Sterling refer to the currency of the United Kingdom; and 
• 
Euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
General Description of the Programme ............................................................................................................ 10 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 16 
Information Relating to Non-exempt Offers of Notes ...................................................................................... 51 
Overview of Consolidated Financial Information ............................................................................................ 57 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 58 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 61 
Applicable Final Terms (Retail) ....................................................................................................................... 64 
Applicable Final Terms (Wholesale) .............................................................................................................. 112 
Applicable Pricing Supplement ...................................................................................................................... 157 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ................................................................................................................ 201 
Annex 1 .......................................................................................................................................................... 299 
Annex 2 .......................................................................................................................................................... 317 
Annex 3 .......................................................................................................................................................... 324 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 392 
Description of Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de L'Etat, Luxembourg .............................................................. 393 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 399 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 407 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 413

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting 
the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes.  Any stabilisation action or overallotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its 
entirety by the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of a particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement).  
The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated 
in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes and, if appropriate, 
a supplement to the Prospectus or a new Prospectus will be published.  This General Description constitutes a 
general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No 2019/980 implementing the Prospectus Regulation (the Delegated Regulation). Words and 
expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same 
meanings in this general description. 
 
Issuer: 
Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de l'Etat, Luxembourg 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
R7CQUF1DQM73HUTV1078 
Description of the Programme: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Dealers: 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Banque et Caisse d’Epargne de l’Etat, Luxembourg 
 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
 
UBS AG London Branch 
Principal Paying Agent and Agent 
Bank: 
Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de l'Etat, Luxembourg 
Issuing Agent and Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in such currencies as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, including, without limitation, 
U.S. dollars, Euro and Sterling (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in "Form of 
the Notes". 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement) and on redemption, and will be calculated on the

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
basis of such Fixed Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes may also include an interest step-up provision 
whereby the Rate of Interest payable increases at pre-determined 
periods to a pre-determined percentage per annum as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest on the basis of a reference 
rate (such as EURIBOR, SARON, SONIA, SOFR or €STR) 
appearing on the agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
system and set out in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Index Linked Redemption Notes, 
Equity Linked Redemption Notes and 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes: 
Payments of principal in respect of Index Linked Redemption 
Notes or of interest in respect of Inflation Linked Interest Notes or 
other notes linked to an underlying reference will be calculated by 
reference to such index and/or formula or to changes in the prices 
of securities or commodities or to such other factors as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement). The equity securities to which Equity Linked 
Redemption Notes are linked do not belong to the Issuer nor to an 
entity belonging to the Issuer’s Group and do not consist in equity 
of a third party issuer that are not admitted to trading on a regulated 
market (within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation). 
Credit Linked Notes: 
Credit Linked Notes payments or deliveries will be linked to the 
credit of a specified entity or entities and will be issued on such 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the event 
of the occurrence of certain circumstances (which may include 
Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation 
Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental 
Intervention) in relation to a Reference Entity or, with respect to 
Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, Reference Entities, in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the obligation of the Issuer 
to pay principal at maturity may be replaced by (i) an obligation to 
pay other amounts which are equal to either certain fixed 
amount(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or amounts 
calculated by reference to the value of the Valuation Obligation(s) 
(which may, in each case, be less than the par value of the Notes 
at the relevant time) and/or (ii) an obligation to deliver the 
Deliverable Obligation(s), all as more fully described in the 
Additional provisions applicable to Credit Linked Notes. In 
addition, interest-bearing Credit Linked Notes may cease to bear 
interest on or prior to the date of occurrence of such circumstances. 
Credit Linked Notes may be subject to early redemption or 
adjustments as more fully described in the Additional provisions 
applicable to Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Other provisions in relation to Floating 
Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Range Accrual and Dual Range 
Accrual Notes: 
Range Accrual and Dual Range Accrual Notes bear interest if a 
certain reference rate or a combination of reference rates does not 
equal or exceed or fall below certain parameters, as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest other than in the case of 
late payment. 
Redemption and Purchase: 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes (other than those qualifying 
as MREL Eligible Instruments (as defined below)), the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in the 
case of Exempt Notes in specified instalments, if applicable, or for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, 
as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
In the case of MREL Notes (as defined below), the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in the 
case of Exempt Notes in specified instalments, if applicable, or for 
taxation reasons or upon the occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event) or that such Notes will be redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer upon giving notice to the Noteholders on a 
date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a price 
or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) 
will indicate whether such Notes will be redeemable at the option 
of the Issuer or not and they shall be redeemable for taxation 
reasons or upon the occurrence of a Capital Event and upon giving 
notice to the Noteholders, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
The Notes will also be redeemable prior to their stated maturity if 
Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of 
Exempt Notes) and an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs. 
Denominations of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of 
Exempt Notes) save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be such as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Approval, listing and admission to 
trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF for approval of this 
Prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme. Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for approval of this Prospectus in 
respect of Notes (Exempt Notes included) issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Application may be made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
for Notes to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF market and 
to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. Application may also be made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s Securities Official List without admission to trading 
on one of the securities markets operated by the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealers in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued. 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchange(s) and/or markets. 
Exempt Notes: 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
and/or offered to the public in the European Economic Area other 
than in circumstances where an exemption is available under 
Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. Under this 
Prospectus, the Issuer may issue Exempt Notes (being Notes for 
which no prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation). In the case of Exempt Notes, any terms 
and conditions not contained in this Prospectus which are 
applicable to such Exempt Notes will be set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. The variations to the terms and conditions of 
the Exempt Notes, where such Exempt Notes are to be admitted to

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
trading on the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
Securities Official List, shall not entail the creation of an entirely 
new product. Such variations shall be limited to the features of the 
interest and redemption basis. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by Luxembourg or 
any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, unless such deduction or withholding is required by 
law, as provided in Condition 7. In such event, the Issuer will, save 
in certain limited circumstances, be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the 
distribution of offering material in various jurisdictions. 
Payout Methodology: 
The amount(s) (if any) payable or deliverable, as applicable, under 
the Notes will be comprised of the following components: 
 
(i) 
on final redemption, the Final Redemption Amount (see 
Condition 6 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and 
the relevant SPS Payout Conditions, if any SPS Final 
Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt 
Notes)); 
 
(ii) 
if Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in 
the case of Exempt Notes) and an Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Event 
occurs, 
the 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(see 
the 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption provisions in Annex 2 and SPS Payout 
Condition 1.2; 
 
(iii) 
if an Issuer Call Option or Noteholder Put Option is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement), the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (see Condition 6 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes ); 
 
(iv) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the Asset 
Amount(s) (see Condition 5 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) and, if any SPS Final Payout is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement in the case of exempt Notes, the SPS 
Entitlement Amount(s) (see SPS Payout Condition 1.3); 
and/or 
 
The terms of a Series of Notes are comprised of (i) the Conditions, 
(ii) if selected in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement), Annex 2 to the Conditions 
which contains additional provisions applicable to Index Linked 
Redemption Notes, Equity Linked Redemption Notes and 
Inflation Linked Interest Notes (Annex 2), (iii) Annex 3 to the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Conditions which contains additional provisions applicable to 
Credit Linked Notes (Annex 3) and (iv) if selected in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement), the SPS Coupon Rate Payout(s) and/or SPS 
Payout(s) selected from Annex 1 to the Conditions (Annex 1) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and the related variables 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement) (including the relevant valuation 
provisions) for such SPS Coupon Rate Payout(s) and/or SPS 
Payout(s) (as selected from the Annex 1). 
 
Investors must review the Conditions and Annex 1, Annex 2, 
and/or Annex 3, as applicable, together with the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement) to ascertain the Terms and Conditions applicable 
to the Notes.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent, subject to resolution or 
otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which 
individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due.  It is not possible 
to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be 
aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become 
material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The Issuer has identified in this 
Prospectus factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus (including 
any documents deemed to be incorporated in it by reference) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. Investors should be aware that the risks described may combine and thus intensify one 
another. 
Finally, investors should be aware that the individual risks or the combination of the risks set out below may 
have a significant impact on the price of the Notes and a negative impact on the value of the investment. Under 
certain circumstances the prospective investor may suffer substantial losses. 
RISK FACTORS SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL TO THE ISSUER 
The risk factors specific and material to the Issuer are presented in the following categories depending on their 
nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1.1 
Risks related to the Issuer generally 
1.2 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities 
1.3 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
Risks related to the Issuer generally  
Risks related to the macroeconomic, market and regulatory environments 
Macroeconomic risk - Based on the strategic orientation of the Issuer with the business segments Retail and 
Corporate Banking, its offering of products and concentration on the core market Luxembourg, general 
economic developments in Luxembourg, in combination with developments on the European and international 
financial and capital markets are of great importance for the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or 
loss of the Issuer. The profitability of the Issuer's businesses could, therefore, be adversely affected by a 
worsening of general economic conditions in its markets, as well as by foreign and domestic trading market 
conditions and/or related factors, including governmental policies and initiatives. An economic downturn or 
significantly higher interest rates could increase the risk that a greater number of the Issuer's customers default 
on their loans or other obligations to the Issuer, or refrain from seeking additional borrowing from the Issuer.  
After the economic decline in 2020 due to the COVID 19 pandemic, the global economy recovered in 2021. 
However, Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has brought new challenges by exerting further upward pressures on 
commodity prices, causing renewed supply disruptions and increasing uncertainty. The long term economic 
consequences of these crises could adversely affect the Issuer's business and financial position both as a result 
of their impact on the global markets and macroeconomic environment generally and as a result of the direct 
impact on the Bank's customers. Based on current information, the effects on the Luxembourgish economy are 
still difficult to assess (forecasts for economic activity and inflation are heavily dependent on the evolution of

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
the war and especially on its impact on energy markets and), but seem to be less severe than for the rest of 
Europe. 
Extremely low interest rates represented in the past one of the main challenges for the financial sector. The 
interest rates have strongly increased but, at the moment, it is still not foreseeable to what extent and intensity 
financial markets will react to the overall developments.  Higher interest rates are likely to slow down the 
development in economic activity. As highlighted by the problems of some banks in the US and Europe, higher 
interest rates and financial volatility do impose a risk to financial stability, even though the banking sector in 
general is in a solid position. 
Competition - The Issuer faces increased competition from local and international banking and non-banking 
operations. While the Issuer believes it is positioned to compete effectively with these competitors, there can 
be no assurance that increased competition will not adversely affect the Issuer in one or more of the markets 
in which it operates. 
Regulatory risk and Increased Regulation - The Issuer's business activities are subject to substantial regulation 
and regulatory oversight in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Current, together with future regulatory 
developments, including changes to accounting standards and the amount of regulatory capital required to 
support the risk, could have an adverse effect impacting on how the Issuer conducts its business and on the 
results of its operations. The Issuer's business and earnings are also affected by fiscal and other policies that 
are adopted by the various regulatory authorities of the European Union, foreign governments and international 
agencies. The nature and impact of future changes in such policies are not predictable and are beyond the 
Issuer's control.  
Risk related to the creditworthiness and credit rating of the Issuer  
One or more independent rating agencies may assign ratings to the Issuer. A rating assesses the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the Issuer being able 
to redeem invested capital. The Issuer is generally exposed to the risk that ratings assigned to it by rating 
agencies may be downgraded. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
If the ratings of the Issuer were to be downgraded, this might impair the Issuer's access to refinancing sources 
and/or cause refinancing costs to rise. Negative changes in the rating assigned to the Issuer may adversely 
affect the market price of the Notes and may have a negative impact on the value of the investment made by 
an investor. 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities 
Counterparty Risk 
As a credit institution, the Issuer is exposed to the creditworthiness of its customers and counterparties. This 
exposure can arise through trading, lending, deposit-taking, clearance and settlement and numerous other 
activities and relationships. These counterparties include institutional clients, brokers and dealers, commercial 
banks, investment banks and mutual funds. Many of these relationships expose the Issuer to credit risk in the 
event of default of a counterparty or client. In addition, the Issuer's credit risk may be exacerbated when the 
collateral it holds cannot be realised at, or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover, the full amount of 
the loan or derivative exposure it is due to cover, which could in turn affect the Issuer's ability to meet its 
payments under the Notes. Many of the hedging and other risk management strategies utilised by the Issuer 
also involve transactions with financial services counterparties. The risk of insolvency in relation to these 
counterparties may impair the effectiveness of the Issuer's hedging and other risk management strategies, 
which could in turn affect the Issuer's ability to meet its payments under the Notes.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer's methods and provisions on risk management for identifying, 
monitoring and controlling counterparty risk, including its policies on risk management, provisions on risk 
management, risk management procedures, valuation methods and financing principles, are sufficient in all 
individual cases and will always be sufficient and appropriate in the future. It cannot be ruled out that 
undetected, unforeseen and unavoidable counterparty risks or counterparty risks that were not identified in the 
past will arise and lead to loan losses which could have a negative effect on the net assets, financial and income 
position of the Issuer and could limit its ability to make payments under the Notes. 
Operational Risk 
Operational risk refers to possible losses caused by personal misconduct, weaknesses in process management, 
technical failure or negative outside influences. Personal misconduct also includes unlawful actions, improper 
sales practices, unauthorised actions and transaction costs. 
There can be no assurance that the precautions taken by the Issuer to manage and mitigate operational risk will 
be effective in all cases. The realisation of such a risk, for example resulting in lost revenue as a result of 
business interruption or reputational damage arising from improper conduct of its employees, could have a 
negative effect on the net assets, financial and income position of the Issuer which could limit its ability to 
make payments under the Notes. 
Investment Risk 
Investment risk is understood as the danger of financial losses due to a decline in the value of a holding to less 
than its book value. This refers to long term investments the Issuer has made in companies for strategic reasons. 
If a future impairment test determines that the book value of long term investments is significantly impaired, 
this could have an adverse impact on the financial performance and financial position of the Issuer and could 
limit its ability to make payments under the Notes. 
Risks related to the Issuer's Financial Situation 
Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risks consist of the following risks: 
− 
Inability to fulfil payment obligations when they fall due  
− 
Inability to procure sufficient liquidity when needed at anticipated conditions (refinancing risk) 
− 
Inability to terminate, extend or close out a transaction, or only be able to do so at a loss, due to 
insufficient market depth or market turbulence (market liquidity risk) 
Insufficient liquidity could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's solvency and its ability to make 
payments under the Notes. 
Liquidity risk is directly managed by the Issuer's Asset and Liability Management function, which carefully 
manages the Issuer's resources and their use, in particular, the adequacy of expected new lending production 
with the available resources and the Issuer's liquidity needs. 
Pursuant to bank regulatory requirements, the Issuer has to maintain a liquidity cover ratio ("LCR") and a net 
stable funding ratio ("NSFR") of above 100 per cent. The LCR (short term view) is defined as the ratio of 
available highly liquid assets to net cash outflows over the next 30 days, subject to defined stress conditions. 
The NSFR (long term view) requires the available amount of stable funding to exceed the required amount of 
stable funding over the time horizon of one year.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Market Price Risk 
Market price risks consist of the risks to the value of positions due to changes in market parameters including 
interest rates, volatility and exchange rate among others. These risks are quantified as potential losses of 
present value using a present value model that differentiates between risks related to interest rates, options and 
currency rates. Market price risks also include (credit) spread risks. 
If the interest environment changes in an unfavourable manner for the Issuer's business, i.e. if refinancing 
interest rates increase and the Issuer is unable to raise the interest rates it charges its creditors accordingly, this 
might have a negative impact on the Issuer's results and financial situation. 
Market price risks could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's profitability and its ability to make 
payments under the Notes. 
RISK FACTORS SPECIFIC AND MATERIAL TO THE NOTES 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Risks related to the complex structure of certain Notes 
Some Notes are particularly complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do 
not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will 
perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this 
investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
An investment in the Notes may involve a high degree of risk, including the risk that the entire amount invested 
may be lost. The Issuer, will invest in and trade securities and other financial instruments using a variety of 
investment techniques with significant risk characteristics, including the risks arising from the volatility of the 
equity,credit and fixed-income markets, the risks of borrowings and short sales, the risks arising from leverage 
associated with trading in the equity, credit, currency and OTC derivative markets, the illiquidity of derivative 
instruments and the risk of loss from counterparty defaults. No guarantee or representation is made that the 
investment in Notes will be a successful one. The Issuer may utilise investment techniques such as option 
transactions, margin transactions, short sales, leverage, derivatives trading and futures and forward contracts 
to hedge payments due under the Notes, which practices could adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Short selling technique may be used to provide indexation of payments under the Notes. Short selling involves 
selling securities which may or may not be owned and borrowing the same securities for delivery to the 
purchaser, with an obligation to replace the borrowed securities at a later date. Short selling allows the investor 
to benefit from declines in market prices to the extent such declines exceed the transaction costs and the costs 
of borrowing the securities. A short sale creates the risk of an unlimited loss, as the price of the underlying 
security could theoretically increase without limit, thus increasing the cost of buying those securities to cover 
the short position. There can be no assurance that the securities necessary to cover a short position will be 
available for purchase. Purchasing securities to close out the short position can itself cause the price of the 
securities to rise further, thereby exacerbating the loss. 
Modification and risk relating to resolutions of Noteholders 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors and confer significant discretions on the Agent which may be exercised without the consent of the 
Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Agent may, without the consent of Noteholders and without 
regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (a) any modification of any of the provisions of the 
Notes which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law or (b) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in 
place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 15 or Condition 17, as the case may be. 
EU Capital Requirements Regulation and Capital Requirements Directive 
The Luxembourg capital adequacy framework is based on Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms (the Capital Requirements Regulation or CRR) and Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision 
of credit institutions and investment firms (the Capital Requirements Directive or CRD IV) (together, CRD 
IV), which implemented in the EU the framework for new capital and liquidity requirements intended to 
reinforce capital standards and to establish minimum liquidity standards for credit institutions and certain 
investment firms. Certain provisions of the CRD IV are further specified by the European Banking Authority 
(EBA) through technical standards approved by the European Commission as delegated acts. 
The Capital Requirements Directive was implemented in Luxembourg by the Luxembourg law of 5 April 1993 
on the financial sector, as amended (the Banking Act 1993).  
The Luxembourg financial sector supervisory authority (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, 
the CSSF) has supplemented the Banking Act 1993 by adopting certain regulations. 
Under CRD IV, institutions are required to hold a minimum amount of regulatory capital expressed in risk 
weighted assets (RWA). In addition to these minimum "own funds" requirements under CRD IV, supervisors 
may require extra capital to cover other risks (thereby increasing the regulatory minimum required under CRD 
IV) and the Issuer may also decide to hold an additional amount of capital. CRD IV also introduced a number 
of capital buffers for additional risks that institutions, such as the Issuer, may be subject to. These buffers 
comprise: (i) the capital conservation buffer, (ii) the global systemically important institutions (G-SIIs) buffer, 
(iii) the other systemically important institutions (O-SIIs) buffer, (iv) the systemic risk buffer and (v) the 
institution-specific countercyclical capital buffer.  
The Issuer has not been designated a G-SII. However, according to CSSF Regulation N°22-07 of 30 November 
2022 concerning systemically important institutions authorised in Luxembourg, the Issuer has been qualified 
by the CSSF as an O-SII within the meaning of article 59-3 of the Banking Act 1993 on the financial sector 
(as amended) due to its contribution to the Luxembourg economy, its exposure to the real estate market and 
its large base of Luxembourg deposits. The Issuer's O-SII buffer rate has been set at 0.5% as from 1 January 
2023. 
The Luxembourg capital adequacy framework has evolved as a result of the changes adopted by the EU 
legislators. On 7 June 2019, as part of the contemplated amendments to, among others, the CRR and CRD IV 
Directive, the following legislative texts were published in the European Union's Official Journal: 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures 
to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements (such 
amended act, CRR II),

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the BRRD) as 
regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms 
(such amended act, BRRD II), 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund 
(the SRMR) as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms (such amended act, SRMR II), and 
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
the CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures (such 
amended act, CRD V and, together with CRR II, BRRD II and SRMR II, the Banking Reforms). 
The Banking Reforms introduced, among other things, the Total Loss Absorbing Capacity Term (TLAC) 
standard as implemented by the Financial Stability Board, by adapting, among others, the existing regime 
relating to the specific minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL). BRRD II and 
CRD V have been implemented into Luxembourg law by the Luxembourg act dated 20 May 2021 amending, 
among others, the Banking Act 1993 and the Resolution Law.  
Regulatory action in the event of a failure of the Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of the Notes  
The Basel Committee 
The Basel Committee has been working on several policy and supervisory measures that aim to enhance the 
reliability and comparability of risk-weighted capital ratios and on 7 December 2017 finalised the Basel III 
post-crisis reforms, adopted by the Group of Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS), with the aim to 
strengthen certain components of the regulatory framework. This includes the revised standardised approaches 
(credit and operational risk), review of the capital floor of the IRB framework and a leverage ratio surcharge 
buffer for global systemically important banks, such as G-SIIs at the EU level. In December 2017, the GHOS 
also announced an extension of the implementation timetable for the revised framework for minimum capital 
requirements for market risk published in January 2016, from 1 January 2019 to 1 January 2022 to allow a 
number of issues identified in the course of monitoring the implementation and expected impact of the 
framework to be addressed. 
The new framework is in the process of being finalised for all the relevant work streams. The new setup will 
have a revolutionary impact on risk modelling: directly on the exposures assessed via standardised approach, 
but also indirectly on internal ratings based approach (IRB) RWA, due to the introduction of a new output 
floor (72.5% of the total risk-weighted assets using only the standardised approach). Also for counterparty 
exposures (generated by derivatives) the Basel Committee has retained internal models, but subject to a floor 
based on a percentage of the applicable standardised approach. Moreover, in the context of the revision of 
Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA) risk framework, the revised framework provides for the adoption of a 
standardised approach and basic approach.  
The implementation date for the reforms is 1 January 2025, but the output floor will be gradually introduced 
from 1 January 2025 over a period of 5 years. In practice, this means that the output floor will gradually 
increase over this period, from a starting value of 50% to its final value of 72.5%.  
On 14 January 2019, GHOS endorsed a set of revisions to the market risk framework. In March 2020, GHOS 
further deferred the implementation date of the revised market risk framework to 1 January 2023, in line with 
changes to the implementation date of the December 2017 final Basel III post-crisis reforms, in order to provide

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
banks and supervisors additional capacity to respond to the impact of Covid-19. The implementation of this 
new risk assessment framework may impact the calculation of BCEE's risk-weighted assets and consequently 
its capital ratios. 
In October 2021, the European Commission adopted legislative proposals for further amendments to CRR, 
CRD IV and the BRRD (the 2021 Banking Package). Amongst other things, the 2021 Banking Package would 
implement certain elements of Basel III that have not yet been transposed into EU law. The 2021 Banking 
Package includes: 
• 
a proposal for a Regulation (sometimes known as "CRR III") to make amendments to CRR with regard 
to (amongst other things) requirements on credit risk, credit valuation adjustment risk, operational 
risk, market risk and the output floor; 
• 
a proposal for a Directive (sometimes known as "CRD VI") to make amendments to CRD IV with 
regard to (amongst other things) requirements on supervisory powers, sanctions, third-country 
branches and ESG risks; and 
• 
a proposal for a Regulation to make amendments to CRR and the BRRD with regard to (amongst other 
things) requirements on the prudential treatment of G-SII groups with a multiple point of entry 
resolution strategy and a methodology for the indirect subscription of instruments eligible for meeting 
the MREL requirements (the Daisy-Chain Proposal), following which the European Parliament and 
the Council adopted on 19 October 2022 Regulation (EU) 2022/2036 amending CRR and BRRD, 
which partially started to apply on 14 November 2022.. 
The European Council reached its position on the other proposals of the 2021 Banking Package on 8 November 
2022, whereas the European Parliament’s Economics and Monetary Affairs Committee adopted the proposed 
CRD VI and CRR III on 24 January 2023. Trilogue discussion with the European Council and the European 
Commission began in March 2023. 
The 2021 Banking Package remains subject to amendments in the course of the EU's legislative process and 
its scope and terms may still change prior to its implementation. In addition, in the case of the proposed 
amendments to CRD IV and the BRRD, their terms and effect will depend, in part, on how they are transposed 
in each Member State. As a general matter, it is likely to be a number of years until the 2021 Banking Package 
(except for the Daisy-Chain Proposal) begins to be implemented and certain measures are expected to be 
subject to transitional arrangements or to be phased in over time. Accordingly, it is currently not possible to 
predict the potential impact of the 2021 Banking Package on the Issuer. 
EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
BRRD is designed to provide the relevant resolution authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing relevant entity. This is to ensure the continuity of the 
relevant entity's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of a relevant entity's 
failure on the economy and financial system.  
BRRD has been implemented in Luxembourg by the law of 18 December 2015 on the failure of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (the Resolution Law) which entered into force on 28 
December 2015. In line with BRRD II, the Resolution Law gives power to the CSSF in its capacity as a 
supervisory authority to take certain early intervention measures and gives power to the CSSF as the 
Luxembourg resolution authority and acknowledges the power of the SRB (as defined below) as central 
resolution authority within the banking union to implement resolution measures. 
BRRD II (and accordingly in Luxembourg the Resolution Law) contains four resolution tools which may be 
used by the relevant resolution authorities alone or in combination where a relevant entity is considered as 
failing or likely to fail:

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
(a) 
sale of business – which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the relevant entity or the 
whole or part of its business on commercial terms; 
(b) 
bridge institution – which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
relevant entity to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in 
public control); 
(c) 
asset separation – which enables resolution authorities to transfer assets to one or more publicly owned 
asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed and with a view to maximising their value 
through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and 
(d) 
bail-in – which gives resolution authorities the power to write-down certain claims of unsecured 
creditors of a failing relevant entity and/or to convert certain unsecured debt claims including Senior 
Notes and Subordinated Notes to equity (the Bail-In Tool), which equity could also be subject to any 
future write-down. See "Bail-in tool under BRRD II and the Resolution Law" below for more details. 
BRRD II also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and utilised the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the 
public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must 
be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
BRRD II also grants powers to enable the relevant resolution authorities to implement the resolution tools, 
including the power to replace or substitute the relevant institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, 
the power to modify the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest 
payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), and/or the power to discontinue the listing and 
admission to trading of financial instruments. 
A relevant entity will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; when its assets are, or are likely in the near future 
to be, less than its liabilities; when it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall 
due; or when it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
The resolution tools are intended to be used prior to the point at which any insolvency proceedings with respect 
to the relevant entity could have been initiated and only upon the relevant resolution authorities, i.e. the CSSF, 
acting in its capacity as resolution authority for Luxembourg, being satisfied that the relevant conditions for 
resolution contained in BRRD II have been met. The use of such tools, or perceived likelihood of them being 
used, could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Bail-in tool under BRRD and the Resolution Law 
The Bail-In Tool as required to be implemented under BRRD II has been implemented by the Resolution Law 
in Luxembourg. The Bail-In Tool can be used to recapitalise a relevant entity that is failing or likely to fail, 
allowing resolution authorities (including the CSSF in Luxembourg under the Resolution Law) to restructure 
it through the resolution process and restore its viability after reorganisation and restructuring. The Bail-In 
Tool can be used to impose losses on holders of Notes by effecting the cancellation of all, or a portion, of the 
principal amount of, interest on, or any other amounts payable on, the Notes, as applicable, and/or the 
conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, interest on, or any other amounts payable on the 
Notes, as applicable, into shares or other equity instruments of the Issuer or another person, including by means 
of a variation to the terms of the Notes, in each case, to give effect to the exercise by the relevant resolution 
authority of such Bail-In Tool. This may result in holders of Notes losing some or all of their investment. Any 
indication or perception that Notes will become subject to a Bail-In Tool could have an adverse effect on the 
market price of the relevant Notes. With respect to the Issuer, as confirmed by the Luxembourg act dated 20

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
May 2021, the conversion of the Notes into equity shall mean the conversion into the participation certificates 
(certificats participatifs) issued by the Issuer.  
Loss absorption at the point of non-viability under BRRD II (and accordingly in Luxembourg the Resolution 
Law) and SRMR II 
The powers provided in BRRD II and SRMR II to the relevant resolution authorities (including the SRB (as 
defined below), in cooperation with the CSSF) include mandatory write-down and conversion powers in 
respect of capital instruments, to ensure that relevant capital instruments (as the Subordinated Notes and the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes) fully absorb losses at the point of non-viability of the issuing entity and before 
any other resolution action is taken. 
For the purposes of the application of the mandatory write-down and conversion power, the point of non-
viability under BRRD II and SRMR II is the point at which (i) the relevant resolution authority determines that 
the relevant entity meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or (ii) the 
relevant authority or authorities, as the case may be, determine(s) that the relevant entity or its group will no 
longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written down or converted into ordinary shares or 
(iii) extraordinary public financial support is required by the relevant entity other than, where the entity is an 
institution, for the purposes of remedying a serious disturbance in the economy of an EEA Member State and 
to preserve financial stability. 
Holders of Subordinated Notes and the Senior Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity 
on application of such mandatory write-down or conversion powers (without requiring such holders' consent), 
which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. Any indication or perception that 
Notes will become subject to such non-viability loss absorption measure could have an adverse effect on the 
market price of the relevant Notes. 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
BRRD II (implemented in Luxembourg by the Resolution Law) is complemented by the directly binding 
SRMR II. 
SRMR II applies to institutions covered by the SSM. According to the selection criteria of the ECB, the Issuer 
has been identified as a "significant bank" and is thus centrally supervised under the SSM. 
SRMR II applies to the Issuer as a primary recovery and resolution code instead of the Luxembourg 
implementation measures relating to BRRD II, including in particular the Resolution Law. SRMR II 
establishes a single European resolution board (consisting of representatives from the ECB, the European 
Commission and the relevant national resolution authorities) (the SRB) having resolution powers over the 
entities that are subject to SRMR II, thus replacing or exceeding the powers of the national resolution 
authorities. The SRB is required to draw up and adopt a resolution plan for the entities subject to its powers, 
including the Issuer. It will also determine, after consultation with competent authorities, MREL requirements 
subject to write-down and conversion powers which the Issuer will be required to meet at all times. The SRB 
has determined the MREL targets for the Issuer at consolidated level by a decision of the Board in its Executive 
Session as of 15 November 2021. The binding MREL determination by the SRB shall be met at all times.  
When early intervention measures, as set forth in BRRD II, are triggered by the national competent authorities, 
the SRB can also use certain powers of early intervention as set forth in SRMR II, including the power to 
require an institution to contact potential purchasers in order to prepare for resolution of institution. 
The SRB has the authority to exercise the specific resolution powers pursuant to SRMR II similar to those of 
the national resolution authorities under BRRD II (i.e. for Luxembourg the CSSF in accordance with the 
Resolution Law). These specific resolution powers include the sale of business tool, the bridge institution tool, 
the asset separation tool, the Bail-In Tool and the mandatory write-down and conversion power in respect of 
capital instruments. The use of one or more of these tools will be included in a resolution scheme to be adopted

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
by the SRB. National resolution authorities (i.e. for Luxembourg the CSSF in accordance with the Resolution 
Law) will remain responsible for the execution of the resolution scheme according to the instructions of the 
SRB. 
The provisions relating to resolution plans and cooperation between the SRB and the national resolution 
authorities have been applied as of 1 January 2015. The resolution powers of the SRB took effect from 1 
January 2016. 
Effect of the resolution powers under BRRD II and SRMR II 
The resolution powers under BRRD II (as implemented in the relevant EU Member State, notably for the 
Issuer in Luxembourg by the Resolution Law) and SRMR II impact on how credit institutions and investment 
firms in the EU are managed as well as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. The exercise of any 
such resolution power, including the power of the Bail-In Tool under BRRD II or SRMR II, as applicable, in 
respect of the Issuer and any Notes issued by the Issuer or any suggestion, or perceived suggestion, of such 
exercise could adversely affect the rights of the holders of such Notes, the price or the value of any Notes 
and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Notes and could lead to the holders of the 
Notes losing some or all of their investment in the Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult 
their own advisors as to the consequences of SRMR II and the implementation of the BRRD, in particular in 
Luxembourg by the Resolution Law. 
Depositor Preference 
BRRD II establishes a preference in the insolvency hierarchy firstly, for insured deposits and secondly, for 
certain other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium sized enterprises held in EEA or non-EEA 
branches of an EEA bank ("the other preferred deposits"). In addition, a new EU deposit guarantee schemes 
directive (Directive 2014/49/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 of 16 April 
2014 on deposit guarantee schemes) (the DGSD), which has been implemented in Luxembourg by the 
Resolution Law, increases the nature and quantum of insured deposits to include a wide range of deposits, 
including corporate deposits (unless the depositor is a public authority or financial institution) and some 
temporary high value deposits. The effect of these changes is generally to increase the size of the class of 
preferred creditors. All such preferred deposits rank in the insolvency hierarchy ahead of all other unsecured 
senior creditors of the Issuer, including the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. Furthermore, insured deposits are excluded from the scope of the Bail-In Tool. As a result, the Notes 
issued by the Issuer would be more likely to be bailed-in than certain other unsubordinated liabilities of the 
Issuer such as other preferred deposits. 
In addition, on 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a legislative package proposal to adjust and 
strengthen the European Union’s existing bank crisis management and deposit insurance framework (the 
CMDI Proposal). The CMDI Proposal provides for amendments to the BRRD and SRM Regulation 
frameworks as well as a separate legislative proposal to amend the DGSD, all with the aim of preserving 
financial stability, protecting taxpayers' money and providing better protection for depositors (including new 
rules that foresee that all deposits relating to ordinary unsecured claims are preferred).  
If the CMDI Proposal is implemented in its current form, this would mean that the Senior Notes (including the 
Senior Preferred Notes) will rank junior to the claims of all depositors, including deposits of large corporates 
and other deposits that are currently excluded from such privileged claims. Any such general depositor 
preference would also impact upon any application of the Bail-in Power, as such application is to be carried 
out in the order of the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, this would mean 
that following any such amendment of the insolvency laws of Luxembourg to establish a general depositor 
preference, any resulting write-down or conversion of the Senior Notes (including the Senior Preferred Notes) 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority would be carried out before any write-down or conversion of the claims 
of depositors such as those of large corporates that, with the current bail-in regime, would have been written-
down or converted alongside the Senior Notes. By removing the requirement for such deposits to be written-
down or converted in this manner, one of the stated objectives of this proposed amendment is to reduce the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
likelihood of deposits generally needing to be included in any such write-down or conversion upon any 
application of the Bail-in Power and improve the process for the application of the Bail-in Power. However, 
this may have the corresponding impact of increasing the likelihood of any write-down or conversion of the 
Senior Notes (including the Senior Preferred Notes). As such, there may be an increased risk of an investor in 
Senior Notes (including the Senior Preferred Notes) losing all or some of their investment. The proposal, if 
implemented, may also lead to a rating downgrade for Senior Notes (including the Senior Preferred Notes). 
Nevertheless, the CMDI Proposal is subject to further discussion by the European Parliament and the Council 
and, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, there is a high degree of uncertainty with regards to the ultimate 
substance of the proposed adjustments and when they will be finally implemented in the European Union. 
Therefore, the exact impact of these adjustments and the potential effects on the Issuer cannot be assessed yet. 
Waiver of set-off rights 
The terms of the Notes provide that Noteholders waive any set-off, netting, compensation or retention rights 
against any right, claim or liability the Issuer has, may have or acquires against any Noteholder, directly or 
indirectly, howsoever arising. As a result, Noteholders will not at any time be entitled to set-off the Issuer's 
obligations under such Notes against obligations owed by them to the Issuer.  
US Withholding Tax under Section 871(m) 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended imposes a 30 per cent. withholding 
tax on amounts attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or "deemed paid" under certain financial 
instruments if certain conditions are met (such instruments referred to as "Specified Notes"). If the Issuer or 
any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent 
will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. Prospective investors 
should refer to the section "Taxation – U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding".  
For purposes of withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, commonly known as 
FATCA, Specified Notes are subject to a different grandfathering rule than other Notes. Prospective investors 
should refer to the section "Taxation – Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act". Investors should consult their 
tax adviser regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) Regulations to their investment in the Notes. 
FATCA and CRS 
Under the terms of the FATCA Law and CRS Law (as defined below), the Issuer is likely to be treated as a 
Luxembourg Reporting Financial Institution. As such, the Issuer may require all investors to provide 
documentary evidence of their tax residence and all other information deemed necessary to comply with the 
above mentioned regulations.  
Should the Issuer become subject to a withholding tax and/or penalties as a result of non-compliance under 
the FATCA Law and/or penalties as a result of non-compliance under the CRS Law, the value of the Notes 
held by all holders of Notes may be materially affected. 
Furthermore, the Issuer may also be required to withhold tax on certain payments to its investors which would 
not be compliant with FATCA (i.e. the so-called foreign passthru payments withholding tax obligation). 
Investors who hold less than the minimum the Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green 
assets 
The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) relating to any specific Tranche of Notes 
may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically 
for projects and/or activities that promote climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (either in those 
words or otherwise) (Green Projects). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information in the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement 
in the case of Exempt Notes) regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance 
of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds together with any other 
investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any of their respective affiliates (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) or the Arranger that the use of 
such proceeds to particular loans and investments that are the subject of, or related to, the Green Projects will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether 
by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own governing documents or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect "green", "environmental", "sustainable", 
or "social" impact of any loans and investments and projects that are the subject of, or related to, the Green 
Projects.  
None of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) or the 
Arranger shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Green Projects, (ii) any verification of whether the 
Green Projects fall within an investor’s requirements or expectations of a "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable", "social" or equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of the use of proceeds 
in respect of any such Green Bonds. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" 
or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as "green", "environmental", "sustainable" or "social" or such other equivalent label and if developed 
in the future, such Green Bonds may not comply with any such definition or label.  
A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the publication in the 
Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 18 June 2020 (the "Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy"). The EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the implementation by the 
European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for the environmental 
objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. On 21 April 2021, the European 
Commission approved the first delegated act and the Delegated Regulation supplementing Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council (the "EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act") was 
formally adopted on 4 June 2021. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act is aimed at supporting sustainable

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
investment by making it clear which economic activities most contribute to the EU’s environmental objectives. 
The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act sets out criteria for economic activities in the sectors that are most 
relevant for achieving climate neutrality and delivering on climate change adaptation. This includes sectors 
such as energy, forestry, manufacturing, transport and buildings. Criteria for other environmental objectives 
will follow in a later delegated act, in line with mandates in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. 
Until all criteria for such objectives have been developed and disclosed it is not known whether the Green 
Projects will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once 
all criteria is established, is not certain. 
In addition, prospective investors should have regard to, if and to the extent finally approved and, to the extent 
applicable to the Notes, the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on European green 
bonds, a draft of which was proposed by the European Commission on 6 July 2021 with reference 
2021/0191(COD) (the draft European Green Bond Regulation). The draft European Green Bond 
Regulation, includes a set of requirements that bonds and notes shall comply with in order to be labelled as 
“European Green Bonds”. However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is unclear whether or not (i) the 
draft European Green Bond Regulation will be finally approved; and (ii) the draft European Green Bond 
Regulation will be subject to modifications or amendments before its approval. Therefore, no assurance is or 
can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any eligible projects will meet 
any or all investor expectations or any other requirements regarding such "green", "social" or "sustainable" or 
other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or requirements (including, without limitation, the 
requirements envisaged in the draft European Green Bond Regulation, if and to the extent finally approved) 
or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any 
projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any eligible projects. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, 
any Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "sustainable" or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts 
will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green 
Projects. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (other 
than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) or the Arranger as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may 
be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with the Green Projects 
to fulfil any "green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, 
any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer or any of the Dealers to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds or that the Green Projects fulfil any 
"green", "environmental", "sustainable", "social" and/or other criteria. Any such opinion or certification is only 
current as at the date that opinion or certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. Investors in such Green Bonds shall have no recourse against the Issuer, the Dealers or 
any of their respective affiliates (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer), the Arranger or the provider 
of such opinion or certification for the contents of such opinion or certification. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market (whether or not regulated), or are included in any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled index or indices, no representation or assurance is given 
by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) or 
the Arranger or any other person that such listing or admission or inclusion in such index or indices satisfies, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability 
or social impact of any loans and investments and projects that are the subject of or related to, the Green 
Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another and also the criteria for inclusion in such index 
or indices may vary from one index to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) or the 
Arranger or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading or inclusion in such index or indices 
will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading or 
inclusion in such index or indices will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Green Projects in, or 
substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt 
Notes), there can be no assurance that the relevant intended project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, 
any Green Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed 
for such Green Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Green Projects will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not (i) give rise to any claim 
of a Noteholder against the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the right to accelerate the Green 
Bonds); (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the Green Bonds; or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer 
to redeem such Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise 
any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green Bonds or (iv) affect the regulatory treatment of such 
Green Bonds as Tier 2 capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL (as applicable) if such Green 
Bonds are also Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes in respect of which 
MREL Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. For the avoidance 
of doubt, payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds shall not depend 
on the performance of the projects included in the Green Projects. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects as aforesaid and/or 
withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is 
not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or 
certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or 
securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also 
potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green Projects and/or result in adverse 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including SOFR, SONIA, SARON and €STR) as 
reference rates 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as SOFR, 
SONIA, SARON and €STR, as reference rates in the capital markets for U.S. dollar, Sterling, Swiss franc and 
Euro bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. This relates 
not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the 
issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might 
be adopted. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups have been working together to design alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including applying term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek 
to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as 
they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free rates

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
issued under this Programme. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities such 
as the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of notes 
referencing rates that are more widely used. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SARON 
Compounded, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR or 
Compounded Daily €STR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any 
previous SARON Compounded, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average 
SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR referenced Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of 
risk-free rates for the eurobond markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from 
time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in notes linked to 
such risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including 
the compounding formula in the Terms and Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, 
the methodology for determining any overnight rate index used to determine the Rate of Interest in respect of 
certain Notes could change during the life of such Notes. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing such 
risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, 
and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. 
Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market 
and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. 
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical 
performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely on hypothetical 
or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes 
which reference SARON Compounded, Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted 
Average SOFR or Compounded Daily €STR. 
A Noteholder's actual yield on the Notes may be reduced from the stated yield by transaction costs 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees and 
commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security. These incidental costs may 
significantly reduce or even exclude the profit potential of the Notes. 
For instance, credit institutions as a rule charge their clients for own commissions which are either fixed 
minimum commissions or pro-rata commissions depending on the order value. To the extent that additional – 
domestic or foreign – parties are involved in the execution of an order, including but not limited to domestic 
dealers or brokers in foreign markets, Noteholders must take into account that they may also be charged for 
the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of such parties (third party costs). 
In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of securities (direct costs), Noteholders must also take 
into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees). Investors should inform themselves about any

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
additional costs incurred in connection with the purchase, custody or sale of the Notes before investing in the 
Notes. 
A Noteholder's effective yield on the Notes may be diminished by the tax impact on that Noteholder, as the 
case may be, of its investment in the Notes 
Payments of interest on the Notes, or profits realised by the Noteholder, as the case may be, upon the sale or 
repayment of the Notes, may be subject to taxation in its home jurisdiction or in other jurisdictions in which it 
is required to pay taxes. The tax impact on Noteholders generally is described under "Taxation" below; 
however, the tax impact on an individual Noteholder may differ from the situation described for Noteholders 
generally. The Issuer advises all investors to contact their own tax advisers for advice on the tax impact of an 
investment in the Notes. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
The second market generally 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies, are being issued to a single 
investor or a limited number of investors or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors.  These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market 
and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.  In addition, should the Issuer be in financial 
distress, this is likely to have a further significant impact on the secondary market for the Notes and investors 
may have to sell their Notes at a substantial discount to their principal amount. 
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events 
The market for debt securities issued by banks is influenced by economic and market conditions and, to varying 
degrees, market conditions, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation rates in other European and 
other industrialised countries. There can be no assurance that events in Europe or elsewhere will not cause 
market volatility or that such volatility will not adversely affect the price of Notes or that economic and market 
conditions will not have any other adverse effect. 
Exchange rate risks 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding.  In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (a) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes,

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
(b) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (c) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes.  The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes.  A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  Such general restriction will also apply in the case 
of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an 
EU registered or UK registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances).  If 
the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes, European regulated investors may no longer be able 
to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may 
result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any 
secondary market.  The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  Certain information with respect to the 
credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Prospectus. 
Credit rating agencies including Moody's, Standard & Poor's and others could seek to rate the Notes without 
having been requested to do so by the Issuer and if such unsolicited ratings are lower or higher than the 
comparable ratings assigned to the Notes by Fitch, Moody's and Standard & Poor's, those unsolicited ratings 
could have an effect on the market value and/or liquidity of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, all references 
to ratings in this Prospectus are to ratings by the specified rating agencies only. 
Interests of the Dealers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's 
affiliates.  Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically,

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme.  Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices 
of Notes issued under the Programme.  The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgments 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by 
the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular feature of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common 
features. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Notes (including Redemption for Tax Reasons and Capital Event 
Redemption) is likely to limit their market value.  During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem, or 
is perceived to have the ability to redeem, Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes or where it is otherwise economically incentivised to redeem (for example following a change in 
applicable regulatory or tax treatment of the Notes).  At those times, an investor generally would not be able 
to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Risks relating to Automatic Early Redemption of the Notes 
In the case of Notes that include an Automatic Early Redemption feature, the longer the time remaining until 
the scheduled maturity date of the Notes, the higher the probability that an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
will occur. 
In the event that the relevant level, value or price of an underlying reference asset(s) (the Underlying 
Reference(s)) approaches the level that triggers the Automatic Early Redemption Event, the Noteholder may 
not be able to sell the Notes in the secondary market before the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event (see also "The secondary market generally" above). If the Underlying Reference is listed on a different 
exchange to that on which the Notes are listed, the Automatic Early Redemption Event may occur outside the 
normal trading hours of the exchange on which the Notes are listed. In this case, the Noteholder may not have 
an opportunity to sell the Notes in the secondary market before the Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Risk of Loss Following Automatic Early Redemption of the Notes 
In the case of Notes that include an Automatic Early Redemption feature, if the relevant level, value or price 
of the Underlying Reference(s) reaches the level that triggers the Automatic Early Redemption Event, the 
product will automatically redeem before the scheduled maturity date. Depending on the applicable payout the 
Noteholder may lose some or all of their investment in the Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted notes 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than 
on the prices of ordinary notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market 
interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other notes having the same 
maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated 
with a particularly high price risk 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to changes in 
market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate Notes  
A key difference between (i) Floating Rate Notes and (ii) Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating 
Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite 
yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be 
compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market 
interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower 
interest rates then prevailing. 
Risks in relation to the interest derived on Range Accrual Notes 
Investors should also note that the Coupon Amount payable in respect of Range Accrual Notes will depend on 
the frequency with which the Range Accrual Reference Rate falls between Lower Range and the Upper Range 
during the relevant Interest Period.  The fewer the number of days the Range Accrual Reference Rate falls in 
this range during the relevant Interest Period, the lower the relevant interest in respect of such Interest Period.  
As a result, the interest amounts payable in respect of the Range Accrual Notes (and therefore the market value 
of the Range Accrual Notes) may be more volatile than for securities that do not include this feature. 
Range Accrual Notes bearing or paying a floating or other variable rate of interest either will pay or, depending 
on the fulfilment of certain conditions, may pay a variable amount of interest on specified interest payment 
dates. Range Accrual Notes which bear or pay floating or other variable interest rates can be volatile 
investments. Investors who purchase Range Accrual Notes with a floating or other variable rate of interest, 
will be exposed to the risk of a fluctuating rate of interest and consequently variable interest amounts. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of the 
issue price could lose all of his investment. 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment.  Any failure by an 
investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could result in such investor 
losing all of his investment.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate 
such as EURIBOR.  The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable 
terms).  Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only 
decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which 
further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Physical Delivery Notes involve specific risks linked to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event 
The value of Notes to be settled by way of physical delivery may be affected and/or the settlement of such 
Notes may be delayed if in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Asset Amount (being the 
amount of relevant asset relating to each Note as set out in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case 
of Exempt Notes)) using the method of delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement 
in the case of Exempt Notes), or such other commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has 
determined, is impracticable because a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing on the 
Delivery Date. A Settlement Disruption Event is an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the specified assets to be delivered by or on behalf of the 
Issuer is not practicable.  
Risks related to Structured Notes 
General risks relating to Structured Notes 
An investment in Notes, the premium and/or the interest on or principal of which is determined by reference 
to one or more values of interest rates, shares or other indices or formulae, either directly or inversely, may 
entail significant risks not associated with similar investments in a conventional debt security, including the 
risks that the resulting interest rate will be less than that payable on a conventional debt security at the same 
time and/or that an investor may lose the value of its entire investment or part of it, as the case may be. Neither 
the current nor the historical value of the relevant interest rates, shares or other indices or formulae should be 
taken as an indication of future performance of such interest rates, shares or other indices or formulae during 
the term of any Notes. 
No Claim against any Underlying Reference  
A Note will not represent a claim against any underlying reference asset(s) (defined above) to which the 
amount of principal and/or interest payable or amount of specified assets deliverable in respect of the Notes is 
dependent and, in the event that the amount paid by the Issuer or value of the specified assets delivered on 
redemption of the Notes is less than the principal amount of the Notes, a Noteholder will not have recourse 
under a Note to any Underlying Reference. In addition, investing in a Note will not entitle the Noteholder to 
benefit from a voting right (if any) attached to an Underlying Reference. 
An investment in Notes linked to one or more Underlying Reference may entail significant risks not associated 
with investments in conventional debt securities, including but not limited to the risks set out in this section 
"Risks related to the structure of a particular issues of Notes". The amount paid or value of the specified assets 
delivered by the Issuer on redemption of such Notes may be less than the principal amount of the Notes, 
together with any accrued interest, and may in certain circumstances be zero. 
Limited Exposure to Underlying Reference 
If the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) provide that the exposure 
of any Index Linked Redemption Notes, Equity Linked Redemption Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes, 
Credit Linked Notes, and other Notes linked to one or more Underlying References is limited or capped to a

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
certain level or amount, such Notes will not benefit from any upside in the value of any such Underlying 
References beyond such limit or cap. 
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such benchmarks  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be benchmarks (including the London interbank offered rate 
(LIBOR) and the Euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR) are the subject of national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are 
still to be implemented. These reforms have resulted in the cessation of certain benchmarks, including Sterling 
LIBOR and Japanese Yen LIBOR, the cessation of US Dollar LIBOR by 30 June 2023 and may cause other 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation 
methods or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material 
adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a benchmark.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation) applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark 
within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, 
if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered 
(or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmark Regulation has been amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 27 November 2019 by extending the transitional provisions applicable to material 
benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 further amends the Benchmark Regulation and introduces 
a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks by conferring the power 
to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the European Commission, such replacement 
being limited to contracts and financial instruments. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third 
country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further 
extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary.  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, 
in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their investment or receive less income. 
There is continued regulatory scrutiny of use of inter-bank offered rates (IBORs) and increasing pressure and 
momentum for banks and other financial institutions to transition relevant products to replacement rates. 
Different currency LIBORs have been or are being transitioned to different rates which, in contrast to IBORs 
(which include an interbank lending risk margin) may be (or may be derived from) risk-free rates, which may 
perform very differently from the relevant IBOR.  
For example, in the case of floating rate eurobonds: 
• 
bonds which would traditionally have referenced CHF-LIBOR are now referencing the SARON; 
• 
bonds which would traditionally have referenced GBP-LIBOR are now referencing the SONIA; 
• 
bonds which would traditionally have referenced USD-LIBOR are now referencing the SOFR; and 
• 
bonds which would traditionally have referenced EURIBOR may move towards referencing the new 
€STR (although a reformed EURIBOR rate will continue to be published).

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
The replacement risk-free rates referenced above operate on a backward-looking basis (predominantly on the 
basis of a daily compounding calculation, although weighted average alternatives have been seen in certain 
rates), rather than forward-looking term rates. While forward-looking term rates based on certain of these risk-
free rates have been or are being developed, it is uncertain whether the capital markets will move to referencing 
those term rates for public bond issues, or if the regulators will allow such adoption. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Specifically, the euro risk free-rate 
working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations for 
fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) 
referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference 
EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area 
financial system. On 25 November 2020, the euro risk-free rate working group published consultations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. The final recommendations were published on 11 May 
2021. The recommended fallback triggers include both cessation and pre-cessation triggers, including, inter 
alia, permanent cessation, non-representativeness and (potentially) unlawfulness triggers (the working group 
recommended against a material change in the EURIBOR methodology as defined by the European Money 
Markets Institute (EMMI) being an automatic trigger). For debt securities, based on support for the proposals 
from the public consultation and issuances already observed in the capital markets, the working group 
recommended the replacement rate to be €STR with a backward-looking lookback period methodology (with 
an observation shift methodology, although use of the lag approach was considered a robust alternative) and 
applying an adjustment spread based on a five-year historical median methodology. 
In addition, EMMI as administrator of EURIBOR has launched a forward-looking term rate EFTERM as 
alternative to and as a new fallback rate for EURIBOR. It is therefore currently not foreseeable whether 
EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently and beyond 2025. 
The EMMI, as administrator of the EURIBOR, has developed a hybrid methodology for the determination of 
EURIBOR that takes into account current transaction data, historical transaction data and modelled data based 
on expert opinions and has obtained regulatory authorisation under the Benchmarks Regulation for the 
EURIBOR so calculated. However, since reference rates relying on expert opinion and modelled data are 
widely regarded as potentially less representative than reference rates determined in a fully transaction-based 
approach and because central banks, supervisory authorities, expert groups and relevant markets tend to prefer 
the use of risk-free overnight interest rates with a broad and active underlying market as reference rates, there 
is a risk that the use or provision of EURIBOR may come to an end in the medium or long term. 
Separately, the FCA has indicated through a series of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the 
current basis cannot and would not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, published a statement confirming its intention to 
cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA 
exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed 
methodology. Concurrently, the FCA published a statement on the future cessation and loss of 
representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will 
cease publication (the FCA announcement). Permanent cessation has occurred immediately after 31 
December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar 
LIBOR settings and shall occur immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In 
relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese 
Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require 
IBA to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 
2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings 
will no longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure 
immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and 
immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the 
Japanese Yen LIBOR settings has also permanently ceased at the end of 2022.  On 3 April 2023, the FCA

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
exercised its powers to require IBA to continue publishing the 1-, 3- and 6-month USD LIBOR settings until 
30 September 2024, using an unrepresentative ‘synthetic’ methodology. 
The potential transition from IBORs to risk-free or other rates or benchmarks, the cessation of a benchmark or 
changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark could require an adjustment to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, or result in other consequences, in respect of any Notes referencing such benchmark. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) also the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) occurs in respect of the Original Reference Rate 
or other relevant reference rate and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any other 
successor service) becomes unavailable.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
successor or alternative rate, together with the application of an Adjustment Spread or Benchmark 
Amendments (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions), and may include amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the new benchmark, all as determined by the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser) and as more fully described at Condition 
4.2(j). It is possible that the adoption of a successor or alternative rate, including any Adjustment Spread or 
Benchmark Amendments, may result in a rate of interest less favourable to holders than the Original Reference 
Rate.  
There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as expected or as intended at the 
relevant time. 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest 
on Floating Rate Notes which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-
back provisions applicable to such Notes. Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be 
determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the benchmark 
was available.  Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, 
any Floating Rate Notes which reference a benchmark.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark.  
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Notes such as Index Linked 
Redemption Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes or other notes linked to an Underlying Reference. In 
particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and 
may lose some or all of the principal amount invested by it 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in respect of the Notes being determined by 
reference to an index (including an inflation index) or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or 
commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or other factors (each, a Relevant Factor).  Potential 
investors should be aware that: 
(a) 
the market price of such Notes may be very volatile; 
(b) 
they may receive no interest;

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
(c) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(d) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(e) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices or may cease to exist or be published; 
(f) 
the effect of any multiplier or leverage factor that is applied to the Relevant Factor is that the impact 
of any changes in the Relevant Factor on the amounts of principal or interest payable likely will be 
magnified; and 
(g) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, 
the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index should not be viewed as an indication of the future performance of such 
index during the term of any Index Linked Redemption Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes.  Accordingly, 
each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an 
investment in any Index Linked Redemption Notes or Inflation Linked Interest Notes and the suitability of 
such Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
The particular risks involved in an investment in Index Linked Redemption Notes or other notes linked to an 
Underlying Reference include volatility, effects of leverage and the loss of part of or all principal amount 
invested 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal payable is dependent upon the level of an index or 
indices, or upon a formula encompassing a combination of a number of components, which can be indices or 
securities or derivatives or any other component (Index Linked Redemption Notes). 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Index Linked 
Redemption Notes (i) payment of principal may occur at a different time than expected and (ii) they may lose 
all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
If the amount of principal payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by 
reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of the index or the indices or the 
components of the formula on principal payable will be magnified. The market price of such Notes may be 
volatile and may depend on the time remaining to the redemption date and the volatility of the level of the 
index or indices or of any component of the formula. The level of the index, indices, components or the formula 
may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including but not 
limited to the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any securities comprising the index, indices 
or the formula may be traded. 
Investors in Equity Linked Redemption Notes or other notes linked to an Underlying Reference are exposed 
to volatility risks, leverage risks or performance of the share risks 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal payable is dependent upon the price of, or changes 
in the price of, share(s) or where, depending on the price of or change in the price of shares, on redemption the 
Issuer's obligation is to deliver specified assets (Equity Linked Redemption Notes). 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Equity Linked 
Redemption Notes (i) payment of principal or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time 
than expected and (ii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
If the amount of principal payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by 
reference to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the price of the share(s) on principal payable 
will be magnified. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to the redemption 
date, the volatility of the share(s), the dividend rate (if any) and the financial results and prospects of the issuer 
or issuers of the relevant share(s) as well as economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any such shares 
may be traded. 
There are specific risks associated with an investment in Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of interest payable is dependent upon changes in the level of 
inflation (Inflation Linked Interest Notes). 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of interest may occur at a 
different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. In addition, 
the movements in the level of inflation or any component of the formula may be subject to significant 
fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices or similar 
components and the timing of changes in the relevant level of inflation or the components of the formula may 
affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, 
the earlier the change in the level of inflation or result of a formula, the greater the effect on yield. 
If the amount of interest payable is determined in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or by reference 
to some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the level of inflations or the components of the formula 
on interest payable will be magnified. The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may depend on the 
time remaining to the redemption date and the volatility of the level of inflation or of any component of the 
formula. The level of inflation, components or the formula may be affected by the economic, financial and 
political events in one or more jurisdictions, including but not limited to the stock exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) on which any securities comprising the inflation level or the formula may be traded. 
In addition, the decision to purchase Inflation Linked Interest Notes involves complex financial appreciations 
and risks as the inflation cannot be foreseen with any degree of certainty. The yield of Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes may be lower than the yield of non-inflation linked interest notes. The Issuer makes no representation 
as to the tax treatment of such Notes or as to the lawfulness of the purchase of such Notes in any jurisdiction. 
There are specific risks associated with an investment in Credit Linked Notes 
As set out below, an investment in Credit Linked Notes will entail significant risks not associated with a 
conventional debt security. 
Prospective investors in Credit Linked Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Credit Linked 
Notes (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest (or other periodic payments), (ii) payments may 
occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
Investors in Credit Linked Notes should be aware that: 
• 
where physical settlement of Credit Linked Notes applies and holders fail to comply with physical 
settlement requirements, there is a significant risk that they may not receive their entitlement; 
• 
the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA (the ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions) are subject to continuous evolution and require further amendment when reflected in the 
terms of an offering of securities such as the Credit Linked Notes, meaning that the Credit Linked

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
Notes may not conform to future market standards and are not equivalent to investing in a credit default 
swap which incorporates the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions; 
• 
in certain circumstances the Calculation Agent may amend the Additional provisions applicable to 
Credit Linked Notes in relation to a Series of Notes in a way which is unfavourable to investors; 
• 
the Issuer may make adjustments to the Additional provisions applicable to Credit Linked Notes or 
redeem the Credit Linked Notes to account for certain hedging disruption events and in this way have 
an adverse impact on the value of the Credit Linked Notes; 
• 
the Credit Linked Notes may incorporate certain terms of the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement 
Matrix, and it is the responsibility of the investor to ensure that they are familiar with such terms; 
• 
following a Credit Event Determination Date, the Issuer may select an Obligation(s) for delivery or 
valuation which has the lowest value in the market at that time, thereby adversely impacting the return 
(if any) to investors; 
• 
in respect of a Credit Event, the Credit Event Determinations Committee has the power to make 
binding decisions on critical issues and investors will have no control over how such decisions are 
made notwithstanding that they may have a significant impact on the return (if any) to investors. 
The market price of Credit Linked Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, the 
time remaining to the Maturity Date, prevailing credit spreads and the creditworthiness of the relevant 
Reference Entity which in turn may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions. In the event of early redemption of Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit 
Event, the Credit Linked Notes will either (i) cease to bear interest from the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Credit Event Determination Date if "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes), or (ii) cease to 
bear interest from the Credit Event Determination Date if "Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event" is specified 
as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes). 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes (other than Portfolio Credit Linked Notes), save where the Credit Event 
Redemption Date occurs on or after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Credit Linked Notes may then be early 
redeemed following a Credit Event which may be prior to their scheduled maturity. Accordingly investors 
should review carefully the nature of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount and Credit Event 
Redemption Date and the timing for this, as well as the basis on which these are determined. 
Where the Credit Linked Notes provide for physical delivery, the Issuer may determine that the specified assets 
to be delivered are either (a) assets which for any reason (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant 
clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions but excluding the non-receipt 
of any requisite consents with respect to the delivery of assets which are loans) it is impossible or illegal to 
deliver on the specified settlement date or (b) assets which the Issuer and/or any affiliate and/or agent has not 
received under the terms of any transaction and/or trading position entered into by the Issuer and/or such 
affiliate and/or agent to hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Credit Linked Notes. Any such 
determination may delay settlement in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and/or mean that the obligation to 
deliver such specified assets is replaced by an obligation to pay a cash amount which, in either case, may affect 
the value of the Credit Linked Notes and, in the case of payment of a cash amount, will affect the amount 
payable and relevant timing for this.  In addition, since the deliverable assets will be issued, guaranteed or 
insured by the Reference Entity affected by a Credit Event, the value of such assets at the relevant time may 
be considerably less than would be the case if a Credit Event had not occurred.  Prospective investors should 
review the relevant Conditions and the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt 
Notes) to ascertain whether and how such provisions will apply to the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Issuer, the Dealer(s) or any of their respective Affiliates may have acquired, or during the term of the 
Notes may acquire, non-public information with respect to the Reference Entity/Entities that they may not

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
disclose. Prospective investors must therefore make an investment decision based upon their own due diligence 
and purchase the Credit Linked Notes in the knowledge that non-public information, which the Issuer, the 
Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates may have, will not be disclosed to investors. None of the Issuer, 
the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates is under any obligation (i) to review on the Noteholders' behalf 
the business, financial conditions, prospects, creditworthiness, status or affairs of the Reference Entity/Entities 
or conduct any investigation or due diligence into the Reference Entity/Entities or (ii) other than as may be 
required by applicable rules and regulations relating to the Notes, to make available (a) any information 
relating to the Notes or (b) any non-public information they may possess in respect of the Reference 
Entity/Entities. 
Certain Credit Linked Notes may be highly leveraged instruments, including without limitation Portfolio 
Credit Linked Notes linked to the Reference Entity/Entities within a reference portfolio (or similar 
arrangements over a reference portfolio). The use of leverage is a speculative investment technique designed 
to enhance returns. However, such technique will also magnify the adverse impacts of a Credit Event. 
The Issuer's obligations in respect of Credit Linked Notes are irrespective of the existence or amount of the 
Issuer's and/or any affiliates' credit exposure to a Reference Entity and the Issuer and/or any affiliate need not 
suffer any loss nor provide evidence of any loss as a result of the occurrence of a Credit Event. 
Increase of risk due to the replacement of a Reference Entity or succession 
Reference Entities may be replaced due to events beyond the control of the Issuer, such as the merger of a 
corporate entity with another entity, in which case the Reference Entity may be replaced by its successor. Each 
such replacement may result in an increase in the risks involved for the Noteholders. 
Concentration risks in case of Credit Linked Notes referring to a portfolio of Reference Entities 
The probability of the occurrence of Credit Events with respect to the Reference Entities referenced by a 
Portfolio Credit Linked Note may depend on the degree of diversification among the Reference Entities. The 
composition of the portfolio of Reference Entities may change after the Issue Date. Such change may result in 
an increase of concentration among the Reference Entities and therefore also in an increase in the risks 
associated with such concentration. 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions in accordance with the terms of the Notes 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of the Additional provisions applicable to 
Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
to incorporate and/or reflect further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time 
published by ISDA with respect to the documentation, trading or settlement of credit 
derivative transactions and/or the operation or application of determinations by the ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees; and/or 
(ii) 
to reflect or account for market practice for credit derivative transactions and/or reflect the 
hedging arrangements of the Issuer or any of its affiliates. 
In addition to any amendments the Calculation Agent may make from time to time to the provisions of the 
Additional provisions applicable to Credit Linked Notes in accordance with market convention (described 
above), the Additional provisions applicable to Credit Linked Notes themselves contain certain provisions 
which permit the Calculation Agent in certain circumstances to make certain adjustments to such Additional 
provisions applicable to Credit Linked Notes.  Such adjustments may adversely affect both payments made to 
Noteholders under the Credit Linked Notes and the timing of any such payments.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
Risks relating to Auction Settlement of Credit Linked Notes 
Auction Settlement 
Where Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in respect of a Series of Notes and 
an Auction Final Price Determination Date occurs, the Auction Final Price will be determined according to an 
auction procedure set out in the applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, a form of which will be 
published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and 
may be amended from time to time.  The Auction Final Price determined pursuant to an auction may be less 
than the market value that would otherwise have been determined in respect of the relevant Reference 
Obligation.  The Issuer and the Noteholders may have little or no influence in the outcome of any such auction. 
Auction Final Price and the Issuer's ability to influence the Auction Final Price 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed or the Outstanding Nominal Amount of Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
is reduced, as applicable, following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the amount payable in respect of the 
Notes or the amount of such reduction in the Outstanding Nominal Amount (by reference to which principal 
and interest payable is calculated) may be determined by reference to the Auction Final Price determined 
according to an auction procedure set out in the applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.  There is a 
possibility that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (or one of their affiliates) would act as a participating bidder 
in any such auction.  In such capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence the Auction Final Price 
including (without limitation): (a) providing rates of conversion to determine the applicable currency 
conversion rates to be used to convert any obligations which are not denominated in the auction currency into 
such currency for the purposes of the auction; and (b) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests 
with respect to the relevant Deliverable Obligations.  In deciding whether to take any such action (or whether 
to act as a participating bidder in any auction), the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (or any affiliate of any of 
them) shall be under no obligation to consider the interests of any Noteholder. 
Zero Recovery Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
If the Credit Linked Notes are Zero Recovery Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, on the occurrence of a Credit 
Event in respect of a Reference Entity, the Notes will not be redeemed by payment of the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount and instead the Outstanding Nominal Amount by reference to which interest and amounts 
payable on redemption of the Notes are calculated, will be reduced proportionately to the weighting of the 
Reference Entity in the basket and no amounts will be payable to investors in this respect.  In such 
circumstances an investor will suffer total loss of the proportion of its investment attributable to such Reference 
Entity (as represented by the relevant Reference Entity weighting).  In certain circumstances the amount paid 
to Noteholders on redemption may be less than their original investment and, if the Outstanding Nominal 
Amount is reduced to zero, will be zero. It should also be noted that for interest calculation purposes the 
Outstanding Nominal Amount is observed at the end of an Interest Period and no allowance is made that the 
Outstanding Nominal Amount may have been higher during the Interest Period.  
Market Recovery Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
If the relevant Notes are Market Recovery Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, in the event that a Credit Event 
Determination Date occurs in respect of any Reference Entity, the loss amount in respect of such Reference 
Entity will be determined by reference to the value of the debt of the Reference Entity in the market, either by 
reference to the Auction Final Price as set out above, or by reference to the value of one or more obligations 
of such Reference Entity selected by the Calculation Agent (see also "Cheapest to deliver" below), determined 
by reference to quotations from Quotation Dealers.  In certain circumstances the amount paid to Noteholders 
on redemption may be less than their original investment and, if the Outstanding Nominal Amount is reduced 
to zero, will be zero. It should also be noted that for interest calculation purposes the Outstanding Nominal 
Amount is observed at the end of an Interest Period and no allowance is made that the Outstanding Nominal 
Amount may have been higher during the Interest Period.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
Cheapest to deliver 
Following a Credit Event Determination Date, subject to Auction Settlement procedures, where applicable, 
the Calculation Agent is entitled to select an obligation for delivery or for valuation which has the lowest value 
in the market at the relevant time, provided such obligation satisfies certain specifications and limits for 
qualification as a Deliverable Obligation or Obligation (as the case may be). 
Settlement Suspension, Adjustments and Interest Provisions 
Credit Linked Condition 11 permits the Calculation Agent, at its option and only in the circumstances 
described in Credit Linked Condition 11, to determine that the applicable timing requirements of the Notes 
Conditions and the Credit Linked Conditions (as determined by the Calculation Agent) shall toll and be 
suspended and remain suspended (such period of suspension, a Suspension Period) until the date of the 
relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal or Calculation Agent 
determination that neither the necessary conditions to determining a Credit Event Determination Date nor a 
Credit Event Determination Date have occurred (as applicable).  During such suspension period none of the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Noteholder are obliged to, nor are they entitled to, take any action in 
connection with the settlement of the Credit Linked Notes.  Following the occurrence of one of the events 
described above, the relevant timing requirements of the Notes Conditions and the Credit Linked Conditions 
that have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume following the occurrence of such event. 
In the event of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may make (i) such consequential or other 
adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to these Credit Linked Conditions as may be desirable or 
required either during or following any relevant Suspension Period to account for or reflect such suspension 
and (ii) determine the effective date of such adjustment(s) or determination(s). 
In the case of interest bearing Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest calculated in 
accordance with Notes Condition 4 provided that: 
(a) 
if a Suspension Period falls in any one or more Interest Period(s), then no interest shall accrue during 
each portion of an Interest Period during which a Suspension Period exists;  
(b) 
if an Interest Payment Date falls in a Suspension Period, such Interest Payment Date will be deferred 
until after the end of the Suspension Period; and 
(c) 
for the avoidance of doubt, no additional amount of interest will accrue or be payable as a result of 
any delayed payment of interest. 
Market Disruption and adjustments provisions may affect the value and liquidity of the Notes as well as 
postpone due dates for payment 
If an issue of Index Linked Redemption Notes, Equity Linked Redemption Notes, Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes or other notes linked to an Underlying Reference includes provisions dealing with the occurrence of a 
Market Disruption Event or any other event, however defined, set out under Conditions 21 to 25 and affecting 
such Note (a Disruption Event) on a Valuation Date, Observation Date, Averaging Date or any other relevant 
date and the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or exists on such Valuation 
Date, Observation Date, such Averaging Date, any consequential postponement of the Valuation Date, 
Observation Date or Averaging Date or any other relevant date, alternative provisions for valuation provided 
in any such Notes may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Notes. The timing of such 
dates (as scheduled or as so postponed or adjusted) may affect the value of the relevant Notes such that the 
Noteholder may receive a lower cash redemption amount and/or interest amount or other payment under the 
relevant Notes than otherwise would have been the case. The occurrence of such a Disruption Event in relation 
to any Underlying Reference comprising a basket may also have such an adverse effect on Notes related to 
such basket. In addition, any such consequential postponement may result in the postponement of the relevant 
due date for payment under the Notes and/or Maturity Date.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
Potential Loss of the Noteholder's Investment in the Notes 
Each Noteholder may receive a Final Redemption Amount, a SPS Final Payout and/or physical delivery of the 
Asset Amount or the Entitlement Amount the aggregate value of which may be less than the value of the 
Noteholder's investment in the relevant Notes. In certain circumstances Noteholders may lose the entire value 
of their investment. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features, their market values may be even 
more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
An investor in Subordinated Notes assumes an enhanced risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's insolvency 
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank junior 
in priority of payment to Senior Liabilities.  Senior Liabilities means all of the Issuer's liabilities which 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer.  Although 
Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Notes which are not subordinated, there 
is an enhanced risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the 
Issuer become insolvent. 
Impact of BRRD II on the ranking of fully or partially recognised own fund instruments 
According to the article 48(7) of BRRD II (as implemented into Luxembourg law by article 152(4) of the 
Resolution Law, liabilities resulting from fully or partially recognised own funds instruments (within the 
meaning of the CRR) shall rank junior to all other liabilities. This would entail that, regardless of their 
contractual ranking, liabilities that are no longer at least partially recognised as an own funds instrument for 
the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior to any liabilities fully or partially recognised as an own funds 
instrument. Accordingly, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will, inter alia, be 
required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that no longer fully or 
partially are recognised as an own funds instrument (within the meaning of the CRR) in full before it can make 
any payments on the Subordinated Notes qualifying as own funds of the Issuer.  
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) specify 
otherwise, in the event that as a result of a change in law or regulations of Luxembourg, or in the official 
application of such laws or regulations or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application of such laws or regulations which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date, which change the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Regulator

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
was material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date (i) (A) the Issuer has or would become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes, and (B) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; or (ii) the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in respect of any payments in 
computing its taxation liabilities or the amount of the deduction would be materially reduced, provided that no 
such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days  prior  to the earliest  date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or would not be entitled to claim a deduction were a payment 
in respect of the Notes then due. The Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, subject to the prior consent of the Regulator and satisfaction of 
certain requirements. 
In addition, unless the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) specify otherwise, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes upon the occurrence of a Capital 
Event, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, subject to the consent of the 
Regulator and satisfaction of certain requirements. 
In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security 
at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. See also "Notes subject to optional redemption 
by the Issuer". 
Limited remedies for non-payment under Subordinated Notes 
The sole remedy against the Issuer available to the holders of Subordinated Notes for recovery of amounts 
owing in respect of any non-payment of principal or interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes will be to 
ask the relevant authorities to institute proceedings in Luxembourg (but not elsewhere) in accordance with Part 
III of the Resolution Law, to the extent set out in Condition 9.2(a)(ii) under "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes".  As such, the remedies available to holders of Subordinated Notes are more limited than those typically 
available to holders of unsubordinated debt of the Issuer. 
In addition, holders of Subordinated Notes may only accelerate the maturity of such Subordinated Notes if an 
order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the Liquidation (as defined under "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes") of the Issuer in Luxembourg and, if accelerated, may claim payment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes only in the Liquidation of the Issuer. 
There is no restriction on the amount or type of further instruments or indebtedness that the Issuer may issue, 
incur or guarantee 
There is no restriction on the amount or type of further instruments or indebtedness that the Issuer may issue, 
incur or guarantee, that rank senior to, or pari passu with, the Subordinated Notes.  As a result, this may reduce 
the amount recoverable by holders of Subordinated Notes on a Liquidation of the Issuer and may limit the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Subordinated Notes. In addition, the Subordinated Notes do 
not contain any restriction on the Issuer's ability to issue securities that may have preferential rights to the 
Subordinated Notes or securities with similar or different provisions. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the Bail-In Tool or at the point of 
non-viability of the Issuer 
Holders of Subordinated Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on application of such 
mandatory write-down or conversion powers (without requiring such holders' consent), which may result in 
such holders losing some or all of their investment. Any indication or perception that Subordinated Notes will 
become subject to such non-viability loss absorption measure could have an adverse effect on the market price 
of the relevant Subordinated Notes. See "EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive".

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
The obligation of the Issuer to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction of taxes is 
limited to payments of interest under the Subordinated Notes  
The obligation of the Issuer to pay additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction of taxes 
imposed under the laws of Luxembourg under Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes apply only to payments of interest and not to payments of principal due under the Subordinated Notes. 
As such, the Issuer is not required to pay any additional amounts under Condition 7 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applies to payments of 
principal under the Subordinated Notes. Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to 
any payments of principal under the Subordinated Notes, holders of Subordinated Notes may receive less than 
the full amount due under the Subordinated Notes. 
Risks related to MREL Notes 
Holders of MREL Notes may not be able to exercise their rights on an event of default in the event of the 
exercise of any resolution tools under BRRD II (as implemented through the Resolution Law) 
Noteholders will have limited ability to accelerate the maturity of their MREL Notes. The terms of such Notes 
do not provide for any events of default, except in the limited circumstances set out in Condition 9.1(b) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In the event that any payment on such Notes is not made when due, each 
Noteholder will have a right to ask the relevant authorities to institute liquidation (liquidation) or reprieve from 
payment (sursis de paiement) proceedings in Luxembourg (but not elsewhere) in accordance with Part II of 
the Resolution Law in respect of the Issuer. 
As mentioned above, the Issuer may be subject to the exercise of any resolution tools under BRRD II (as 
implemented through the Resolution Law). Pursuant to the Resolution Law, the adoption of any such procedure 
shall not itself constitute an event of default or entitle any counterparty of the Issuer to exercise any rights it 
may otherwise have in respect thereof. Any provision providing for such rights shall further be deemed not to 
apply, although this does not limit the ability of a counterparty to declare any event of default and exercise its 
rights accordingly where an event of default arises either before or after the exercise of any such procedure 
and does not necessarily relate to the exercise of any relevant measure or power which has been applied 
pursuant to the Resolution Law. 
Any enforcement by a Noteholder of its rights in respect of such Notes upon the occurrence of an event of 
default following the adoption of any early intervention or any resolution procedure will, therefore, be subject 
to the relevant provisions of BRRD II and the Resolution Law in relation to the exercise of the relevant 
measures and powers pursuant to such procedure, including the resolution tools and powers referred to above 
(see "EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" above). Any claims on the occurrence of an event of default 
will consequently be limited by the application of any measures pursuant to the provisions of the Resolution 
Law. There can be no assurance that the taking of any such action would not adversely affect the rights of 
Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in such Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under such Notes and the enforcement by a Noteholder of any rights it may otherwise have on the 
occurrence of any event of default may be further limited in these circumstances. 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are senior non preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
Senior Non Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior (chirographaires) 
obligations of the Issuer according to the ranking referred to in article 108-2(c) of BRRD II and the ranking 
referred to in the Luxembourg law of 25 July 2018 (amending the Resolution Law in this respect) and rank 
within the senior and unsecured liabilities of the Issuer: 
(a) 
pari passu and without any preference among themselves; 
(b) 
pari passu with any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank, or are expressed to rank, 
equally with the Senior Non Preferred Notes;

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
(c) 
senior to the Issuer's Subordinated Obligations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes); 
and 
(d) 
junior to the Issuer's Statutory Ordinary Senior Liabilities (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes). 
Upon the insolvency of the Issuer or if any order is made or resolution passed for the Liquidation (as defined 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) of the Issuer, save as may be provided by mandatory applicable 
legislation in relation to creditors' rights, Noteholders will have a right to payment under Senior Non Preferred 
Notes: 
(i) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full in respect of Statutory Ordinary Senior Liabilities or any 
claims benefiting from statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in priority to Senior Non Preferred 
Notes; and 
(ii) 
in full, in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Obligations and other claims otherwise ranking 
junior to the Statutory Second Ranking Senior Liabilities (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Senior Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes). 
The Issuer's Statutory Ordinary Senior Liabilities would include, among other liabilities, its deposit 
obligations, its obligations in respect of derivatives and other financial contracts and its unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt securities that are not expressed to rank pari passu with Senior Non Preferred Notes or 
other Senior Parity Liabilities (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). If the Issuer does not 
have sufficient assets to settle the claims of higher ranking creditors in full, the claims of the Noteholders under 
Senior Non Preferred Notes will not be satisfied. Noteholders will participate pari passu in any distribution of 
assets available to satisfy all claims in respect of its senior and unsecured liabilities with the creditors under 
any other Senior Parity Liabilities if the Issuer does not have sufficient funds to make full payment to all of 
them. 
In addition, in the event of the exercise of a Bail-In Tool, the Issuer's eligible liabilities (including MREL 
Notes) could be subject to bail-in, meaning the potential write-down or conversion into equity securities or 
other instruments. See "Bail-in tool under BRRD II and the Resolution Law" above. The sequence of any 
resulting write-down or conversion of eligible instruments under Article 48 of BRRD II and Article 49 of the 
Resolution Law provides for claims to be written-down or converted into equity in accordance with the 
hierarchy of claims provided in the Resolution Law. Because the terms of Senior Non Preferred Notes will 
provide that they are senior non preferred liabilities, the Issuer expects them to be written down or converted 
in full after any Subordinated Obligations of the Issuer and before any of the Issuer's Statutory Ordinary Senior 
Liabilities are written down or converted. Because the terms of the MREL Eligible Senior Preferred Notes will 
provide that they are senior preferred liabilities, the Issuer expects them to be written down or converted in 
full after any Subordinated Obligations and any Senior Parity Liabilities of the Issuer are written down or 
converted. With respect to the Issuer, as confirmed by the Luxembourg act dated 20 May 2021, the conversion 
of the Notes into equity shall mean the conversion into the participation certificates (certificats participatifs) 
issued by the Issuer. 
The qualification of any Senior Non Preferred Notes or Senior Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Instruments 
is subject to uncertainty 
It is intended that any Senior Non Preferred Notes that are issued will be MREL Eligible Instruments under 
the MREL Regulations and that certain Senior Preferred Notes that are issued may be MREL Eligible 
Instruments under the MREL Regulations (each as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the applicable MREL Regulations and how those 
regulations, once enacted, are to be interpreted and applied and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that 
any Senior Non Preferred Notes or any Senior Preferred Notes will be (or thereafter remain) MREL Eligible 
Instruments.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
Because of the uncertainty surrounding any potential changes to the regulations giving effect to MREL (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that any Senior 
Non Preferred Notes or any Senior Preferred Notes will ultimately be MREL Eligible Instruments. If for any 
reasons any Senior Non Preferred Notes or any Senior Preferred Notes are not MREL Eligible Instruments or 
if such Notes initially are MREL Eligible Instruments and subsequently become ineligible due to a change in 
Luxembourg law or applicable MREL Regulations, then an MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes) will occur, with the consequences indicated below. See — "MREL Notes 
may be redeemed prior to maturity upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event" below. 
MREL Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem MREL Notes upon or following the occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event. 
As part of the Banking Reforms, CRR II has been adopted. Once Banking Reforms and the CRR II are fully 
applicable, they will require that the Issuer shall obtain the prior permission of the resolution authority to effect 
the call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of MREL Eligible Instruments prior to the date of their 
contractual maturity.  
According to Article 78a of the CRR, as amended by CRR II, such consent will be given only if either of the 
following conditions are met:  
(a) 
before or at the same time of, the redemption request, the Issuer replaces the MREL Eligible 
Instruments with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that 
are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or  
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the own funds and 
eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following the redemption request, exceed the MREL 
requirements (as a requirement in MREL Regulations) by a margin that the resolution authority, in 
agreement with the competent authority considers necessary; or  
(c) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the MREL Eligible Instruments with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements for continuing authorisation. 
It is not possible to predict whether or not any Senior Non Preferred Notes or any Senior Preferred Notes will 
qualify as MREL Eligible Instruments (see "The qualification of any Senior Non Preferred Notes or Senior 
Preferred Notes as MREL Eligible Instruments is subject to uncertainty" above) or if any further change in the 
laws or regulations of Luxembourg will occur in relation to the applicable MREL Regulations and so lead to 
the circumstances in which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem the MREL Notes, and if so whether or not the 
Issuer will elect to exercise such option to redeem any MREL Notes or any prior consent of the competent 
authority, if required, will be given. The Issuer may be expected to redeem MREL Notes when its cost of 
borrowing is lower than the interest rate on such MREL Notes. At those times, an investor generally would 
not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on such 
MREL Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
MREL Notes may be subject to substitution and/or variation without Noteholder consent 
Subject as provided herein, in particular to the provisions of Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, if an MREL Eligibility Event, a Rating Methodology Event, an Alignment Event and/or a Tax Event 
(each term as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) occurs, the Issuer may, at its option, and 
without further consent or approval of the Noteholders, elect either (i) to substitute all (but not some only) of 
the MREL Notes or (ii) to modify the terms of all (but not some only) of such MREL Notes , in each case so 
that they are substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain, Qualifying Notes (as defined in the Terms and

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
Conditions of the Notes). While Qualifying Notes generally must contain terms that are materially no less 
favourable to Noteholders as the original terms of the MREL Notes, there can be no assurance that the terms 
of any Qualifying Notes will be viewed by the market as equally favourable, or that the Qualifying Notes will 
trade at prices that are equal to the prices at which the MREL Notes would have traded on the basis of their 
original terms. 
Further, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer, shall not be obliged to have regard 
to the tax position of individual Noteholders or to the tax consequences of any such substitution or variation 
for individual Noteholders. No Noteholder shall be entitled to claim, whether from the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, 
or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution 
or variation upon individual Noteholders. 
Changes in law may adversely affect the rights of holders of MREL Notes 
Changes in law after the issue date in respect of any MREL Notes may affect the rights of Noteholders as well 
as the market value of such MREL Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial 
decision or change to European or Luxembourg law or administrative practice after the date of issue. Such 
changes in law may include changes in statutory, tax and regulatory regimes during the life of MREL Notes, 
which may have an adverse effect on an investment in MREL Notes. See, in particular, the Banking Reforms 
described above. 
Furthermore, any change in the laws or regulations of Luxembourg, applicable MREL Regulations or the 
application or interpretation thereof may in certain circumstances result in the Issuer having the option to 
redeem, substitute or vary the terms of MREL Notes (see "MREL Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event" and "MREL Notes may be subject to substitution 
and/or variation without Noteholder consent" above). In any such case, MREL Notes would cease to be 
outstanding, be substituted or be varied, each of which actions could materially and adversely affect investors 
and frustrate investment strategies and goals. 
Such legislative and regulatory uncertainty could also affect an investor's ability to accurately value MREL 
Notes and, therefore, affect the trading price of MREL Notes given the extent and impact that one or more 
regulatory or legislative changes, including those described above, could have on MREL Notes. 
Furthermore, the financial services industry continues to be the focus of significant regulatory change and 
scrutiny which may adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial performance, capital and risk management 
strategies. Such regulatory changes, and the resulting actions taken to address such regulatory changes, may 
have an adverse impact on the Issuer's performance and financial condition, which could in turn affect levels 
of CET1 capital and risk weighted assets and, therefore, the resulting CET1 ratio and the levels of capital, 
leverage and additional loss absorbing capacity resources more generally. It is not yet possible to predict the 
detail of such legislation or regulatory rulemaking or the ultimate consequences to the Issuer or the 
Noteholders, which could be material to the rights of holders of MREL Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer 
to satisfy its obligations under any MREL Notes.  
Second ranking senior securities are new types of instruments for which there is limited trading history 
As at the date of this Prospectus, there is a limited trading history for senior non preferred notes of Luxembourg 
financial institutions. Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating 
the risks associated with senior non preferred liabilities. The credit ratings assigned to any Senior Non 
Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such securities 
may be particularly volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the 
credit ratings and value of any Senior Non Preferred Notes will be lower than those expected by investors at 
the time of issuance of any Senior Non Preferred Notes. If so, Noteholders may incur losses in respect of their 
investments in any Senior Non Preferred Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Notes in relevant Member States of the EEA 
This Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes in each State in relation 
to which the Issuer has given its consent (from amongst Member States) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (each specified State a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction and together the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions).  Any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of this 
Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Prospectus as provided under "Consent 
given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation" below and provided such person complies 
with the conditions attached to that consent. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of 
any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Prospectus in relation to any person (an Investor) who purchases 
any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that 
offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided that the conditions 
attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Prospectus are complied with.  The consent and conditions 
attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" below. 
None of the Issuer or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised Offeror with 
any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements in 
relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or any Dealer has any responsibility or liability for 
the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any Dealer has authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer 
has not consented to the use of this Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt 
Offer of Notes.  Any Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and 
neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability for 
the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer.   
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised 
Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Prospectus for the 
purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is.  If the Investor is in any doubt about 
whether it can rely on this Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (a)(ii), (a)(iii) and (a) below are together the Authorised 
Offerors and each an Authorised Offeror. 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below under "Common 
Conditions to Consent":

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
Specific Consent 
(a) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) 
in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes during the relevant Offer Period stated in the 
applicable Final Terms by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) stated in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name is published on the Issuer's website (www.spuerkeess.lu) and identified as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer; and 
General Consent 
(a) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies General Consent as Applicable, the 
Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant 
time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Notes during the relevant Offer Period 
stated in the applicable Final Terms by any other financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under applicable legislation implementing the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU); and 
(ii) 
it accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Prospectus by publishing on its 
website the following statement (with the information in square brackets duly completed) (the 
Acceptance Statement): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Notes] 
(the Notes) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) published by 
Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de l'Etat, Luxembourg (the Issuer).  In consideration of the Issuer 
offering to grant its consent to our use of the Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in 
connection with the offer of the Notes in [specify relevant State(s)] during the Offer Period 
and subject to the other conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Prospectus, we 
hereby accept the offer by the Issuer in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as 
specified in the Prospectus) and we are using the Prospectus accordingly." 
The Authorised Offeror Terms, being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary 
agrees in connection with using this Prospectus, are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(A) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant 
Non-exempt Offer: 
I. 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory 
bodies (the Rules) from time to time including, without limitation and in each 
case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any 
investment in the Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential 
Investor; 
II. 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Subscription and Sale" in this 
Prospectus which would apply as if the relevant financial intermediary were 
a Dealer and consider the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II product governance" 
legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
III. 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) 
received or paid by that the relevant financial intermediary in relation to the 
offer or sale of the Notes does not violate the Rules and, to the extent required 
by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential Investors; 
IV. 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection 
with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules; 
V. 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption 
and "know your client" Rules (including, without limitation, taking 
appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, to establish and document 
the identity of each potential Investor prior to initial investment in any Notes 
by the Investor), and will not permit any application for Notes in 
circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the 
source of the application monies; 
VI. 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required 
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted 
by the Rules, make such records available to the relevant Dealer, the Issuer 
or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption 
and "know your client" Rules applying to the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
as the case may be; 
VII. 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any 
requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction; 
VIII. 
immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it 
becomes aware, or suspects, that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and 
take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with such 
Rules in all respects; 
IX. 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common 
Conditions to Consent" below and any further requirements or other 
Authorised Offeror Terms relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
X. 
make available to each potential Investor in the Notes this Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final 
Terms and any applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such 
purpose, and not convey or publish any information that is not contained in 
or entirely consistent with the Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms; 
XI. 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Prospectus or 
any other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf 
of the Issuer for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection 
with the relevant Non-exempt Offer, it will ensure that such communication 
(a) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (b) states 
that such financial intermediary has provided such communication

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
independently of the Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely 
responsible for such communication and that none of the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication and (c) 
does not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, or the relevant Dealer 
(as applicable), use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer or any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their 
respective groups or any material over which any such entity retains a 
proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the relevant 
Notes on the basis set out in this Prospectus; 
XII. 
ensure that no holder of Notes or potential Investor in Notes shall become an 
indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer for the purposes of 
any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any client 
obligations are created by the relevant financial intermediary under any 
applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall perform any such 
obligations so arising; 
XIII. 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing relevant 
information (including, without limitation, documents and records 
maintained pursuant to paragraph (VI) above) and such further assistance as 
is reasonably requested upon written request from the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, 
within any time frame set by any such regulator or regulatory process.  For 
this purpose, relevant information is information that is available to or can be 
acquired by the relevant financial intermediary: 
(a) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and/or 
(b) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer or 
another Authorised Offeror including, without limitation, complaints 
as defined in the Rules; and/or 
(c) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from 
time to time in relation to the Notes and/or as to allow the Issuer or 
the relevant Dealer fully to comply with its own legal, tax and 
regulatory requirements; 
XIV. 
during the period of the initial offering of the Notes:  
(a) 
only sell the Notes at the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer);  
(b) 
only sell the Notes for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(c) 
not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the 
relevant Dealer);  
(d) 
not pay any fee or remuneration or commissions or benefits to any 
third parties in relation to the offering or sale of the Notes (unless 
otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); and

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
(e) 
comply with such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably 
required and specified by the relevant Dealer; and 
XV. 
either (a) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the 
Notes, or (b) keep a record of all requests the relevant financial intermediary 
(x) makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its 
advisory clients and (z) receives from its execution-only clients, in each case 
prior to making any order for the Notes on their behalf, and in each case 
maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any applicable 
Rules; 
(B) 
agrees and undertakes to each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer that if it or any of 
its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and controlling persons 
(each a Relevant Party) incurs any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, 
actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence 
raised thereto and counsel's fees and disbursements associated with any such 
investigation or defence) (a Loss) arising out of or in relation to, or in connection 
with, any breach of any of the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or 
undertakings by the relevant financial intermediary, including (without limitation) 
any unauthorised action by the relevant financial intermediary or failure by it to 
observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by it of any 
unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has 
not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer, the relevant 
financial intermediary shall pay to the Issuer or the relevant Dealer, as the case may 
be, an amount equal to the Loss. None of the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have any 
duty or obligation, whether as fiduciary or trustee for any Relevant Party or otherwise, 
to recover any such payment or to account to any other person for any amounts paid 
to it under this provision; and 
(C) 
agrees and accepts that: 
I. 
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary formed 
upon acceptance by the relevant financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to 
use the Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Non-
exempt Offer (the Authorised Offeror Contract), and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Luxembourg law; 
II. 
subject to (IV below), the Luxembourg courts have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror 
Contract (including any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) 
(a Dispute) and the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary submit to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the Luxembourg courts; 
III. 
for the purposes of (C)(II) and (IV), the relevant financial intermediary waive 
any objection to the Luxembourg courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; and 
IV. 
to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer may, in 
respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (a) proceedings in any other court 
with jurisdiction; and (b) concurrent proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within (a) above who meets the conditions set out in (b) and the other 
conditions stated in Common Conditions to Consent below and who wishes to use this Prospectus in 
connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish 
on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (a) above if Part B of the applicable Final Terms 
specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(a) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
only extends to the use of this Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
in Luxembourg;  
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date 
of this Prospectus. 
The only Relevant States which may, in respect of any Tranche of Notes, be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (if any Relevant States are so specified) as indicated in (b) above, will be Luxembourg and accordingly 
each Tranche of Notes may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in Luxembourg, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES 
OF SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN 
RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT.  THE ISSUER WILL 
NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES CONCERNED 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN 
SUCH INFORMATION.  THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER.  NONE OF THE ISSUER OR, FOR 
THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO 
AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following information presents an overview of relevant consolidated financial information of the Issuer 
extracted without adjustments from its audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2021 and 
as of 31 December 2022, each prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the European Union (IFRS). These consolidated financial information should be read in 
conjunction with the respective consolidated financial statements which are incorporated in this Prospectus by 
reference. 
Overview of Consolidated Financial Information of the Issuer 
(amounts in thousands of euro) 
 
 
31 DECEMBER 2021 
31 DECEMBER 2022 
Total Assets 
53,424,865 
56,674,860 
Loans and advances at amortised cost – 
Credit institutions 
1,346,632 
1,457,998 
Loans and advances at amortised cost – 
Customers 
25,246,693 
26,705,359 
Fixed-income securities recognised at 
amortised cost 
13,821,928 
13,586,208 
Deposits at amortised cost – Credit 
institutions 
6,934,712 
5,682,386 
Deposits at amortised cost – Customers 
36,906,631 
41,126,287 
Issuance of debt securities and financial 
liabilities designated at fair value through 
profit or loss 
2,958,472 
2,810,712 
Total equity  
5,217,398 
5,475,537 
Bank margin 
668,393 
747,054 
Total general expense 
436,269 
447,560 
Net income for the period – Group share 
329,053 
332,858

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Prospectus shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 (in French), together with the independent auditor's report thereon, including the 
information set out at the following pages in particular: 
 
Business Overview 
Pages 7 to 34 
Balance Sheet 
Pages 45 to 46 
Income Statement 
Page 47 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 48  
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 49 to 50 
Statement of Cash Flow 
Pages 51 to 53 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 54 to 184 
Report of the “Réviseur d’entreprises agréé” 
Pages 38 to 43 
Scope of consolidation 
Pages 60 to 61 
which can be viewed at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1078b8bd53b20144b7996dd5e1bde5a37a 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list above 
is not incorporated by reference to this Prospectus; 
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 (in French), together with the independent auditor's report thereon, including the 
information set out at the following pages in particular: 
 
Business Overview 
Pages 8 to 27 
Balance Sheet 
Pages 37 to 38 
Income Statement 
Page 39 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 40 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 41 to 42 
Statement of Cash Flow 
Pages 43 to 45 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 46 to 179 
Report of the “Réviseur d’entreprises agréé” 
Pages 29 to 35 
Scope of consolidation 
Pages 49 to 51 
which can be viewed at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10f3e88c137d994ba0a492f9a585d8cb40  
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list above 
is not incorporated by reference to this Prospectus; 
(c) 
a free English translation of the original version in French of the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, together with the 
independent auditor's report thereon, including the information set out at the following pages in 
particular:  
 
Business Overview 
Pages 7 to 33 
Balance Sheet 
Pages 44 to 45 
Income Statement 
Page 46

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 47 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 48 to 49 
Statement of Cash Flow 
Pages 50 to 52 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 53 to 176 
Report of the “Réviseur d’entreprises agréé” 
Pages 36 to 42 
Scope of consolidation 
Pages 58 to 59 
which can be viewed at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1012ddea92288c4cd797e4e85d9afa4f1d 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list above 
is not incorporated by reference to this Prospectus; 
(d) 
a free English translation of the original version in French of the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as of and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, together with the 
independent auditor's report thereon, including the information set out at the following pages in 
particular:  
 
Business Overview 
Pages 7 to 25 
Balance Sheet 
Pages 36 to 37 
Income Statement 
Page 38 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 39 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
Pages 40 to 41 
Statement of Cash Flow 
Pages 42 to 44 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 46 to 170 
Report of the “Réviseur d’entreprises agréé” 
Pages 28 to 34 
Scope of consolidation 
Pages 48 to 50 
which can be viewed at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10daeaedaee7de4b3ea2f097f081ac6169  
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list above 
is not incorporated by reference to this Prospectus; 
(e) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Prospectus dated 30 June 2014 on pages 137 
to 212 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme which is available for 
viewing on the following website: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10bfcce1fceb69490c83f0544f1ccc8807 
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Prospectus dated 30 June 2015 on pages 143 
to 219 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme which is available for 
viewing on the following website:  
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10823b1427080d4e028859d6660872ca63 
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Prospectus dated 30 June 2016 on pages 146 
to 221 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme which is available for 
viewing on the following website: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10e48894ac99d54c7dadf8b4881b1c0428

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Prospectus dated 28 June 2019 on pages 182 
to 292 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme which is available for 
viewing on the following website: 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/107001762dfe5749fabcc123f4df775032 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Prospectus dated 1 July 2020 on pages 159 to 
269 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme which is available for 
viewing on the following website: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10d68dd3bdd6ec4f8fb5ed4e6d00a154d0  
(j) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Prospectus dated 1 July 2021 on pages 160 to 
265 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme which is available for 
viewing on the following website: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/107302c5c027c542dfa60f6bf148d734bc  
(k) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Prospectus dated 17 December 2021 on pages 
164 to 270 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme which is available for 
viewing on the following website: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10afc548e0df324eecac029bc930fd83d7  
(l) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contained in the Prospectus dated 22 August 2022 on pages 
167 to 289 (inclusive) prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme which is available for 
viewing on the following website: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/103e602ef7178f4af1ad08894c1129b011  
Following the publication of this Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any 
such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means 
any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to "applicable 
Pricing Supplement" where relevant. 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be represented by a temporary global Note (a Temporary Global Note) 
without receipts, interest coupons or talons or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global 
Note (a Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, in 
either case will be: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); or 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether or not such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The Common Safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal and interest (if any) due 
prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global 
Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary 
Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by 
U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent.  Any reference in this section "Form of the Notes" to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearance system approved by the Issuer, the Issuing Agent and the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after the date on which any Temporary Global 
Note is issued, interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for definitive 
Notes of the same Series, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless 
such certification has already been given.  The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect 
any payment of interest or principal due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused.   
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global 
Note (if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form)) without any requirement for 
certification.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole (but not in part), for definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  Exchange Event means (a) an Event of Default (as defined in 
Condition 9.1(a) (in relation to Senior Preferred Notes (other than MREL Eligible Senior Preferred Notes)) or 
Condition 9.1(b)(in relation to MREL Notes), as applicable) has occurred or is continuing and/or, (in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes) a payment default has 
occurred and is continuing with respect to such Notes, (b) the Issuer has been notified that Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or 
have in fact done so and no alternative clearing system is available or (c) the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided for or referred to in Condition 7 which would not be required were the 
Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange 
and in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (c) above, the Issuer may also give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 60 
days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent.  Global Notes and 
definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and definitive Notes which 
have an original maturity of more than one year and on all receipts, interest coupons and talons relating to such 
Notes: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes, receipts 
or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below) the Issuing 
Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued, the Notes of such Tranche shall be 
assigned a common code and ISIN by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are different from the 
common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least 40 days (as 
notified by the Issuing Agent to the relevant Dealer(s)) after the completion of the distribution of the Notes of 
such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Under Luxembourg law, owners of interests in a Global Note governed by Luxembourg law will, subject to 
proof of ownership of such interest, be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer either individually or, 
following the appointment of a Noteholders' representative, collectively through such representative, pursuant 
to articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg act dated 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as 
amended (the Companies Act 1915).

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Notes, a new Prospectus or 
a supplement to the Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached 
in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS (RETAIL) 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY 
OTHER CURRENCY), OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) issued under the Programme.  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended 
or superseded, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance 
Distribution Directive) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation]. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2   
[3MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
                                                     
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
4[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
5[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional 
clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; 
EITHER6 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR 7[(ii) all channels for distribution 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]8.] 
9[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
                                                     
4  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach (UK). 
5  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
6  
Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
7  
Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there 
are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution 
services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
8  
If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination 
of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
9  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach (UK).

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not "prescribed capital 
markets products" pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)]".]10 
[In respect of any tranche of Notes issued in Singapore Dollars with a denomination of less than S$200,000, 
the following information is provided pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Banking Regulations made under the 
Banking Act 1970 of Singapore: 
(a) 
the place of booking of the Notes is [●]; 
(b) 
the branch or office of the Issuer at which the tranche of the Notes is booked is not subject to 
regulation or supervision in Singapore; 
(c) 
the tranche of Notes is [not secured by any means] OR [secured by [please describe the nature of 
the security, the name of the mortgagor, chargor or guarantor and whether such person is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore]].] 
[Date] 
BANQUE ET CAISSE D'EPARGNE DE L'ETAT, LUXEMBOURG 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): R7CQUF1DQM73HUTV1078 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$8,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Prospectus dated 30 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Prospectus 
dated [date[s]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the Prospectus).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [as so supplemented] in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.  A summary of key information is annexed to these Final Terms.  
The Prospectus is available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com), and copies 
may be obtained from the Issuer's registered office at, 1-2 Place de Metz, L-2954 Luxembourg and from 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United 
Kingdom.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Prospectus dated [22 August 2022]/[17 December 2021]/[1 July 
2021]/[1 July 2020]/[28 June 2019]/[30 June 2016]/[30 June 2015]/[30 June 2014] which are incorporated by 
                                                     
10  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
reference in the Prospectus dated 30 June 2023.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Prospectus dated 30 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [date[s]]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Prospectus) in order to 
obtain all the relevant information.  A summary of key information is annexed to these Final Terms.  The 
Prospectus is available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and copies may 
be obtained from the Issuer's registered office at, 1-2 Place de Metz, L-2954 Luxembourg and from Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United 
Kingdom.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number:  
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number:  
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 34 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [   ]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[         ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
 
(a) 
Series:  
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche:  
[         ] 
(c) 
Units:  
[         ] Units (being the equivalent of [insert 
currency]; [insert amount])][Not Applicable] 
4. 
Issue Price:  
[         ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations:  
[         ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions):  
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
N.B.: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date:  
[         ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date:  
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Notes)  
7. 
Maturity Date:  
[Fixed Rate Note – specify date/Floating Rate Note 
or any other Note where the Interest Period end 
date(s) are adjusted – Interest Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to [specify month]/[(the Scheduled 
Maturity Date) subject to adjustment as provided in 
the Credit Linked Conditions]] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ]% Fixed Rate] [subject to interest rate step-
up as specified in subparagraph 14(h) below] 
 
[[[         ]month [EURIBOR]]/[CMS Reference 
Rate] +/-[         ]% Floating Rate] 
[SARON Compounded] 
[Compounded Daily SONIA] 
[Compounded Daily SOFR] 
[Weighted Average SOFR] 
[Compounded Daily €STR]  
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[[         ]% Fixed Rate] [[_] month [EURIBOR] 
[+/–][_] per cent. Floating Rate] Range 
Accrual/Dual Range Accrual]  
 
[Inflation Linked Interest]  
 
See paragraph [14/15/16/18/19] 
9. 
SPS Coupon Rate (include one or more of 
the following if applicable): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[SPS Digital Coupon applicable] 
 
[SPS Snowball Digital Coupon applicable] 
 
See paragraph [17] below 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [    ]% of their nominal amount] 
 
[Index Linked Redemption]  
 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
[Credit Linked Redemption] 
 
[SPS Payout] 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Specify the date when e.g. any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there] [Not Applicable]  
12. 
Put/Call Options:

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
 
[Investor Put] 
(N.B. Not applicable to MREL Eligible Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes) 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(see paragraph 26/27)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
(a) 
Status of the Notes:  
[Senior [Preferred/Non Preferred]/Subordinated] 
 
(Issues of Subordinated Notes are subject to the 
prior written consent of the Ministry of Treasury of 
Luxembourg) 
 
(b) 
MREL Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(In case of an issuance of Notes which are debt 
instruments with an embedded derivative, MREL 
eligibility will be subject to further conditions under 
the SRMR, including that either (i) the principal 
amount of the Notes being known at the time of 
issue, being fixed or increasing and not being 
affected by an embedded derivative feature and the 
bank having the ability to perform a daily valuation 
of the liability in line with Article 12c(2)(a) SRMR 
even in stressed market conditions; or (ii) the debt 
instrument includes a contractual term in line with 
Article 12c(2)(b) SRMR). 
(c) 
Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained:  
[[        ] 
[and 
[         ], 
respectively]] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest:  
[        ]% [per annum] payable [in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date]  
 
[For interest step–up Notes: [        ]% per annum 
commencing on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date until (but not including) 
[date]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
 
[        ]% [per annum] commencing on (and 
including) [date] until (but not including) [date]11 
 
[        ]% [per annum] commencing on (and 
including) [date] until (but not including) the 
Maturity Date]]] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[[         ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date]/[specify dates]] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[         ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] specify any applicable 
Additional Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
Business Day]/[not adjusted] 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions):  
[         ] per Calculation Amount  
(e) 
[Initial/Final] Broken Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form see 
Conditions):  
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(f) 
Fixed Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/360, 
30/360, 
360/360, 
Bond 
Basis, 
30E/360, Eurobond Basis, Actual/365 (Fixed), 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)][Not Applicable] (Note that 
if interest is not payable on a regular basis (for 
example, if there are Broken Amounts specified) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) will not be a suitable Fixed 
Day Count Fraction) 
(g) 
Determination Date(s):  
[[         ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon)  
(h) 
Interest rate step-up: 
[Applicable, for further details see paragraph 14(a) 
above /Not Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
                                                     
11  
Further periods to be inserted as necessary.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
(a) 
Interest Period End Dates:  
[          ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[FRN 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not adjusted] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Dates:  
[          ] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s):  
 
(i) 
For fixing:  
[          ] [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
For Interest Period End 
Dates:  
[          ] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Agent):  
[          ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
 
(i) 
Reference Rate:  
[SARON Compounded] 
[Compounded Daily SONIA] 
[Compounded Daily SOFR] 
[Weighted Average SOFR] 
[Compounded Daily €STR] 
[          ] month [EURIBOR] 
(ii) 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Specified Time: 
[[11.00 a.m./[   ]] in the Relevant Financial Centre] 
[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Zurich/London/New York/Brussels/[   ]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Relevant Number: 
[5/[   ]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days][TARGET Business 
Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(If “Index Determination” is “Not Applicable”, 
delete “Relevant Number” and complete the 
remaining paragraphs below) 
(If “Index Determination” is “Applicable”, insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) as 
the 
Relevant 
Number, 
and 
the 
remaining 
paragraphs below will each be “Not Applicable”)

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
(If the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded 
delete this paragraph) 
(viii) 
D: 
[30/365/[   ]] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded 
delete this paragraph) 
(ix) 
Observation Period: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded 
delete this paragraph) 
(x) 
Lag Period: 
[5/[   ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [TARGET Business 
Days] [[City] Banking Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded 
delete this paragraph) 
(xi) 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5/[   ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [TARGET Business 
Days] [[City] Banking Days] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking 
days should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period unless otherwise agreed 
with the Calculation Agent) 
(If the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded 
delete this paragraph) 
(xii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
(xiii) 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[          ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(f) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
CMS Screen Page: 
[Condition 4.2(b)(iii) applies/[        ]] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[Condition 4.2(b)(iii) applies/[        ]/] 
(iii) 
Reference Currency: 
[Euro/Sterling/United States dollar] 
(iv) 
Designated Maturity: 
[[        ]]

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
(v) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Agent/named Manager/other] 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(h) 
Margin(s):  
[+/-] [          ]% per annum  
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[[          ]% per annum] [Not Applicable]  
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[[          ]% per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual  
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)  
 
Actual/365 (Fixed)  
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)  
 
Actual/360  
 
30/360  
 
360/360  
 
Bond Basis  
 
30E/360  
 
Eurobond Basis  
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[        ]% per annum  
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[        ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:  
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
17. 
SPS Coupon Rate (include one or more of 
the following if applicable): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[SPS Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from SPS Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[SPS Snowball Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from SPS Payout Conditions.]]] 
(a) 
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[        ]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[         ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[         ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] specify any applicable 
Additional Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
Business Day]/[not adjusted] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
18. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Screen Page: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Cap Level 
(c) 
Floor Level 
(d) 
Multiplier 
[ 
]% 
[ 
]% 
[ 
]% 
(e) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the interest due: 
[         ]  
(f) 
Interest Period End Dates:  
[          ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[FRN 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
(g) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] 
(h) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[         ] 
(i) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ]% per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ]% per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
 
[Actual/360]

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
 
[30/360]  
 
[360/360]  
 
[Bond Basis]  
 
[30E/360]  
 
[Eurobond Basis]  
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(m) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Related Bond: 
[         ]/[Fall Back Bond] 
(o) 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(p) 
Fall Back Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(q) 
Index Sponsor: 
[         ] 
(r) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
(s) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[         ] 
19. 
Range Accrual Note Provisions: 
[Fixed Rate Range Accrual Note] 
[Floating Rate Range Accrual Note] 
[Fixed Rate Dual Range Accrual Note] 
[Floating Rate Dual Range Accrual Note] 
[CMS Range Accrual Note] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(The following is applicable in relation to Fixed Rate Range Accrual Notes, Fixed Rate Dual Range 
Accrual Notes or CMS Range Accrual Notes that bear fixed rate interest) 
(a) 
Fixed Rate: 
[         ]% per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [adjusted in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] specify any applicable 
Additional Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
Business Day]/[not adjusted] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[        ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
Business Day Convention] specify any applicable 
Additional Business Centre (s)/not adjusted] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/360, 
30/360, 
Bond 
Basis, 
30E/360, 
Eurobond Basis, Actual/365 (Fixed), Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
(e) 
Determination Dates: 
[[         ] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon.  N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(The following is applicable in relation to Floating Rate Range Accrual Notes, Floating Rate Dual Range 
Accrual Notes or CMS Range Accrual Notes that bear floating rate interest) 
(f) 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[          ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[FRN 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not adjusted] 
(g) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] 
(h) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(i) 
For fixing: 
[          ] [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
For Interest Period End 
Dates: 
[          ] [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[         ] month [EURIBOR]/[CMS Reference Rate] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ] 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start 
of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][         ]% per annum 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ]% per annum 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ]% per annum 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual  
 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed)  
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)  
 
Actual/360  
 
30/360  
 
360/360  
 
Bond Basis  
 
30E/360  
 
Eurobond Basis  
 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(The following must be completed in relation to all Range Accrual Notes (other than Dual Range Accrual 
Notes)) 
(n) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[  ] 
(o) 
Upper Range: 
[         ]% 
 
(If the Upper Range adjusts with various periods 
use the table below) 
 
From and 
including  
To but 
excluding 
Upper Range 
 
[         ] 
[         ] 
[         ]% 
(p) 
Lower Range: 
[         ]% 
 
(If the Lower Range adjusts with various periods 
use the table below 
 
From and 
including  
To but 
excluding 
Lower Range 
 
[         ] 
[         ] 
[         ]% 
(q) 
Range Accrual Reference Rate: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month [EURIBOR]]/[CMS Reference 
Rate] 
 
(The following is applicable in relation to CMS 
Range Accrual Notes) 
 
Reference Currency: [Euro/Sterling/United States 
dollar] 
 
Designated Maturity: [          ] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
• 
Range Accrual Reference 
Rate Determination Date(s): 
[Observation Date/specify other period]

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
• 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[ ] / [Not Applicable] 
(r) 
Calculation Agent:  
[give name]  
(s) 
Autoswitch: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
(i) 
Target Rate: 
[         ]% 
(ii) 
Switch Rate: 
[         ]% 
(The following must be completed in relation to Dual Range Accrual Notes) 
(t) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[  ] 
(u) 
Upper Range1: 
[         ]% 
 
(If the Upper Range1 adjusts with various periods 
use the table below) 
 
From and 
including  
To but 
excluding 
Upper Range1 
 
[         ] 
[         ] 
[         ]% 
(v) 
Lower Range1: 
[         ]% 
 
(If the Lower Range1 adjusts with various periods 
use the table below 
 
From and 
including  
To but 
excluding 
Lower Range1 
 
[         ] 
[         ] 
[         ]% 
(w) 
Upper Range2: 
[         ]% 
 
(If the Upper Range2 adjusts with various periods 
use the table below) 
 
From 
and 
including  
To 
but 
excluding 
Upper Range2 
 
[         ] 
[         ] 
[         ]% 
(x) 
Lower Range2: 
[         ]% 
 
(If the Lower Range2 adjusts with various periods 
use the table below 
 
From 
and 
including  
To 
but 
excluding 
Lower Range2

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
 
[         ] 
[         ] 
[         ]% 
(y) 
Range Accrual Reference Rate: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate1: 
[[          ] month [EURIBOR]]/[CMS Reference 
Rate] 
 
(The following is applicable in relation to CMS 
Range Accrual Notes) 
 
Reference Currency: [Euro/Sterling/United States 
dollar] 
 
Designated Maturity: [          ] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page for 
Reference Rate1: 
[         ] 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
• 
Reference Rate2: 
[[          ] month [EURIBOR]]/[CMS Reference 
Rate/CMS Formula Rate] 
 
(The following is applicable in relation to CMS 
Range Accrual Notes) 
 
Reference Currency: [Euro/Sterling/United States 
dollar/] 
 
Designated Maturity: [          ] 
 
(The following is applicable in relation to CMS 
Formula Rate) 
 
Reference Currency1: [Euro/Sterling/United States 
dollar] 
 
Designated Maturity1: [          ] 
 
Reference Currency2: [Euro/Sterling/United States 
dollar] 
 
Designated Maturity2: [          ] 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
Reference Rate2: 
[         ] 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
• 
Range Accrual Reference 
Rate Determination Date(s): 
[Observation Date/specify other period] 
• 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[ ] / [Not Applicable] 
(z) 
Calculation Agent:  
[give name]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
(aa) 
Autoswitch: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
(i) 
Target Rate: 
[         ]% 
(ii) 
Switch Rate: 
[         ]% 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Index Linked Redemption Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Indices: 
[         ] 
 
(If more than one, refer to as Index1, Index2 etc.) 
(b) 
Screen Page: 
(Specify if applicable, or give the sources of 
observation for each index) 
(c) 
Component Transactions: 
[         ] 
(d) 
Formula: 
[Autocall [In the case of Autocall specify Autocall 
Trigger Level: [         ]% of the Initial Price, 
Percentage Multiplier: [         ]% for Observation 
Date(1), [         ]% for Observation Date(2) etc.  
Lower Threshold Level: [         ]% of the Initial 
Price, Lower Threshold Multiplier: [         ]%, 
Threshold Level: [         ]% of the Initial Price, 
Threshold 
Multiplier: 
[         ]% 
and 
Final 
Percentage Multiplier: [         ]%]/[Autocall with 
Spread [In the case of Autocall with Spread specify: 
Autocall Trigger Level: [         ]% of the Initial 
Price, Multiplier: [         ]% and Final Percentage 
Multiplier: [         ]%/[Lookback [In the case of 
Lookback specify Multiplier: [         ]%, Floor 
Level: [         ] and x: [         ]] [Short-term 
Lookback [In the case of Short-term Lookback 
specify Multiplier: [         ]%, Short-term Lookback 
Multiplier: [         ]%, Cap Level: [         ], Floor 
Level: [         ] and x:[          ]] [Double Win [In the 
case of Double Win specify. Barrier Level 
Multiplier: [         ]%, Cap Level: [         ]%, Floor 
Level: [         ] and Final Valuation Date: [         ]] 
[Triple Index [In the case of Triple Index specify 
Multiplier: [         ]%] [Asian Call [In the case of 
Asian Call specify Multiplier: [         ]%, Cap Level: 
[         ]% 
and 
Floor 
Level: 
[         ]%][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
(e) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the redemption amount 
due: 
[         ] (N.B. Specify name) 
(f) 
Settlement Price: 
 
(g) 
Relevant Level: 
[         ] 
Index Currency: [         ] 
[The official closing level for the  Index/Indices] 
[the official fixing eventually calculated and/or 
published by the Index Sponsor] [the Valuation 
Method] 
(h) 
Valuation Date: 
[         ] 
(i) 
Valuation Method:  
[Highest]/[Average Highest]/[Market Value] 
(j) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid]/[Mid]/[Ask] 
(k) 
Quotation Amount: 
[         ]/[As set out in Condition 21] 
(l) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
 
[The Averaging Dates are [         ].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
[Modified Postponement is applicable] 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [         ]/[eight]] 
 
(if no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to eight) 
(m) 
Observation Date(s): 
[Observation Date(1): [         ], Observation Date(2): 
[         ] etc.] [Not Applicable].] [In the event that an 
Observation 
Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
(n) 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
corresponding 
to 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[Early 
Redemption 
Date(1): 
[         ], 
Early 
Redemption Date(2): [         ] etc./Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Observation Period: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(p) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index 
Basis/As per Conditions]

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
(q) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index 
Basis/As per Conditions] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(r) 
Exchange(s) and Index Sponsor: 
(i) 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [         ] 
and 
 
(ii) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [         ]. 
(s) 
Related Exchange: 
[Specify/Each exchange or quotation system on 
which option contracts or futures contracts relating 
such Index is traded/All Exchanges] 
(t) 
Relevant Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the 
Valuation Date/during the Observation Period.] 
[The relevant time is [         ], being the time 
specified on the Valuation Date or an Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, for the calculation of the 
Settlement Price.] 
 
(N.B. if no Relevant Time is specified, the Valuation 
Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
(u) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] 
The 
following 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies.) 
 
[Change of Law] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[(ii)] 
[The Trade Date is [         ].  [If no Trade 
Date is specified, Issue Date will be the 
Trade Date] 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Change of Law 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging is 
applicable)] 
 
[(iii)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of 
[specify 
in 
relation 
to 
each 
security/commodity comprised in an Index] 
is [         ]. 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
 
[(iv)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify 
in 
relation 
to 
each

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
security/commodity comprised in an Index] 
is [         ]. 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)]] 
(v) 
Market Disruption:  
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to [         ]/[eight] 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to eight) 
(w) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/[         ]/["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" 
Knock-in Level]] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
(i) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
[If applicable insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Level: 
[Specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-in Determination Period] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(v) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-
in Determination Day.] 
(x) 
Knock-out Event:  
[Not Applicable/[         ]/["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" 
Knock-out Level]] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a Disrupted Day, 
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
(i) 
Knock-out Level: 
[Specify] 
(ii) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period] 
(iii) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(v) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-
out Determination Day] 
(y) 
Automatic Early Redemption Event: [Not Applicable/[         ]/["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level]/[SPS 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout in paragraph 
23 below applies] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify/See definition in Condition 20] 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[Specify] [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] specify any applicable Additional 
Business Centre (s)/not adjusted] 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level: 
[Specify] 
(iv) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[Specify] 
(v) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
[In the event that Automatic Early Redemption Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply] 
21. 
Equity Linked Redemption Note Provisions: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub­paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Share(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[         ] 
(c) 
Strike: 
[         ]% of the Initial Price

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
(d) 
Settlement Price: 
[         ] [As set out in Condition 21] 
 
[Exchange Rate: [         ]] 
(e) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating any amount due under 
the Notes: 
[         ] (N.B. Specify name and address) 
(f) 
Valuation Date: 
[         ] 
(g) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes.  
[The Averaging Dates are [         ]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/ 
Postponement/ 
Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
[Modified Postponement is applicable] 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [         ]/[eight]] 
 
(if no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to eight) 
(h) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The Observation Date(s) is/are [         ]/Not 
Applicable]. [In the event that an Observation Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Date 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply] 
(i) 
Observation Period: 
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Exchange Business Day:  
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share 
Basis/As per Conditions] 
(k) 
Scheduled Trading Day:  
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share 
Basis/As per Conditions] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(l) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [         ] 
(m) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[         ]/[Each exchange or quotation system on 
which option contracts or futures contracts relating 
to such Share are traded/All Exchanges] 
(n) 
Relevant Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the 
Valuation Date/during the Observation Period.]  
[The relevant time is [         ], being the time

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
specified on the Valuation Date or an Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, for the calculation of the 
Settlement Price.] 
 
(N.B. if no Relevant Time is specified, the Valuation 
Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
(o) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] 
The 
following 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies.) 
 
[Change of Law] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Failure to Deliver] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[(ii)] 
[The Trade Date is [         ]. 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Change of Law 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging is 
applicable)] 
 
[(iii)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant 
Share] is [         ]. 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
 
[(iv)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] 
is [         ] 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
(p) 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to [         ]/[eight]: 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption is 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to eight) 
(q) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/[         ]/["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" 
Knock-in Level]] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day,

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
(i) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
[If applicable insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Level: 
[Specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-in Determination Period] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(v) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-
in Determination Day.] 
(r) 
Knock-out Event:  
[Not Applicable/[         ]/["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" 
Knock-out Level]] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a Disrupted Day, 
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply] 
(i) 
Knock-out Level: 
[Specify] 
(ii) 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period] 
(iii) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(v) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-
out Determination Day] 
(s) 
Automatic Early Redemption Event: [Not Applicable/[         ]/["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level]/[SPS 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout in paragraph 
23 below applies]

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify/See definition in Condition 21] 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
 
[Specify] [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] specify any applicable Additional 
Business Centre (s)/not adjusted] 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level: 
[Specify] 
(iv) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[Specify] 
(v) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
[In the event that Automatic Early Redemption Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply] 
(t) 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence 
of Extraordinary Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
 
[Rate for accrual of interest [         ]/as specified in 
Condition 21.2(c)(iii)] 
(u) 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence 
of Additional Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
 
[Rate for accrual of interest [         ]/as specified in 
Condition 21.5(a)(iii)] 
22. 
Notice periods for Condition 6.2: 
Minimum period: [[30] days] 
 
Maximum period: [[60] days]  
23. 
SPS Payout: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
24. 
SPS Final Payout: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[SPS Final Payout - Reverse Convertible Notes 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from SPS Payout Conditions]]

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
 
[SPS Final Payout  – Vanilla Call Notes 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from SPS Payout Conditions]] 
 
[Autocall Notes 
[Insert related provisions from SPS Payout 
Conditions]] 
25. 
[SPS 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Payout: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Insert related provisions from SPS Payout 
Conditions]] 
Automatic Early Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/[         ]/["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
Automatic Early Redemption Level] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount: 
[Specify] 
Automatic Early Redemption Date(s): 
[Specify] [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] specify any applicable Additional 
Business Centre (s)/not adjusted] 
Automatic Early Redemption Level: 
[Specify] 
AER Redemption Percentage: 
[Specify] 
AER Rate(i): 
[Specify] 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
[In the event that Automatic Early Redemption Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply]] 
26. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[          ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[          ] per Calculation Amount  
 
(N.B: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes)

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part:  
[Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[          ]  
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[          ]  
(d) 
Notice periods:  
Minimum period: [[15] days]  
 
Maximum period: [[30] days]  
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent) 
27. 
Investor Put:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
(N.B. Not applicable to MREL Eligible Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(N.B: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, 
the Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods:  
Minimum period: [[15] days] [Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum period: [[30] days] [Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent) 
28. 
Redemption upon a MREL Disqualification 
Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in case of MREL Eligible 
Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non 
Preferred Notes)

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
29. 
Final Redemption Amount:  
[[see paragraph [20/21/23] above] [         ] per 
Calculation Amount] 
30. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default or as otherwise specified:  
[An amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Conditions /[         ] per 
Calculation Amount/Fair Market Value minus 
Costs per Calculation Amount]  
(N.B. If the Notes are to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility, then the Early 
Redemption Amount shall be no less than par)  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
31. 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount/See paragraph 
[         ]] 
(ii) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction 
Settlement/Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Not Applicable] 
(N.b. if the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
specify "Not Applicable") 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent City: 
[London]/[        ] 
(iv) 
Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
[Applicable and [Zero Recovery/Market Recovery] 
applies/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Entit[y][ies] [and relevant 
Weighting Percentages]: 
[        ] [Specify. If applicable set out in a Table 
which may be annexed to these Final Terms and for 
this item and subsequent items in this paragraph 30 
where relevant state: "See the Table annexed to 
these Final Terms"] 
[If the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
linked to a credit index, insert and complete as 
applicable: 
The Reference Entities and their relevant weighting 
percentages comprising the Index as at the Trade 
Date 
Index means, [        ] 
Index Publisher means, [        ] 
Index Sponsor means, [        ] 
Annex Date means [        ]] 
(vi) 
Reference Obligations: 
[Standard Reference Obligation: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
[If Standard Reference Obligation is specified as 
"Applicable" and "Additional Provisions for Senior 
Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" is not 
applicable, insert and complete as applicable: 
Seniority Level: [Senior Level][Subordinated 
Level]] 
[If the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes and 
if applicable insert: 
Standard Reference Obligation: Applicable if 
specified in the [Index/Table] for a Reference Entity 
only 
[Seniority Level: As specified in the [Index/Table] 
for a Reference Entity] 
(N.b. "Seniority Level" should not be included if the 
"Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations" are applicable to all 
Reference Entities.  If the "Additional Provisions for 
Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" are 
applicable to some only of the Reference Entities, in 
the Table this should be specified as "As set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions" for those Reference 
Entities)] 
 
[If the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes and 
if applicable insert: 
Reference Obligation: The Reference Obligation, if 
any, set out opposite the relevant Reference Entity 
in the [Index Annex/Table] 
[The 
obligations 
identified 
as 
follows: 
[        ] 
Primary Obligor: 
[        ] 
Guarantor: 
[        ] 
Maturity: 
[        ] 
Coupon: 
[        ] 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[        ]] 
(vii) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
 
 
(viii) 
Credit Events: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
[Bankruptcy]

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace Period Extension: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
Grace Period: [[        ]]]] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit 
Event: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
14 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder 
Obligation: Credit Linked Condition 15 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Mod R [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Mod Mod R [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
Default Requirement: 
[        ] 
Payment Requirement: 
[        ] 
Credit 
Event 
Backstop 
Date 
Amendment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
Public Source(s):  
[As defined in Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
13]/[specify other] 
 
Specified Number:  
[2]/[specify other] 
(x) 
Obligation(s): 
 
Obligation Category: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(select one only) 
[Payment]

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
[None] 
Obligation Characteristics:  
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(select all of which apply) 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency: 
 
[specify currency] [Standard Specified 
Currencies]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Domestic 
Currency 
means: 
[specify 
currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[None]/[specify other] 
(xi) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[None]/[specify other] 
(xii) 
Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B "Not Applicable" should be specified for 
Portfolio Credit Linked Notes) 
(xiii) 
Merger Event: 
Credit Linked Condition 12 [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
[Merger Event Redemption Amount:[        ]] 
 
Merger Event Redemption Date: [        ]] 
(xiv) 
Unwind Costs:  
[Standard Associated Costs/other/Not Applicable]

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
(xv) 
Credit Event Redemption Amount:  
[[        ] per Calculation Amount]/[Credit Linked 
Condition 13 applies] 
(xvi) 
Credit Event Redemption Date: 
[Subject to Credit Linked Condition 11 (Settlement 
Suspension), [[        ] Business Days following the 
latest of] [the date falling [        ] Business Days 
following the latest of ] [(i) the Auction Settlement 
Date or the date on which the Final Price is 
determined if Cash Settlement applies or is 
applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method and 
(ii) the Credit Event Determination Date]  
 
(N.b. Credit Event Redemption Amount and Credit 
Event Redemption Date above are only applicable 
where the Auction Settlement and/or Cash 
Settlement may apply. Other terms relating to 
valuation below will be relevant to consider in any 
circumstances where a Final Price is required to be 
calculated) 
(xvii) Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Single Valuation Date: 
 
[        ] Business Days] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
 
[        ] Business Days; and each [        ] Business 
Day thereafter 
 
Number of Valuation Dates: [        ]] 
(xviii) Valuation Time: 
[11 a.m. London time]/[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xx) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Quotation Amount: 
[[        ]/Representative Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxii) Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxiii) Quotation Dealers: 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxiv) Accrued Interest: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest/Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest/Not Applicable] [Credit Linked Condition 
13 applies] 
(xxv) 
Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest/Weighted Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] 
 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
(N.b. "Not Applicable" should be specified for Zero 
Recovery Portfolio Credit Linked Notes) 
Additional 
terms 
relating 
to 
Auction 
Settlement 
 
(xxvi) Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash 
Settlement]/[Physical 
Settlement]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Terms relating to Deliverable Obligations 
 
(xxvii) Deliverable Obligations  
 
The following are relevant to 
determining Valuation Obligations 
and do not imply that Physical 
Settlement will occur under the 
Notes which are cash settled or 
credit linked interest only: 
 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[Payment] 
(select one only) 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[Not Subordinated] 
(select all of which apply) 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency:  
 
[specify currency] [Standard Specified 
Currencies]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Domestic 
Currency 
means: 
[specify 
currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance]

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
 
[Qualifying Participation Seller: [insert 
details]] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: [        ]] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
[Sovereign 
No 
Asset 
Package 
Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[        ] 
(xxviii) Excluded Deliverable Obligation(s): [        ] 
Other terms 
 
(xxix) Physical Settlement Matrix: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Physical Settlement Matrix applies insert: 
Date of Physical Settlement Matrix: [specify date] 
Transaction Type: [Standard North American 
Corporate/Standard European Corporate/Standard 
European Financial Corporate/Standard European 
CoCo Financial Corporate/Standard Subordinated 
European Insurance Corporate /Standard Emerging 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Corporate B/Standard Latin America Corporate BL/ 
Standard Australia Corporate/Standard Australia 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Corporate/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan Financial Corporate/Standard Singapore 
Corporate/Standard 
Singapore 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard Asia Corporate/Standard Asia 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate/Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign/Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign/Standard 
New 
Zealand

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Sovereign/Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard 
Asia 
Sovereign/Standard 
Sukuk 
Sovereign/Standard 
U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit/Standard U.S. 
Municipal General Fund/Standard U.S. Municipal 
Revenue/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred 
Financial Corporate] (Specify per Reference 
Entity)] 
[If the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
insert: 
For the purposes of the Reference Entities listed in 
the Index Annex, the Transaction Type under the 
Physical Settlement Matrix is as specified in the 
Index. As at the Trade Date the Reference Entities 
comprising the Index are [specify each relevant 
Transaction Type from the list above]] 
(N.b. depending on the date of the Physical 
Settlement Matrix consider whether a supplement is 
required to amend the Credit Linked Conditions 
and/or pro forma Final Terms to reflect any 
amendments to the Physical Settlement Matrix 
reflected in that new version) 
(xxx) 
Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
(xxxi) Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
(xxxii) Reference 
Obligation 
Only 
Termination Amount: 
[[        ]/Not Applicable] 
(N.b. to be specified for the purposes of Credit 
Linked Condition 18 for Reference Obligation Only 
Notes relating to a single Reference Entity) 
(xxxiii) Provisions 
relating 
to 
CoCo 
Reference Entities: 
Credit Linked Condition 22 [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[If Applicable, insert if required: 
Trigger Percentage: [        ]] 
(N.b. If applicable this should be specified for each 
Reference Entity) 
(xxxiv) Credit 
Linked 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] 
(xxxv) Provisions relating to Senior Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations: 
Credit Linked Condition 23: [Applicable [for all 
Reference 
Entities]/Not 
Applicable 
[for 
all 
Reference Entities]/See Physical Settlement Matrix

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
[for each Transaction Type as specified in the 
Index] /See the Table annexed to these Final Terms] 
(N.b. Only specify "See the Table annexed to these 
Final Terms" if the "Additional Provisions for 
Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" are 
applicable to some only of the Reference Entities. If 
a table is specified, the table should then include a 
column specifying to which Reference Entities these 
provisions apply) 
(xxxvi) 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions: 
Credit Linked Condition 24: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix [for 
each Transaction Type as specified in the Index]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Fallback 
Discounting: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix]  
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix [for 
each Transaction Type as specified in the Index]]] 
(xxxvii) Limited Recourse Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
32. 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/Physical 
Delivery 
Option [1/2/3]] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Entitlement in relation to each Note: [The Entitlement Amount in relation to each Note 
is: 
 
[Delivery 
of 
Worst-Performing 
Underlying 
applicable: 
[Insert 
formula 
from 
SPS 
Payout 
Conditions] 
[Calculation Amount: []] 
Redemption Payout: [] 
SPS Valuation Date: []] 
 
[Delivery 
of 
Best-Performing 
Underlying 
applicable: 
[Insert 
formula 
from 
SPS 
Payout 
Conditions]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
[Calculation Amount: []] 
Redemption Payout: [] 
SPS Valuation Date: []] 
 
[Delivery of the Underlying applicable: 
[Insert 
formula 
from 
SPS 
Payout 
Conditions] 
[Calculation Amount: []] 
Redemption Payout: [] 
SPS Valuation Date: []] 
(b) 
Asset Amount: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[As specified above]/The relevant asset[s] to which 
the Notes relate [is/are] [         ] 
(d) 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[         ] 
33. 
Variation of Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Issuer's option to vary settlement: 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes 
(b) 
Variation of Settlement of Physical 
Delivery Notes: 
[Notwithstanding the fact that the Notes are 
Physical Delivery Notes, the Issuer may make 
payment of the Redemption Amount on the 
Maturity Date/The Issuer will procure delivery of 
the Asset Amount in respect of the Notes] 
34. 
Form of Notes:  
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]]  
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]  
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]]  
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].".) 
(b) 
New Global Note:  
[Yes] [No] 
35. 
Additional Financial Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not Interest Period End Dates to which 
subparagraphs 14(c) and 17(e) relate) 
36. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes:  
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
 
 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]] 
Signed on behalf of Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de 1'Etat, Luxembourg: 
 
By: ______________________  
Name:  ___________________  
Title:  ____________________

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be [admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant regulated market (for example, the 
Bourse de Luxembourg and, if relevant, listing on an 
official 
list 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange)]][listed on the Securities Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange without admission to 
trading] with effect from [         ].]  
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be [admitted to trading 
on [specify relevant regulated market (for example, 
the Bourse de Luxembourg and, if relevant, listing on 
an 
official 
list 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange)]][listed on the Securities Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange without admission to 
trading] with effect from [         ].] [Not Applicable]  
2. 
[EU 
Benchmark 
Regulation: 
EU 
Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Securities are 
calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
Benchmark[s]/the [relevant] Benchmark], which 
[is/are] 
provided 
by 
[insert 
name[s] of 
the 
Administrator[s]/the [relevant] Administrator[, as 
specified in the table below] (if more than one, specify 
in relation to each relevant Benchmark)]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of 
the 
Administrator[s]/the 
[relevant] 
Administrator[s]][[is/are] 
not 
included]/[[is/are] 
included][, as the case may be] specified in the table 
below] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
Administrators and Benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [(ESMA)] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
[(the BMR)][, as specified in the table below].  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name of 
Benchmark[s]/the [relevant] Benchmark] [does/do] 
not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of the BMR.]/[the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that the [relevant] 
Administrator is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration[, as specified in the table 
below].] [repeat as necessary or insert necessary 
information in a table below]] 
[Benchmark 
Administrator 
Register 
Other 
Information 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
[Not Applicable]] 
3. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated ]/[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant 
credit rating 
agency 
entity(ies) 
and 
associated defined terms].   
 
 [defined terms] is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As 
such [defined terms] is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. [OR [defined terms] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the CRA Regulation).] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has been previously published by the 
rating provider] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)  
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the Manager(s)/Dealer(s), so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest including any 
conflicting interest material to the issue.  The [Manager(s)/Dealer(s)] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(a) 
[Reasons for the offer:  
[See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Prospectus/Give 
details]] [The Notes are intended to be issued as Green 
Bonds, [further particulars to be provided].]

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the 
Prospectus, give details)] 
(b) 
Estimated net proceeds:  
[        ] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority.  If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
(c) 
Estimated total expenses:  
[        ].   
 
(Expenses are required to be broken down into each 
principal intended "use" and presented in order of 
priority of such "uses") 
 
6. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[        ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Not Applicable]/[Details of performance of [EURIBOR/ SARON/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/CMS 
Reference 
Rate/HICP] 
rates 
can 
be 
obtained, 
[but 
not] 
free 
of 
charge, 
from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].] 
8. 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/SHARE AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE UNDERLYING 
[Not Applicable]/ 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the index/share can 
be obtained.] 
[Name of the Issuer of the underlying security: 
 
[        ] 
[N.B. this shall not be the Issuer or an entity 
belonging to the Issuer's group] 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
Index name: 
[         ] 
Relevant weightings of each underlying in the basket: [         ] 
Source 
of 
information 
relating 
to 
the 
[index/indices/share]: 
[         ] 
Place where information to the [index/indices/share] 
can be obtained: 
[         ]

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes, (A) set out where information on past and future performance 
and volatility of each Reference Entity can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it 
can be obtained free of charge and (B) where no Reference Obligation or Reference Entity 
represents 20% or more of the basket or index of Reference Entities either (i) set out in a table (a) 
the names of the reference entities and (if different) issuers of the Reference Obligation; and (b) the 
ISIN of the Reference Obligation or (ii) where such information is already included in item 31 of 
the Final Terms, include a cross reference thereto or (iii) in respect of all other Credit Linked Notes 
insert: 
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [[Non-]Standard Reference 
Obligation] (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
Name: 
[] 
Address: 
[] 
Country of incorporation: 
[] 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[] (For example financials, energy, insurance, 
manufacturing, construction, transport, media 
determined on the basis of available information on 
the Reference Entity) 
Market[(s)] on which securities are admitted 
to trading: 
[] 
[[Non-]Standard 
Reference 
Obligation] 
Securities Code: 
[][Not Applicable]  
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant Reference Entity and should be repeated for each 
Reference Entity.  Country of incorporation, industry and address will be "Not Applicable" for a 
Sovereign Reference entity and Securities Code (eg. ISIN/CUSIP) will be "Not Applicable" if there 
is no Reference Obligation or it has no securities code.  Note permissible markets for a Reference 
Entity's securities to be admitted to trading on are regulated markets, equivalent third country 
markets and SME Growth Markets, each as described in Regulation EU No 2019/980, Annex 17, 
item 2.2.2 (a)(ii).  Where such requirement cannot be satisfied, a supplement or drawdown 
prospectus must be prepared that includes the required information to be addressed under Annex 
17, item 2.2.2 (a)(i).) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and future performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[insert electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg]. (Repeat for each Reference Entity as 
applicable)] 
9. 
UNDERLYING DISCLAIMER12 
[For use in connection with Indices (including Inflation Indices)] 
[Not Applicable] 
[The issue of this series of Notes (in this paragraph, the Transaction) is not sponsored, endorsed, 
sold, or promoted by [NAME OF INDEX] (the Index) or [NAME OF INDEX SPONSOR] (the Index 
                                                     
12  
Include for Index Linked Redemption Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
Sponsor) and the Index Sponsor does not make any representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which 
the Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise.  No Index or Index 
Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index.  
No Index Sponsor is making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the 
advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with entering into any Transaction / 
insert index disclaimer as per the relevant agreement with the respective Index Sponsor].  [The 
Issuer shall not have any liability for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection 
with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Index.  Except as disclosed prior to the Issue 
Date, neither the Issuer nor its affiliates have any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index 
Sponsor.] 
10. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION  
(a) 
ISIN:  
[         ] 
(b) 
Common Code:  
[         ] 
(c) 
CFI: 
[[include code]13, as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(d) 
FISN 
[[include code]14, as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg, 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s) 
and 
address(es):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[Address] 
(f) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):  
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
                                                     
13  
The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
14  
The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
15  
This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Notes as of the date of the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
11. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments/quotas 
(material 
features): 
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses and 
underwriting commitments] 
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a best efforts 
basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
(c) 
Date of Subscription Agreement:  
[         ] 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):  [Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of relevant Dealer:  
[Not applicable/give name and address] 
(f) 
Total 
commission 
and 
concession:  
[         ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount  
(g) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions:  
[Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not 
applicable]  
(h) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the remaining placeholders of this paragraph 
(h) and also paragraph 12 below).  
(i) 
Offer Period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date or a description of 
the date such as "the Issue Date" or "the date which 
falls [] Business Days thereafter"] 
(j) 
Financial intermediaries granted 
specific consent to use the 
[Insert 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
financial 
intermediaries receiving consent (specific consent)]

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
Prospectus in accordance with the 
Conditions in it: 
(k) 
General Consent: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Other Authorised Offeror Terms: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms]. 
 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be included 
here where General Consent is applicable.) 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a non-
exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions.  No such offer 
should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until those 
requirements have been met.  Non-exempt offers may 
only be made into jurisdictions in which the 
prospectus 
(and 
any 
supplement) 
has 
been 
notified/passported) 
(m) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
(n) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Applicable" should be specified.) 
12. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  
Offer Price:  
[Issue Price][Not applicable][Specify]  
[Conditions to which the offer is subject:]  [Not applicable/give details] 
[Description of the application process:]  
[Not applicable/give details]  
[Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of the application:]  
[Not applicable/give details]  
[Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants:]  
[Not applicable/give details]

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
[Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes:]  
[Not applicable/give details]  
[Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public:]  
[Not applicable/give details]  
[Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercised:]  
[Not applicable/give details]  
[Whether 
tranche(s) 
has/have 
been 
reserved for certain countries:]  
[Not applicable/give details]  
[Process for  notifying applicants of the 
amount allotted and an indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made:]  
[Not applicable/give details]  
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser:]  
[Not applicable/give details]  
 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or PRIIPs 
such that it is required to disclose information relating 
to costs and charges, also include that information) 
[Name(s)] and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place:]  
[The Authorised Offerors identified in paragraph 11 
above] 
[Name and address of the entities which 
have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries 
in 
secondary 
trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of 
their commitment:] 
[None/give details] 
13. 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986. [Additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes 
will be available from [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact].]] [As at the date of these 
Final Terms, the Issuer has not determined whether the Notes are Specified Notes for purposes of 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; however, indicatively it considers that 
they will [not] be Specified Notes for these purposes. This is indicative information only, subject to 
change, and if the Issuer's final determination is different then it will give notice of such 
determination. [Please contact [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for further 
information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.]]15 (The Notes will not be 
Specified Notes if they (i) are issued prior to January 1, 2025 and are not "delta-one" for U.S. tax 
purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a 
                                                     
15  
This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Notes as of the date of the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
U.S. equity or an index that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to January 1, 2025 and provide a return that does 
not differ significantly from the return on an investment in the underlying, or (ii) are issued after 
January 1, 2025, further analysis would be required. If the Notes are Specified Notes, include the 
"Additional information" sentence and provide the appropriate contact information at the Issuer.)] 
14. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO GREEN BONDS  
(a) 
Green Bonds 
[Yes/No] 
(b) 
[Reviewer(s):] 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) [and name 
of third party assurance agent] and [give details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability]] 
(c) 
[Date of third party opinion(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
ANNEX 1 
SUMMARY  
[         ]

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS (WHOLESALE) 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are not 
Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
or more issued under the Programme.  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or [more/both) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended or superseded, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II[/; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation]. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
[more/both) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA[/; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2   
[3MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
                                                     
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA or UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
4[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
5 [MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional 
clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; 
EITHER6 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR 7[(ii) all channels for distribution 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]8.]] 
9[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
                                                     
4  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach (UK). 
5  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
6  
Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
7 
 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there 
are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution 
services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
8  
If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination 
of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
9  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach (UK).

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not "prescribed capital 
markets products" pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)]".]10 
[In respect of any tranche of Notes issued in Singapore Dollars with a denomination of less than S$200,000, 
the following information is provided pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Banking Regulations made under the 
Banking Act 1970 of Singapore: 
(a) 
the place of booking of the Notes is [●]; 
(b) 
the branch or office of the Issuer at which the tranche of the Notes is booked is not subject to 
regulation or supervision in Singapore; 
(c) 
the tranche of Notes is [not secured by any means] OR [secured by [please describe the nature of 
the security, the name of the mortgagor, chargor or guarantor and whether such person is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore]].] 
[Date] 
BANQUE ET CAISSE D'EPARGNE DE L'ETAT, LUXEMBOURG 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): R7CQUF1DQM73HUTV1078 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$8,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Prospectus dated 30 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Prospectus 
dated [date[s]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the Prospectus).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus [as so supplemented] in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.  The Prospectus is available on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and copies may be obtained from the Issuer's registered office at 1-2 place 
de Metz, L-2954 Luxembourg and from Citibank, N.A., London Branch at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom.] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the 
notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Prospectus dated [22 August 2022]/[17 December 2021]/[1 July 
2021]/[1 July 2020]/[28 June 2019]/[30 June 2016]/[30 June 2015]/[30 June 2014] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Prospectus dated 30 June 2023.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
                                                     
10  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
Prospectus dated 30 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the Prospectus dated [date[s]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Prospectus) in order to 
obtain all the relevant information.  The Prospectus is available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com) and copies may be obtained from the Issuer's registered office at 1-2 place de 
Metz, L-2954 Luxembourg and from Citibank, N.A., London Branch at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom.] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other final terms or information consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number:  
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number:  
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 32 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [         ]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[         ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
 
(a) 
Series:  
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche:  
[         ] 
(c) 
Units:  
[         ] Units (being the equivalent of [insert 
currency]; [insert amount])] [Not Applicable] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[         ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
 
(a) 
Specified Denominations:  
[         ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions):  
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
6. 
 
(a) 
Issue Date:  
[         ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date:  
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]  
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed Rate Note – specify date/Floating Rate Note 
or any other Note where the Interest Period end 
date(s) are adjusted – Interest Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to [specify month]/[(the Scheduled 
Maturity Date) subject to adjustment as provided in 
the Credit Linked Conditions]]  
8. 
Interest Basis:  
[[         ]% Fixed Rate] [subject to interest rate 
step-up as specified in subparagraph 13(h) below] 
 
[[[         ] month [EURIBOR]]/[CMS Reference 
Rate] +/- [         ]% 
 
Floating Rate]] 
[SARON Compounded] 
[Compounded Daily SONIA] 
[Compounded Daily SOFR] 
[Weighted Average SOFR] 
[Compounded Daily €STR] 
 
[Zero Coupon]  
 
[[         ]% Fixed Rate] [[         ] month [EURIBOR] 
[+/-][         ] per cent. Floating Rate] Range 
Accrual/Dual Range Accrual] 
 
[Inflation Linked Interest]  
 
(see paragraph [14/15/16/18/19] below)  
9. 
SPS Coupon Rate (include one or more of 
the following if applicable): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[SPS Digital Coupon applicable] 
 
[SPS Snowball Digital Coupon applicable] 
 
(see paragraph [17] below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes may be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [    ]% of their nominal amount] 
 
[Index Linked Redemption]  
 
[Equity Linked Redemption]  
[Credit Linked Redemption] 
 
[SPS Payout]

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
11. 
Change 
of 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Specify the date when any e.g. fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there] [Not applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options:  
 
 
[Investor Put] 
(N.B. Not applicable to MREL Eligible Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes) 
 
[Issuer Call]  
 
[(see paragraph 25/26 below)]  
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
 
(a) 
Status of the Notes:  
[Senior [Preferred/Non Preferred]/Subordinated]  
 
(issues of Subordinated Notes are subject to the 
prior written consent of the Ministry of Treasury of 
Luxembourg) 
(b) 
MREL Notes: 
[Applicable/Non Applicable] 
(In case of an issuance of Notes which are debt 
instruments with an embedded derivative, MREL 
eligibility will be subject to further conditions under 
the SRMR, including that either (i) the principal 
amount of the Notes being known at the time of issue, 
being fixed or increasing and not being affected by 
an embedded derivative feature and the bank having 
the ability to perform a daily valuation of the 
liability in line with Article 12c(2)(a) SRMR even in 
stressed market conditions; or (ii) the debt 
instrument includes a contractual term in line with 
Article 12c(2)(b) SRMR). 
(c) 
Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes obtained:  
[[          ] 
[and 
[        ], 
respectively]] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest:  
[        ]% [per annum] payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
[For interest step-up Notes: [        ]% per annum 
commencing on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date until (but not including) [date]

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
 
[        ]% [per annum] commencing on (and 
including) [date] until (but not including) [date]11 
 
[        ]% [per annum] commencing on (and 
including) [date] until (but not including) the 
Maturity Date]] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[[        ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date/[specify dates]] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Interest Period End Date(s):  
[        ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] specify any applicable 
Additional Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
Business Day]/[not adjusted] 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions):  
[        ] per Calculation Amount  
(e) 
[Initial/Final] Broken Amount(s) 
for Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form see 
Conditions):  
[[        ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [        ]/[Not 
applicable] 
(f) 
Fixed Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/360, 30/360, 360/360, Bond Basis, 30E/360, 
Eurobond Basis, Actual/365 (Fixed), Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] [Not Applicable] (Note that if interest is 
not payable on a regular basis (for example, if there 
are Broken Amounts specified) Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) will not be a suitable Fixed Day Count 
Fraction) 
(g) 
Determination Date(s):  
[[        ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or maturity date in the case of a long or short first 
or last coupon.)  
(h) 
Interest rate step-up: 
[Applicable, for further details see paragraph 14(a) 
above/Not Applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
                                                     
11  
Further periods to be inserted as necessary.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
(a) 
Interest Period End Dates:  
[         ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[FRN 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Dates:  
[         ] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s):  
 
(i) 
For fixing:  
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
For Interest Period End 
Dates:  
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent):  
[         ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
 
(i) 
Reference Rate:  
 
[SARON Compounded] 
[Compounded Daily SONIA] 
[Compounded Daily SOFR] 
[Weighted Average SOFR] 
[Compounded Daily €STR] 
[[         ] month [EURIBOR]/CMS Reference Rate] 
(ii) 
Term Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Specified Time: 
[[11.00 a.m./[   ]] in the Relevant Financial Centre]   
[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[Zurich/London/New York/Brussels/[   ]] 
[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Overnight Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Relevant Number: 
[5/[   ]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days][TARGET Business 
Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(If “Index Determination” is “Not Applicable”, 
delete “Relevant Number” and complete the 
remaining paragraphs below) 
(If “Index Determination” is “Applicable”, insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) as 
the Relevant Number, and the remaining paragraphs 
below will each be “Not Applicable”)

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
(If the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded delete 
this paragraph) 
(viii) 
D: 
[30/365/[   ]] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded delete 
this paragraph) 
(ix) 
Observation Period: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded delete 
this paragraph) 
(x) 
Lag Period: 
[5/[   ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [TARGET Business 
Days] [[City] Banking Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded delete 
this paragraph) 
(xi) 
Observation Shift Period: 
[5/[   ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [TARGET Business 
Days] [[City] Banking Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking 
days should be specified for the Lag Period or 
Observation Shift Period unless otherwise agreed 
with the Calculation Agent) 
(If the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded delete 
this paragraph) 
(xii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ] 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
(xiii) 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(f) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
CMS Screen Page: 
[Condition 4.2(b)(iii) applies/[        ]] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[Condition 4.2(b)(iii) applies/[        ]/] 
(iii) 
Reference Currency: 
[Euro/Sterling/United States dollar] 
(iv) 
Designated Maturity: 
[[        ]]

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
(v) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Agent/named Manager/other] 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(h) 
Margin(s):  
[+/-] [         ]% per annum  
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[[         ]% per annum ] [Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[[         ]% per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
 
[Actual/360]  
 
[30/360]  
 
[360/360]  
 
[Bond Basis]  
 
[30E/360]  
 
[Eurobond Basis]  
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield:  
[         ]% per annum  
(b) 
Reference Price:  
[         ] 
(c) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable:  
[         ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:  
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
17. 
SPS Coupon Rate (include one or more of 
the following if applicable): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[SPS Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from SPS Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[SPS Snowball Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from SPS Payout Conditions.]]]

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
(a) 
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
(c) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[         ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] specify any applicable 
Additional Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
Business Day]/[not adjusted] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
18. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Screen Page: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Cap Level: 
[        ]% 
(c) 
Floor Level: 
 [        ]% 
(d) 
Multiplier: 
 [        ]% 
(e) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the interest due: 
[        ]  
(f) 
Interest Period End Dates:  
[          ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[FRN 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
(g) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[     ] 
(h) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[     ] 
(i) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ]% per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ]% per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
 
[Actual/360]  
 
[30/360]  
 
[360/360]  
 
[Bond Basis]  
 
[30E/360]  
 
[Eurobond Basis ] 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(m) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
(n) 
Related Bond: 
[        ]/[Fall Back Bond] 
(o) 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
(p) 
Fall Back Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(q) 
Index Sponsor: 
[        ] 
(r) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
(s) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[        ] 
19. 
Range Accrual Note Provisions: 
[Fixed Rate Range Accrual Note] 
[Floating Rate Range Accrual Note] 
[Fixed Rate Dual Range Accrual Note] 
[Floating Rate Dual Range Accrual Note] 
[CMS Range Accrual Note] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(The following is applicable in relation to Fixed Rate Range Accrual Notes, Fixed Rate Dual Range 
Accrual Notes or CMS Range Accrual Notes that bear fixed rate interest) 
(a) 
Fixed Rate: 
[         ]% per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[  ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
Convention] specify any applicable Additional 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of Business 
Day]/[not adjusted] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[        ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] specify any applicable 
Additional Business Centre (s)/not adjusted] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/360, 
30/360, 
Bond 
Basis, 
30E/360, 
Eurobond Basis, Actual/365 (Fixed), Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
(e) 
Determination Dates: 
[[  ] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon.  N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(The following is applicable in relation to Floating Rate Range Accrual Notes, Floating Rate Dual Range 
Accrual Notes or CMS Range Accrual Notes that bear floating rate interest) 
(f) 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[          ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[FRN 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not adjusted] 
(g) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ] 
(h) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(i) 
For fixing: 
[          ] [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
For Interest Period End 
Dates: 
[          ] [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[          ] month [EURIBOR][CMS Reference Rate] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(iv) 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[ ] / [Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][          ]% per annum 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ]% per annum 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ]% per annum 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
 
[Actual/360]  
 
[30/360]  
 
[360/360]  
 
[Bond Basis]  
 
[30E/360]  
 
[Eurobond Basis]  
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(The following must be completed in relation to all Range Accrual Notes (other than Dual Range Accrual 
Notes)) 
(n) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[  ] [Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Upper Range: 
[  ]% 
 
(If the Upper Range adjusts with various periods use 
the table below) 
 
From 
and 
including 
To 
but 
excluding 
Upper Range 
 
[    ] 
[     ] 
[  ]% 
(p) 
Lower Range: 
[  ]% 
 
 
 
(If the Lower Range adjusts with various periods use 
the table below) 
 
From 
and 
including 
To 
but 
excluding 
Lower Range 
 
[     ] 
[     ] 
[  ]% 
(q) 
Range Accrual Reference Rate: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[          ] month [EURIBOR]]/[CMS Reference 
Rate]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
 
(The following is applicable only in relation to CMS 
Range Accrual Notes) 
 
Reference Currency: [Euro/Sterling/United States 
dollar] 
 
Designated Maturity: [         ] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
• 
Range Accrual Reference 
Rate 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Observation Date/specify other period] 
• 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[ ] / [Not Applicable] 
(r) 
Calculation Agent:  
[give name] 
(s) 
Autoswitch: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
(i) 
Target Rate: 
[        ]% 
(ii) 
Switch Rate: 
[        ]% 
(The following must be completed in relation to Dual Range Accrual Notes) 
(t) 
Upper Range1: 
[         ]% 
 
(If the Upper Range1 adjusts with various periods 
use the table below) 
 
From 
and 
including  
To 
but 
excluding 
Upper Range1 
 
[         ] 
[         ] 
[         ]% 
(u) 
Lower Range1: 
[         ]% 
 
(If the Lower Range1 adjusts with various periods 
use the table below 
 
From 
and 
including  
To 
but 
excluding 
Lower Range1 
 
[         ] 
[         ] 
[         ]% 
(v) 
Upper Range2: 
[         ]% 
 
(If the Upper Range2 adjusts with various periods 
use the table below)

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
 
From 
and 
including  
To 
but 
excluding 
Upper Range2 
 
[         ] 
[         ] 
[         ]% 
(w) 
Lower Range2: 
[         ]% 
 
(If the Lower Range2 adjusts with various periods 
use the table below 
 
From 
and 
including  
To 
but 
excluding 
Lower Range2 
 
[         ] 
[         ] 
[         ]% 
(x) 
Range Accrual Reference Rate: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate1: 
[[          ] month [EURIBOR]]/[CMS Reference 
Rate] 
 
(The following is applicable in relation to CMS 
Range Accrual Notes) 
 
Reference Currency: [Euro/Sterling/United States 
dollar] 
 
Designated Maturity: [          ] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page for 
Reference Rate1: 
[         ] 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
• 
Reference Rate2: 
[[          ] month [EURIBOR]]/[CMS Reference 
Rate/CMS Formula Rate] 
 
(The following is applicable in relation to CMS 
Range Accrual Notes) 
 
Reference Currency: [Euro/Sterling/United States 
dollar] 
 
Designated Maturity: [          ] 
 
(The following is applicable in relation to CMS 
Formula Rate) 
 
Reference Currency1: [Euro/Sterling/United States 
dollar] 
 
Designated Maturity1: [          ] 
 
Reference Currency2: [Euro/Sterling/United States 
dollar]

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity2: [          ] 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
Reference Rate2: 
[         ] 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
• 
Range Accrual Reference 
Rate 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Observation Date/specify other period] 
• 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[ ] / [Not Applicable] 
(y) 
Calculation Agent:  
[give name]  
(z) 
Autoswitch: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
(i) 
Target Rate: 
[         ]% 
(ii) 
Switch Rate: 
[         ]% 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Index Linked Redemption Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Indices: 
[        ] 
 
(If more than one, refer to as Index1, Index2 etc.) 
(b) 
Screen Page: 
(Specify if applicable, or give the sources of 
observation for each index) 
(c) 
Component Transactions: 
[        ] 
(d) 
Formula: 
[Autocall [In the case of Autocall specify Autocall 
Trigger Level: [         ]% of the Initial Price, 
Percentage Multiplier: [         ]% for Observation 
Date (1), [         ]% for Observation Date (2) etc.  
Lower Threshold Level: [         ]% of the Initial 
Price, Lower Threshold Multiplier: [         ]%, 
Threshold Level: [         ]% of the Initial Price, 
Threshold 
Multiplier: 
[         ]% 
and 
Final 
Percentage Multiplier: [         ]%.]/[Autocall with 
Spread [In the case of Autocall with Spread specify: 
Autocall Trigger Level: [         ]% of the Initial 
Price, Multiplier: [         ]% and Final Percentage 
Multiplier: [         ]%/[Lookback [In the case of 
Lookback specify Multiplier: [         ]%, Floor 
Level: [         ] and x: [         ]] [Short-term Lookback 
[In the case of Short-term Lookback specify

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
Multiplier: 
[         ]%, 
Short-term 
Lookback 
Multiplier: [         ]%, Cap Level: [         ], Floor 
Level: [         ] and x:[          ]] [Double Win [In the 
case of Double Win specify. Barrier Level 
Multiplier: [         ]%, Cap Level: [         ]%, Floor 
Level: [         ] and Final Valuation Date: [         ]] 
[Triple Index [In the case of Triple Index specify 
Multiplier: [         ]%] [Asian Call [In the case of 
Asian Call specify Multiplier: [         ]%, Cap Level: 
[         ]% and Floor Level: [         ]%] [Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the redemption amount 
due: 
[        ]  
(f) 
Settlement Price: 
 
(g) 
Relevant Level: 
[        ] 
Index Currency: [         ] [The official closing level 
for the Index/Indices] [the official fixing eventually 
calculated and/or published by the Index Sponsor] 
[the Valuation Method] 
(h) 
Valuation Date: 
[        ] 
(i) 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest]/[Average Highest]/[Market Value]  
(j) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid]/[Mid]/[Ask] 
(k) 
Quotation Amount: 
[        ]/[As set out in Condition 21] 
(l) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
 
[The Averaging Dates are [        ]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
[Modified Postponement is applicable] 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [        ]/[eight]] 
 
(if no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to eight) 
(m) 
Observation Date(s): 
[Observation Date(1): [         ], Observation Date (2): 
[         ] etc.] [Not Applicable].] [In the event that an 
Observation 
Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
(n) 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
corresponding 
to 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[Early Redemption Date 
(1): [         ], Early 
Redemption Date (2): [         ] etc./ Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Observation Period: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(p) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index 
Basis/As per Conditions] 
(q) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index 
Basis/As per Conditions] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(r) 
Exchange(s) and Index Sponsor: 
(i) 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [        ] and 
 
(ii) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is [        ]. 
(s) 
Related Exchange: 
[Specify/Each exchange or quotation system on 
which option contracts or futures contracts relating 
such Index is traded/All Exchanges] 
(t) 
Relevant Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the 
Valuation Date/during the Observation Period.] 
[The relevant time is [        ], being the time specified 
on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, for the calculation of the Settlement 
Price.] (N.B. if no Relevant Time is specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
(u) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] 
The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies.) 
 
[Change of Law] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[(ii)] 
[The Trade Date is [        ].  [If no Trade 
Date is specified, Issue Date will be the 
Trade Date] 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Change of Law 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging is 
applicable)] 
 
[(iii)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of 
[specify 
in 
relation 
to 
each

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
security/commodity comprised in an Index] 
is [        ]. 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
 
[(iv)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify 
in 
relation 
to 
each 
security/commodity comprised in an Index] 
is [        ]. 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)]] 
(v) 
Market Disruption:  
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to [        ]/[eight] 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to eight) 
(w) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/[    ]/["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" 
Knock-in Level]] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
(i) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
[If applicable insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Level: 
[Specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-in Determination Period] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(v) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.] 
(x) 
Knock-out Event:  
[Not 
Applicable/[        ]/["greater 
than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" 
Knock-out Level]]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a Disrupted Day, 
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply] 
(i) 
Knock-out Level: 
[Specify] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period] 
(iii) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(v) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: [Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-
out Determination Day] 
(y) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable/[       ]/["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level]/[SPS 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout in paragraph 
23 below applies] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify/See definition in Condition 20] 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[Specify] [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] specify any applicable Additional 
Business Centre (s)/not adjusted] 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level: 
[Specify] 
(iv) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[Specify] 
(v) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
[In the event that Automatic Early Redemption Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
21. 
Equity Linked Redemption Note Provisions: [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub­paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Share(s): 
[        ] 
(b) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[        ] 
(c) 
Strike: 
[         ]% of the Initial Price 
(d) 
Settlement Price: 
[        ] [As set out in Condition 21] 
 
[Exchange Rate: [        ]] 
(e) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating any amount due under 
the Notes: 
[        ] (N.B. Specify name and address) 
(f) 
Valuation Date: 
[        ] 
(g) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes.  
[The Averaging Dates are [        ]] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
 
[Modified Postponement is applicable] 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to: [        ]/[eight]] 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to eight) 
(h) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The 
Observation 
Date(s) 
is/are 
[        ]/Not 
Applicable] [In the event that an Observation Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Date[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
(i) 
Observation Period: 
[   ] [Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Exchange Business Day:  
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share 
Basis/As per Conditions]  
(k) 
Scheduled Trading Day:  
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share 
Basis/As per Conditions] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day)

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
(l) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [        ] 
(m) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[   ]/[Each exchange or quotation system on which 
option contracts or futures contracts relating to such 
Share(s) are traded/All Exchanges] 
(n) 
Relevant Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the 
Valuation Date/during the Observation Period.]  
[The relevant time is [        ], being the time specified 
on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, for the calculation of the Settlement 
Price.]  
 
(N.B. if no Relevant Time is specified, the Valuation 
Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
(o) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] 
The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies.) 
 
[Change of Law] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Failure to Deliver] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[(ii)] 
[The Trade Date is [        ]. 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Change of Law 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging is 
applicable)] 
 
[(iii)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant 
Share] is [        ]. 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
 
[(iv)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] 
is [        ]. 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
(p) 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to [        ]/[eight] 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption is 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will 
be equal to eight)

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
(q) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/[    ]/["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" 
Knock-in Level]] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply.] 
(i) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
[If applicable insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Level: 
[Specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-in Determination Period] 
(iv) 
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(v) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(vi) 
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.] 
(r) 
Knock-out Event:  
[Not 
Applicable/[        ]/["greater 
than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" 
Knock-out Level]] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is 
a Disrupted Day, 
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply] 
(i) 
Knock-out Level: 
[Specify] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period] 
(iii) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify]

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
(v) 
Knock-out Valuation Time: [Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-
out Determination Day] 
(s) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable/[         ]/["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level]/[SPS 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout in paragraph 
23 below applies] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify/See definition in Condition 21] 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[Specify] [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] specify any applicable Additional 
Business Centre (s)/not adjusted] 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level: 
[Specify] 
(iv) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[Specify] 
(v) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
[In the event that Automatic Early Redemption 
Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply] 
(t) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
Extraordinary 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
 
[Rate for accrual of interest [        ]/as specified in 
Condition 21.2(c)(iii)] 
(u) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
Additional 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
 
[Rate for accrual of interest [        ]/as specified in 
Condition 21.5(a)(iii)] 
22. 
Notice periods for Condition 6.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days  
 
Maximum period: [60] days  
23. 
SPS Final Payout: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
 
[SPS Final Payout - Reverse Convertible Notes 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from SPS Payout Conditions]] 
 
[SPS Final Payout  – Vanilla Call Notes 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from SPS Payout Conditions]] 
 
[Autocall Notes 
[Insert related provisions from SPS Payout 
Conditions]] 
24. 
[SPS 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Payout 
[Insert related provisions from SPS Payout 
Conditions]] 
Automatic Early Redemption Event:  
[Not Applicable/[         ]/["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
Automatic Early Redemption Level] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount: 
[Specify] 
Automatic Early Redemption Date(s): 
[Specify] [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] specify any applicable Additional 
Business Centre (s)/not adjusted] 
Automatic Early Redemption Level: 
[Specify] 
AER Redemption Percentage: 
[Specify] 
AER Rate(i): 
[Specify] 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
[In the event that Automatic Early Redemption 
Date is a Disrupted Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply]] 
25. 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[         ]

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[         ] per Calculation Amount  
(N.B: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, the 
Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
If redeemable in part:  
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Notice Periods:  
Minimum period: [15] days  
 
Maximum period: [30] days  
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
26. 
Investor Put:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
(N.B. Not applicable to MREL Eligible Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[        ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount:  
[        ] per Calculation Amount  
 
(N.B: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, the 
Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice Periods:  
Minimum period: [15] days  
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent)  
27. 
Redemption upon a MREL Disqualification 
Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in case of MREL Eligible 
Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non Preferred 
Notes) 
28. 
Final Redemption Amount:  
[[see paragraph [20/21/23] above] [         ] per 
Calculation Amount] 
29. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default or as otherwise specified:  
[An amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Conditions [           ]/per 
Calculation Amount/Fair Market Value minus Costs 
per Calculation Amount] 
(N.B. If the Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, 
then the Early Redemption Amount shall be no less 
than par) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
30. 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount/See paragraph 
[        ]] 
(ii) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction 
Settlement/Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Not Applicable] 
(N.b. if the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
specify "Not Applicable") 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent City: 
[London]/[        ] 
(iv) 
Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
[Applicable and [Zero Recovery/Market Recovery] 
applies/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Entit[y][ies] [and relevant 
Weighting Percentages]: 
[        ] [Specify. If applicable set out in a Table 
which may be annexed to these Final Terms and for 
this item and subsequent items in this paragraph 30 
where relevant state: "See the Table annexed to 
these Final Terms"] 
[If the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
linked to a credit index, insert and complete as 
applicable: 
The Reference Entities and their relevant weighting 
percentages comprising the Index as at the Trade 
Date 
Index means, [        ]

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
Index Publisher means, [        ] 
Index Sponsor means, [        ] 
Annex Date means [        ]] 
(vi) 
Reference Obligations: 
[Standard Reference Obligation: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[If Standard Reference Obligation is specified as 
"Applicable" and "Additional Provisions for Senior 
Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" is not 
applicable, insert and complete as applicable: 
Seniority Level: [Senior Level][Subordinated 
Level]] 
[If the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes and 
if applicable insert: 
Standard Reference Obligation: Applicable if 
specified in the [Index/Table] for a Reference Entity 
only 
[Seniority Level: As specified in the [Index/Table] 
for a Reference Entity] 
(N.b. "Seniority Level" should not be included if the 
"Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations" are applicable to all 
Reference Entities.  If the "Additional Provisions for 
Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" are 
applicable to some only of the Reference Entities, in 
the Table this should be specified as "As set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions" for those Reference 
Entities)] 
 
[If the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes and 
if applicable insert: 
Reference Obligation: The Reference Obligation, if 
any, set out opposite the relevant Reference Entity 
in the [Index Annex/Table] 
[The 
obligations 
identified 
as 
follows: 
[        ] 
Primary Obligor: 
[        ] 
Guarantor: 
[        ] 
Maturity: 
[        ] 
Coupon: 
[        ] 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[        ]]

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
(vii) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
 
 
(viii) 
Credit Events: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay] 
 
[Grace Period Extension: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
Grace Period: [[        ]]]] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit 
Event: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
14 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder 
Obligation: Credit Linked Condition 15 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Mod R [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Mod Mod R [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
Default Requirement: 
[        ] 
Payment Requirement: 
[        ] 
Credit 
Event 
Backstop 
Date 
Amendment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
Public Source(s):  
[As defined in Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
13]/[specify other]

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
 
Specified Number:  
[2]/[specify other] 
(x) 
Obligation(s): 
 
Obligation Category: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(select one only) 
[Payment] 
 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
[None] 
Obligation Characteristics:  
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(select all of which apply) 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency: 
 
[specify currency] [Standard Specified 
Currencies]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Domestic 
Currency 
means: 
[specify 
currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[None]/[specify other] 
(xi) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[None]/[specify other] 
(xii) 
Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B "Not Applicable" should be specified for 
Portfolio Credit Linked Notes) 
(xiii) 
Merger Event: 
Credit Linked Condition 12 [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable insert:

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
 
[Merger Event Redemption Amount:[        ]] 
 
Merger Event Redemption Date:[        ]] 
(xiv) 
Unwind Costs:  
[Standard Associated Costs/other/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Credit Event Redemption Amount:  
[[        ] per Calculation Amount]/[Credit Linked 
Condition 13 applies] 
(xvi) 
Credit Event Redemption Date: 
[Subject to Credit Linked Condition 11 (Settlement 
Suspension), [[        ] Business Days following the 
latest of] [the date falling [        ] Business Days 
following the latest of ] [(i) the Auction Settlement 
Date or the date on which the Final Price is 
determined if Cash Settlement applies or is 
applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method and 
(ii) the Credit Event Determination Date]  
 
(N.b. Credit Event Redemption Amount and Credit 
Event Redemption Date above are only applicable 
where the Auction Settlement and/or Cash 
Settlement may apply. Other terms relating to 
valuation below will be relevant to consider in any 
circumstances where a Final Price is required to be 
calculated) 
(xvii) Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Single Valuation Date: 
 
[        ] Business Days] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
 
[        ] Business Days; and each [        ] Business 
Day thereafter 
 
Number of Valuation Dates: [        ]] 
(xviii) Valuation Time: 
[11 a.m. London time]/[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xx) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Quotation Amount: 
[[        ]/Representative Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxii) Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxiii) Quotation Dealers: 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxiv) Accrued Interest: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest/Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest/Not Applicable] [Credit Linked Condition 
13 applies]

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
(xxv) 
Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest/Weighted Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(N.b. "Not Applicable" should be specified for Zero 
Recovery Portfolio Credit Linked Notes) 
Additional 
terms 
relating 
to 
Auction 
Settlement 
 
(xxvi) Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash 
Settlement]/[Physical 
Settlement]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Terms relating to Deliverable Obligations 
 
(xxvii) Deliverable Obligations  
 
The following are relevant to 
determining Valuation Obligations 
and do not imply that Physical 
Settlement will occur under the 
Notes which are cash settled or 
credit linked interest only: 
 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[Payment] 
(select one only) 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[Not Subordinated] 
(select all of which apply) 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency:  
 
[specify currency] [Standard Specified 
Currencies]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Domestic 
Currency 
means: 
[specify 
currency]]

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan] 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
 
[Qualifying Participation Seller: [insert 
details]] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: [        ]] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
[Sovereign 
No 
Asset 
Package 
Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[        ] 
(xxviii) Excluded Deliverable Obligation(s): [        ] 
Other terms 
 
(xxix) Physical Settlement Matrix: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Physical Settlement Matrix applies insert: 
Date of Physical Settlement Matrix: [specify date] 
Transaction Type: [Standard North American 
Corporate/Standard European Corporate/Standard 
European Financial Corporate/Standard European 
CoCo Financial Corporate/Standard Subordinated 
European Insurance Corporate /Standard Emerging 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Corporate B/Standard Latin America Corporate BL/ 
Standard Australia Corporate/Standard Australia 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Corporate/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan Financial Corporate/Standard Singapore 
Corporate/Standard 
Singapore 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard Asia Corporate/Standard Asia 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Sukuk

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
Corporate/Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign/Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign/Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard 
Asia 
Sovereign/Standard 
Sukuk 
Sovereign/Standard 
U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit/Standard U.S. 
Municipal General Fund/Standard U.S. Municipal 
Revenue/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred 
Financial Corporate] (Specify per Reference 
Entity)] 
[If the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
insert: 
For the purposes of the Reference Entities listed in 
the Index Annex, the Transaction Type under the 
Physical Settlement Matrix is as specified in the 
Index. As at the Trade Date the Reference Entities 
comprising the Index are [specify each relevant 
Transaction Type from the list above]] 
(N.b. depending on the date of the Physical 
Settlement Matrix consider whether a supplement is 
required to amend the Credit Linked Conditions 
and/or pro forma Final Terms to reflect any 
amendments to the Physical Settlement Matrix 
reflected in that new version) 
(xxx) 
Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
(xxxi) Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
(xxxii) Reference 
Obligation 
Only 
Termination Amount: 
[[        ]/Not Applicable] 
(N.b. to be specified for the purposes of Credit 
Linked Condition 18 for Reference Obligation Only 
Notes relating to a single Reference Entity) 
(xxxiii) Provisions 
relating 
to 
CoCo 
Reference Entities: 
Credit Linked Condition 22 [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[If Applicable, insert if required: 
Trigger Percentage: [        ]] 
(N.b. If applicable this should be specified for each 
Reference Entity) 
(xxxiv) Credit 
Linked 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding]

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
(xxxv) Provisions relating to Senior Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations: 
Credit Linked Condition 23: [Applicable [for all 
Reference 
Entities]/Not 
Applicable 
[for 
all 
Reference Entities]/See Physical Settlement Matrix 
[for each Transaction Type as specified in the 
Index] /See the Table annexed to these Final Terms] 
(N.b. Only specify "See the Table annexed to these 
Final Terms" if the "Additional Provisions for 
Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" are 
applicable to some only of the Reference Entities. If 
a table is specified, the table should then include a 
column specifying to which Reference Entities these 
provisions apply) 
(xxxvi) 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions: 
Credit Linked Condition 24: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix [for 
each Transaction Type as specified in the Index]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Fallback 
Discounting: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix]  
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix [for 
each Transaction Type as specified in the Index]]] 
(xxxvii) Limited Recourse Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES  
31. 
Provisions applicable to Physical Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/Physical 
Delivery 
Option [1/2/3]] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Entitlement in relation to each Note: [The Entitlement Amount in relation to each Note is: 
 
[Delivery 
of 
Worst-Performing 
Underlying 
applicable: 
[Insert 
formula 
from 
SPS 
Payout 
Conditions] 
[Calculation Amount: []] 
Redemption Payout: [] 
SPS Valuation Date: []] 
 
[Delivery 
of 
Best-Performing 
Underlying 
applicable:

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
[Insert 
formula 
from 
SPS 
Payout 
Conditions] 
[Calculation Amount: []] 
Redemption Payout: [] 
SPS Valuation Date: []] 
 
[Delivery of the Underlying applicable: 
[Insert 
formula 
from 
SPS 
Payout 
Conditions] 
[Calculation Amount: []] 
Redemption Payout: [] 
SPS Valuation Date: []] 
(b) 
Asset Amount  
[   ] 
(c) 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[As specified above]/The relevant asset[s] to which 
the Notes relate [is/are] [   ] 
(d) 
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[   ] 
32. 
Variation of Settlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Issuer's option to vary settlement:  
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes 
(b) 
Variation of Settlement of Physical 
Delivery Notes: 
[Notwithstanding the fact that the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes, the Issuer may make payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date/The 
Issuer will procure delivery of the Asset Amount in 
respect of the Notes] 
33. 
Form of Notes:  
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]]  
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]  
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]  
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].") 
(b) 
New Global Note:  
[Yes][No]  
34. 
Additional Financial Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which 
subparagraphs 14(c)) and 17(e) relate) 
35. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes:  
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No]  
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de 1'Etat, Luxembourg: 
By: ______________________  
Name:   
Title:

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING [AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING] 
 
(a) 
Listing [and Admission to 
trading] 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be [admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant regulated market (for example, the 
Bourse de Luxembourg and, if relevant, listing on an 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange)]][listed 
on the Securities Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange without admission to trading] with effect 
from [         ].]  
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be [admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant regulated market (for example, the 
Bourse de Luxembourg and, if relevant, listing on an 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange)]][listed 
on the Securities Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange without admission to trading] with effect 
from [         ].] [Not Applicable]  
(b) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading 
[ 
] 
2. 
[EU Benchmark Regulation: EU 
Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks:  
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Securities are 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[insert 
name[s] of 
Benchmark[s]/the [relevant] Benchmark], which [is/are] 
provided by [insert name[s] of the Administrator[s]/the 
[relevant] Administrator[, as specified in the table 
below] (if more than one, specify in relation to each 
relevant Benchmark)]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert name[s] of 
the 
Administrator[s]/the 
[relevant] 
Administrator[s]][[is/are] 
not 
included]/[[is/are] 
included][, as the case may be] specified in the table 
below] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
Administrators and Benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [(ESMA)] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
[(the BMR)][, as specified in the table below].  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name of 
Benchmark[s]/the [relevant] Benchmark] [does/do] not 
fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 
of the BMR.]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the BMR apply, such that the [relevant] 
Administrator is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration[, as specified in the table 
below].] [repeat as necessary or insert necessary 
information in a table below]]

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
[Benchmark 
Administrator 
Register 
Other 
Information 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[Not Applicable]] 
3. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings:  
[Not Applicable] [The Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated defined 
terms].   
 
[defined terms] is established in the European Union and 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such [defined 
terms] is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation. [OR [defined terms] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation).] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.)  
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to the [Manager(s)/Dealer(s)], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest including any 
conflicting interest material to the issue.  The [Manager(s)/Dealer(s)] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
(a) 
Use of proceeds:  
[See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Prospectus.] [The Notes 
are intended to be issued as Green Bonds, [further 
particulars to be provided].] 
 
(b) 
[Estimated net proceeds:  
[         ]] 
6. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield:  
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/SHARE AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE UNDERLYING 
[Not Applicable]/ 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the index/share can 
be obtained.] 
[Name of the Issuer of the underlying 
security: 
[        ] 
[N.B. this shall not be the Issuer or an entity belonging 
to the Issuer's group] 
ISIN: 
[        ] 
Index Name: 
[        ] 
Relevant weightings of each underlying 
in the basket: 
[        ] 
Source of information relating to the 
[index/indices/share]: 
[        ] 
Place 
where 
information 
to 
the 
[index/indices/share] can be obtained: 
[        ] 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes, (A) set out where information on past and future performance 
and volatility of each Reference Entity can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not it 
can be obtained free of charge and (B) where no Reference Obligation or Reference Entity 
represents 20% or more of the basket or index of Reference Entities either (i) set out in a table (a) 
the names of the reference entities and (if different) issuers of the Reference Obligation; and (b) the 
ISIN of the Reference Obligation or (ii) where such information is already included in item 30 of 
the Final Terms, include a cross reference thereto or (iii) in respect of all other Credit Linked Notes 
insert: 
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [[Non-]Standard Reference 
Obligation] (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
Name: 
[] 
Address: 
[]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
Country of incorporation: 
[] 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[] (For example financials, energy, insurance, 
manufacturing, construction, transport, media 
determined on the basis of available information on 
the Reference Entity) 
Market[(s)] on which securities are admitted 
to trading: 
[] 
[[Non-]Standard 
Reference 
Obligation] 
Securities Code: 
[][Not Applicable]  
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant Reference Entity and should be repeated for each 
Reference Entity.  Country of incorporation, industry and address will be "Not Applicable" for a 
Sovereign Reference entity and Securities Code (eg. ISIN/CUSIP) will be "Not Applicable" if there 
is no Reference Obligation or it has no securities code.  Note permissible markets for a Reference 
Entity's securities to be admitted to trading on are regulated markets, equivalent third country 
markets and SME Growth Markets, each as described in Regulation EU No 2019/980, Annex 17, 
item 2.2.2 (a)(ii).  Where such requirement cannot be satisfied, a supplement or drawdown 
prospectus must be prepared that includes the required information to be addressed under Annex 
17, item 2.2.2 (a)(i).) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and future performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[insert electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg]. (Repeat for each Reference Entity as 
applicable)] 
8. 
UNDERLYING DISCLAIMER12 
[For use in connection with Indices (including Inflation Indices)] 
[Not Applicable] 
[The issue of this series of Notes (in this paragraph, the Transaction) is not sponsored, endorsed, 
sold, or promoted by [NAME OF INDEX] (the Index) or [NAME OF INDEX SPONSOR] (the Index 
Sponsor) and the Index Sponsor does not make any representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which 
the Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise.  No Index or Index 
Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index.  
No Index Sponsor is making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the 
advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with entering into any Transaction. / 
insert index disclaimer as per the relevant agreement with the respective Index Sponsor] [The Issuer 
shall not have any liability for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the 
calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Index.  Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date, 
neither the Issuer nor its affiliates have any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index 
Sponsor.] 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(a) 
ISIN:  
[         ] 
                                                     
12  
Include for Index Linked Redemption Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
(b) 
Common Code:  
[         ] 
(c) 
CFI: 
[[include code]13, as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]  
(d) 
FISN: 
[[include code]14, as updated, as set out on the website 
of the Association of National Numbering Agencies 
(ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]  
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg, 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s) and 
address(es):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
[Address] 
(f) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):  
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
(g) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that the Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met]. 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper.  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION  
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
                                                     
13  
The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
14  
The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct.15  
This formulation to be used if the 
Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Notes as of the date of the Final Terms.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
(b) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers:  
[Not Applicable/give names]  
(c) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s)]  
(d) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer:  
[Not Applicable/give name]  
(e) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions:  
[Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not 
applicable]  
(f) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute 'packaged' products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
(g) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes may 
constitute 'packaged' products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
11. 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986. [Additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes 
will be available from [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact].]] [As at the date of these 
Final Terms, the Issuer has not determined whether the Notes are Specified Notes for purposes of 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; however, indicatively it considers that 
they will [not] be Specified Notes for these purposes. This is indicative information only, subject to 
change, and if the Issuer's final determination is different then it will give notice of such 
determination. [Please contact [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for further 
information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.]]15 (The Notes will not be 
Specified Notes if they do (i) are issued prior to January 1, 2025 and are not "delta-one" for U.S. 
tax purposes or (ii) not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a 
U.S. equity or an index that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to January 1, 2025 and provide a return that does 
not differ significantly from the return on an investment in the underlying, or (ii) are issued after 
January 1, 2025, further analysis would be required. If the Notes are Specified Notes, include the 
"Additional information" sentence and provide the appropriate contact information at the Issuer.)] 
                                                     
15  
This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Notes as of the date of the 
Final Terms.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
12. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO GREEN BONDS  
Green Bonds 
[Yes/No] 
[Reviewer(s):] 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) [and name of 
third party assurance agent] and [give details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability]] 
[Date of third party opinion(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or [more/both]) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended or superseded, MiFID II); (ii) or a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II[/; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation]. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
[more/both]) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA[/; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA]. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2   
[MIFID II product governance / target market] [UK MIFIR product governance / target market] –  – 
[appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[Date] 
BANQUE ET CAISSE D'EPARGNE DE L'ETAT, LUXEMBOURG 
Legal Identity Identifier (LEI): R7CQUF1DQM73HUTV1078 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the U.S.$8,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
                                                     
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2  
Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Prospectus dated 30 June 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[date[s]]] (the Prospectus).  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Prospectus.  Copies of the Prospectus may be 
obtained from the Issuer's registered office at, 1-2 Place de Metz, L-2954 Luxembourg and from Citibank, 
N.A., London Branch at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Prospectus [[30 June 2023]/[22 August 2022]/[17 December 2021]/[1 July 2021]/[1 July 
2020]/[28 June 2019]/[dated 30 June 2016]/[dated 30 June 2015]/[30 June 2014] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Prospectus].3 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the SFA) - [To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not "prescribed capital 
markets products" pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS 
Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)]".]4 
[In respect of any tranche of Notes issued in Singapore Dollars with a denomination of less than S$200,000, 
the following information is provided pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Banking Regulations made under the 
Banking Act 1970 of Singapore: 
(a) 
the place of booking of the Notes is [●]; 
(b) 
the branch or office of the Issuer at which the tranche of the Notes is booked is not subject to 
regulation or supervision in Singapore; 
(c) 
the tranche of Notes is [not secured by any means] OR [secured by [please describe the nature of 
the security, the name of the mortgagor, chargor or guarantor and whether such person is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore]].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
1. 
Issuer:  
Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de 1'Etat, Luxembourg 
2. 
 
(a) 
Series Number:  
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number:  
[         ] 
                                                     
3  
Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under a Prospectus with a different date. 
4  
Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it/they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the 
offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes become 
fungible) 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 31 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
 
(a) 
Series:  
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche:  
[         ] 
(c) 
Units:  
[         ] Units (being the equivalent of [insert 
currency]; [insert amount])] [Not Applicable] 
5. 
Issue Price:  
[         ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
 
(a) 
Specified Denominations:  
[         ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions):  
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
 
(a) 
Issue Date:  
[         ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date:  
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]  
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date:  
[Fixed Rate Note – specify date/Floating Rate Note or 
any other Note where the Interest Period end date(s) 
are adjusted – Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month]/[(the Scheduled Maturity

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
Date) subject to adjustment as provided in the Credit 
Linked Conditions]]  
9. 
Interest Basis:  
[[         ]% Fixed Rate] [Subject to interest rate step-up 
as specified below] 
 
[[EURIBOR]/[CMS Reference Rate] +/- [         ]% 
Floating Rate]  
[SARON Compounded] 
[Compounded Daily SONIA] 
[Compounded Daily SOFR] 
[Weighted Average SOFR] 
[Compounded Daily €STR] 
 
[Zero Coupon]  
 
[[    ]% Fixed Rate] [[         ] month [EURIBOR] [+/–
][         ] per cent. Floating Rate] Range Accrual/Dual 
Range Accrual] 
 
[Index Linked Interest]  
 
[Inflation Linked Interest] 
 
[specify other]  
 
(further particulars specified below)  
10. 
SPS Coupon Rate (include one or more of 
the following if applicable): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[SPS Digital Coupon applicable] 
 
[SPS Snowball Digital Coupon applicable] 
 
(further particulars specified below)  
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Redemption at par]  
 
[Index Linked Redemption]  
 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
 
[SPS Payout] 
 
[Partly Paid]  
 
[Instalment]  
 
[specify other]  
12. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Specify details of e.g. any provision for change of 
Notes 
into 
another 
Interest 
Basis 
or 
Redemption/Payment Basis] [Not Applicable] 
13. 
Put/Call Options:  
[Investor Put]  
(N.B. Not applicable to MREL Eligible Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes) 
 
[Issuer Call]  
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
14. 
 
(a) 
Status of the Notes:  
[Senior [Preferred/Non Preferred]/Subordinated]

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
 
(issues of Subordinated Notes are subject to the prior 
written consent of the Ministry of Treasury of 
Luxembourg) 
(b) 
MREL Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(In case of an issuance of Notes which are debt 
instruments with an embedded derivative, MREL 
eligibility will be subject to further conditions under 
the SRMR, including that either (i) the principal 
amount of the Notes being known at the time of issue, 
being fixed or increasing and not being affected by an 
embedded derivative feature and the bank having the 
ability to perform a daily valuation of the liability in 
line with Article 12c(2)(a) SRMR even in stressed 
market conditions; or (ii) the debt instrument includes 
a contractual term in line with Article 12c(2)(b) 
SRMR). 
(c) 
Date 
[Board] 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained:  
[         ] [and [         ], respectively]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest:  
[        ]% [per annum] payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
 
(If payable other than annually, consider amending 
Condition 4) 
 
[For interest step-up Notes: [        ]% per annum 
commencing on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date until (but not including) [date] 
 
[        ]% [per annum] commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) [date]5 
 
[        ]% [per annum] commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) the Maturity Date]] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s):  
[[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date/[specify dates]] 
 
(N.B. Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
                                                     
5  
Further periods to be inserted as necessary.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
(c) 
Interest Period End Date(s):  
[         ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Additional Business Centre(s)/not adjusted] 
(d) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive forms (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions):  
[         ] per Calculation Amount  
(e) 
[Initial/Final] Broken Amount(s) 
for Notes in definitive forms (and 
in relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions):  
[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ] 
(f) 
Fixed Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/360, 30/360, 360/360, Bond Basis, 30E/360, 
Eurobond Basis, Actual/365 (Fixed), Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) [Not Applicable] or [specify other]] 
(g) 
Determination Date(s):  
[[         ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) In such case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon.)  
(h) 
Interest rate step-up/Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)] 
(i) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Note:  
[None/Give details] 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
(a) 
Interest Period End Dates:  
[         ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Dates:  
[         ] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s):  
 
(i) 
For fixing:  
[         ] 
(ii) 
For Interest Period End 
Dates:  
[         ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
[Specify]

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
be determined, if different from 
the Conditions:  
(Where different interest provisions are specified, 
consider adjusting or disapplying the Screen Rate 
Determination provisions in Condition 4.2(b) and 
including replacement provisions describing the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount is to be determined) 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent):  
[         ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
 
(i) 
Reference Rate:  
 
 
 
(ii) 
Term Rate: 
(iii) 
Specified Time: 
 
(iv) 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
(v) 
Overnight Rate: 
(vi) 
Index Determination: 
(vii) 
Relevant Number: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(viii) 
D: 
 
 
 
[SARON Compounded] 
[Compounded Daily SONIA] 
[Compounded Daily SOFR] 
[Weighted Average SOFR] 
[Compounded Daily €STR] 
[[         ] month [EURIBOR] specify other Reference 
Rate] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[[11.00 a.m./[   ]] in the Relevant Financial Centre]   
[Not Applicable] 
[Zurich/London/New York/Brussels/[   ]] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[5/[   ]] [[London Banking Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days][TARGET Business Days] / 
[Not Applicable] 
(If “Index Determination” is “Not Applicable”, delete 
“Relevant Number” and complete the remaining 
paragraphs below) 
(If “Index Determination” is “Applicable”, insert 
number of days (expected to be five or greater) as the 
Relevant Number, and the remaining paragraphs 
below will each be “Not Applicable”) 
(If the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded delete 
this paragraph) 
[30/365/[   ]] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded delete 
this paragraph)

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
(ix) 
Observation Period: 
 
(x) 
Lag Period: 
 
 
 
(xi) 
Observation Shift Period: 
 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded delete 
this paragraph) 
[5/[   ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [TARGET Business Days] 
[[City] Banking Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(If the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded delete 
this paragraph) 
[5/[   ] [London Banking Days] [U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days] [TARGET Business Days] 
[[City] Banking Days] / [Not Applicable] 
(NB: A minimum of 5 relevant business/banking days 
should be specified for the Lag Period or Observation 
Shift Period unless otherwise agreed with the 
Calculation Agent) 
(If the Reference Rate is SARON Compounded delete 
this paragraph) 
(xii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
[         ] 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period EURIBOR) 
(xiii) 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[         ] [Not Applicable] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows composite rate or 
amend the fallback provision appropriately) 
(g) 
CMS Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
CMS Screen Page: 
[Condition 4.2(b)(iii) applies/[        ]] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date: 
[Condition 4.2(b)(iii) applies/[        ]/] 
(iii) 
Reference Currency: 
[Euro/Sterling/United States dollar] 
(iv) 
Designated Maturity: 
[[        ]] 
(v) 
Calculation Agent: 
[Agent/named Manager/other] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[         ]

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
(j) 
Margin(s):  
[+/-] [         ]% per annum  
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[         ]% per annum  
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[         ]% per annum  
(m) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
 
[Actual/360]  
 
[30/360]  
 
[360/360]  
 
[Bond Basis]  
 
[30E/360]  
 
[Eurobond Basis]  
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
 
[Other]  
 
(See Condition 4 for alternatives)] 
(n) 
Interest rate step-up/Step-down: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph)] 
(o) 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating 
to 
the 
method 
of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Note, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions:  
[         ] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield:  
[         ]% per annum  
(b) 
Reference Price:  
[         ] 
(c) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes:  
[         ] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payment:  
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
18. 
SPS Coupon Rate (include one or more of 
the following if applicable): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[SPS Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from SPS Payout Conditions.]] 
 
[SPS Snowball Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from SPS Payout Conditions.]]] 
(a) 
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
(c) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[         ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] specify any applicable 
Additional Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
Business Day]/[not adjusted] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
19. 
Inflation Linked Interest Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Indices: 
[        ] 
(b) 
Screen Page/Exchange Code: 
[        ] 
(c) 
Formula: 
see Annex 1 – Part 3 
 
Cap Level: [        ]% 
 
Floor Level: [        ]% 
 
Multiplier: [        ]% 
(d) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the interest due: 
[        ] 
(e) 
Interest Period End Dates:  
[          ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[FRN 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted]

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
(f) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ]  
(g) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[          ]  
(h) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ]  
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ]% per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ]% per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
 
[Actual/360]  
 
[30/360]  
 
[360/360]  
 
[Bond Basis]  
 
[30E/360]  
 
[Eurobond Basis]  
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(l) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
(m) 
Related Bond: 
[        ]/Fall Back Bond 
(n) 
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Fall Back Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(p) 
Index Sponsor: 
[        ] 
(q) 
Related Bond Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(r) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[        ] 
20. 
Index Linked Interest Note Provisions:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
(a) 
Index/Formula:  
[give or annex details]  
(b) 
Calculation Agent:  
[give name]  
(c) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest (if not the 
Calculation Agent and (Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent)):  
[         ] 
(d) 
Provisions 
for 
determining 
Coupon where calculation by 
reference to Index and/or Formula 
is impossible or impracticable:  
[need to include a description of market disruption or 
settlement 
disruption 
events 
and 
adjustment 
provisions]

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
(e) 
Interest Period End Dates:  
[         ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
(f) 
Interest Payment Dates:  
[         ] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s):  
 
(i) 
For Fixing:  
[         ] 
(ii) 
For Interest Period End 
Dates:  
[         ] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[         ]% per annum  
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[         ]% per annum  
(j) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[         ] 
21. 
Range Accrual Note Provisions: 
[Fixed Rate Range Accrual Note] 
[Floating Rate Range Accrual Note] 
[Fixed Rate Dual Range Accrual Note] 
[Floating Rate Dual Range Accrual Note] 
[CMS Range Accrual Note] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(The following is applicable in relation to Fixed Rate Range Accrual Notes, Fixed Rate Dual Range 
Accrual Notes or CMS Range Accrual Notes that bear fixed rate interest) 
(a) 
Fixed Rate: 
[  ]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[  ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
[adjusted in accordance with [Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
specify any applicable Additional Business Centre(s) 
for the definition of Business Day]/[not adjusted] 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[        ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] specify any applicable 
Additional Business Centre (s)/not adjusted]

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/360, 30/360, 360/360, Bond Basis, 30E/360, 
Eurobond Basis, Actual/365 (Fixed), Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) or [specify other]] 
(e) 
Determination Dates: 
[[  ] in each year] [Not Applicable] (insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon.  N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(The following is applicable in relation to Floating Rate Range Accrual Notes, Floating Rate Dual Range 
Accrual Notes or CMS Range Accrual Notes that bear floating rate interest) 
(f) 
Interest Period End Dates: 
[          ] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[FRN 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not adjusted] 
(g) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[          ] 
(h) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[          ] 
(i) 
For fixing: 
[          ] [Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
For Interest Period End 
Dates: 
[          ] [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[          ] month [EURIBOR] [CMS Reference Rate] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[          ] 
 
(Second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[          ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(iv) 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[ ] / [Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][          ]% per annum 
(k) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[          ]% per annum 
(l) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[          ]% per annum 
(m) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]  
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
 
[Actual/360]  
 
[30/360]  
 
[360/360]  
 
[Bond Basis]  
 
[30E/360]  
 
[Eurobond Basis]  
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(The following must be completed in relation to all Range Accrual Notes (other than Dual Range Accrual 
Notes)) 
(n) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[  ] 
(o) 
Upper Range 
[  ]% 
 
(If the Upper Range adjusts with various periods use 
the table below) 
 
From and 
including 
To but 
excluding 
Upper range 
 
[    ] 
[     ] 
[  ]% 
(p) 
Lower Range 
[  ]% 
 
(If the Lower Range adjusts with various periods use 
the table below) 
 
From and 
including 
To but 
excluding 
Lower range 
 
[     ] 
[     ] 
[  ]% 
(q) 
Range Accrual Reference Rate: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[    ] 
month 
[EURIBOR]]/[CMS 
Reference 
Rate/Specify other] 
 
(The following is applicable in relation to CMS Range 
Accrual Notes) 
 
Reference Currency: [Euro/Sterling/United States 
dollar] 
 
Designated Maturity: [         ] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[    ] 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
• 
Range Accrual Reference 
Rate 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Observation Date/specify other period]

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
• 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[  ] / [Not Applicable] 
(r) 
Calculation Agent: 
[give name] 
(s) 
Autoswitch: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
(i) 
Target Rate: 
[    ]% 
(ii) 
Switch Rate: 
[    ]% 
(The following must be completed in relation to Dual Range Accrual Notes) 
(t) 
Upper Range1: 
[         ]% 
 
(If the Upper Range1 adjusts with various periods use 
the table below) 
 
From and 
including  
To but 
excluding 
Upper Range1 
 
[         ] 
[         ] 
[         ]% 
(u) 
Lower Range1: 
[         ]% 
 
(If the Lower Range1 adjusts with various periods use 
the table below 
 
From and 
including  
To but 
excluding 
Lower Range1 
 
[         ] 
[         ] 
[         ]% 
(v) 
Upper Range2: 
[         ]% 
 
(If the Upper Range2 adjusts with various periods use 
the table below) 
 
From 
and 
including  
To 
but 
excluding 
Upper Range2 
 
[         ] 
[         ] 
[         ]% 
(w) 
Lower Range2: 
[         ]% 
 
(If the Lower Range2 adjusts with various periods use 
the table below 
 
From 
and 
including  
To 
but 
excluding 
Lower Range2 
 
[         ] 
[         ] 
[         ]%

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
(x) 
Range Accrual Reference Rate: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate1: 
[[          ] month [EURIBOR]]/[CMS Reference Rate] 
 
(The following is applicable in relation to CMS Range 
Accrual Notes) 
 
Reference Currency: [Euro/Sterling/United States 
dollar] 
 
Designated Maturity: [          ] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page for 
Reference Rate1: 
[         ] 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
• 
Reference Rate2: 
[[          ] 
month 
[EURIBOR]]/[CMS 
Reference 
Rate/CMS Formula Rate] 
 
(The following is applicable in relation to CMS Range 
Accrual Notes) 
 
Reference Currency: [Euro/Sterling/United States 
dollar] 
 
Designated Maturity: [          ] 
 
(The following is applicable in relation to CMS 
Formula Rate) 
 
Reference Currency1: [Euro/Sterling/United States 
dollar] 
 
Designated Maturity1: [          ] 
 
Reference Currency2: [Euro/Sterling/United States 
dollar] 
 
Designated Maturity2: [          ] 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page 
Reference Rate2: 
[         ] 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
• 
Range Accrual Reference 
Rate 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Observation Date/specify other period] 
• 
Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[  ] / [Not Applicable] 
(y) 
Calculation Agent:  
[give name]  
(z) 
Autoswitch: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs) 
(i) 
Target Rate: 
[         ]% 
(ii) 
Switch Rate: 
[         ]% 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
22. 
Index 
Linked 
Redemption 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Indices: 
[        ] 
 
[If more than one, refer to as Index1, Index2 etc.] 
(b) 
Screen Page: 
[Specify if applicable, or give the sources of 
observation for each index] 
(c) 
Component Transactions: 
[        ] 
(d) 
Formula: 
[Autocall [In the case of Autocall specify Autocall 
Trigger Level: [        ]% of the Initial Price, 
Percentage Multiplier: [        ]% for Observation Date 
(1), [        ]% for Observation Date (2) etc.  Lower 
Threshold Level: [        ]% of the Initial Price, Lower 
Threshold Multiplier: [        ]%, Threshold Level: 
[        ]% of the Initial Price, Threshold Multiplier: 
[        ]% and Final Percentage Multiplier: [        ]%. 
]/[Autocall with Spread [In the case of Autocall with 
Spread specify: Autocall Trigger Level: [         ]% of 
the Initial Price, Multiplier: [         ]% and Final 
Percentage Multiplier: [         ]%/[Lookback [In the 
case of Lookback specify Multiplier: [         ]%, Floor 
Level: [         ] and x: [         ]] [Short-term Lookback 
[In the case of Short-term Lookback specify 
Multiplier: 
[         ]%, 
Short-term 
Lookback 
Multiplier: [         ]%, Cap Level: [         ], Floor 
Level: [         ] and x:[          ]] [Double Win [In the 
case of Double Win specify. Barrier Level Multiplier: 
[         ]%, Cap Level: [         ]%, Floor Level: [         ] 
and Final Valuation Date: [         ]] [Triple Index [In 
the case of Triple Index specify Multiplier: [         ]%] 
[Asian Call [In the case of Asian Call specify 
Multiplier: [         ]%, Cap Level: [         ]% and Floor 
Level: [         ]%] [Not Applicable] 
 
[Reverse Convertible [In the case of Reverse 
Convertible specify the Strike:[        ]% of the Initial 
price]/

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
(e) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating 
the 
redemption 
amount due: 
[give name] 
(f) 
Settlement Price: 
(g) 
Relevant Level: 
[        ] 
Index Currency: [         ] 
[The official closing level for the  Index/Indices] [the 
official fixing eventually calculated and/or published 
by the Index Sponsor] [the Valuation Method] 
(h) 
Valuation Date: 
[        ] 
(i) 
Valuation Method:  
 [insert calculation method]/[As set out in the 
Conditions] 
 
N/B: If as set out in the conditions, specify: 
[Highest]/[Average Highest]/[Market Value] 
(j) 
Quotation Method: 
 [Bid]/[Mid]/[Ask] 
(k) 
Quotation Amount: 
 [        ]/[As set out in the Conditions] 
(l) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. 
 
[The Averaging Dates are [        ].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
[Modified Postponement is applicable] 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election) 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [        ]/[eight]] 
 
(if no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
(m) 
Observation Date(s): 
[Observation Date(1): [        ] Observation Date(2): 
[        ] etc.] [Not Applicable]. [In the event that an 
Observation 
Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply.] 
(n) 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s) 
corresponding 
to 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[Early Redemption Date(1), Early Redemption Date(2) 
etc.)] [Not Applicable] 
(o) 
Observation Period: 
[Specify/Not Applicable]

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
(p) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index 
Basis/As per Conditions]  
(q) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index 
Basis/As per Conditions]  
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(r) 
Exchange(s) and Index Sponsor: 
the relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [        ] and the 
relevant Index Sponsor is [        ]. 
(s) 
Related Exchange: 
[Specify/Each exchange or quotation system on which 
option contracts or futures contracts relating such 
Index is traded/All Exchanges] 
(t) 
Relevant Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the Valuation 
Date/during the Observation Period.] [The relevant 
time is [        ], being the time specified on the 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, for the calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. 
if no Relevant Time is specified, the Valuation Time 
will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
(u) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] 
The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies.) 
 
[Change of Law] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[(ii)] 
[The Trade Date is [        ].  [If no Trade Date 
is specified, Issue Date will be the Trade 
Date] 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Change of Law 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging is 
applicable)] 
 
[(iii)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify 
in 
relation 
to 
each 
security/commodity comprised in an Index] is 
[        ]. 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
[(iv)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify 
in 
relation 
to 
each 
security/commodity comprised in an Index] is 
[        ].

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)]] 
(v) 
Market Disruption:  
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to [        ]/[eight] 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
(w) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
(i) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
[If applicable insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Level: 
[Specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-in Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
(iv) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(v) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(vi) 
Knock-in 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.] 
(x) 
Knock-out Event:  
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-
out Level]] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, 
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply] 
(i) 
Knock-out Level: 
[Specify]

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
(ii) 
Knock-out Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period] 
(iii) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(v) 
Knock-out 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day] 
(y) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable/specify/["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
Automatic Early Redemption Level]/[SPS Automatic 
Early Redemption Payout in paragraph 24 below 
applies] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify/See definition in Condition 20] 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[Specify] [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] specify any applicable Additional 
Business Centre (s)/not adjusted] 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level: 
[Specify]  
(iv) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[Specify] [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
[In the event that Automatic Early Redemption Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply.] 
23. 
Equity 
Linked 
Redemption 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub­paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Share(s): 
[        ] 
(b) 
ISIN of Share(s): 
[Specify] 
(c) 
Screen Page/Exchange Code: 
[Specify]

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
(d) 
Strike: 
[         ]% of the Initial Price 
(e) 
Formula: 
[Reverse Convertible] 
(f) 
Settlement Price: 
The Settlement Price will be calculated [insert 
calculation method] [As set out in the Conditions] 
 
[Exchange Rate: [        ]] 
(g) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating any amount due under 
the Notes: 
[        ] (N.B. Specify name and address) 
(h) 
Valuation Date: 
[        ] 
(i) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes.  [The 
Averaging Dates are [        ].] 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
[Modified Postponement is applicable] 
 
(only applicable if Modified Postponement is 
applicable as an Averaging election). 
 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to: [        ]/[eight]] 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption are 
stated, Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be 
equal to eight) 
(j) 
Observation Date(s): 
[The 
Observation 
Date(s) 
is/are 
[        ]/Not 
Applicable] [In the event that an Observation Date is 
a Disrupted Date[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply] 
(k) 
Observation Period: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Exchange Business Day:  
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share 
Basis/As per Conditions] 
(m) 
Scheduled Trading Day:  
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share 
Basis/As per Conditions] 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
(n) 
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [        ] 
(o) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[Specify/Each exchange or quotation system on which 
option contracts or futures contracts relating to such 
Share(s) are traded/All Exchanges]

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
(p) 
Relevant Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the Valuation 
Date/during the Observation Period.]  [The relevant 
time is [        ], being the time specified on the 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, for the calculation of the Settlement Price.] (N.B. 
if no Relevant Time is specified, the Valuation Time 
will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
(q) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] 
The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
 
(Specify each of the following which 
applies.) 
 
[Change of Law] 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
[Failure to Deliver] 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
[(ii)] 
[The Trade Date is [        ] 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Change of Law 
and/or Increased Cost of Hedging is 
applicable)] 
 
[(iii)] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[        ]. 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow 
is applicable)] 
 
[(iv)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant Share] is 
[        ]. 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
(r) 
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to [        ]/[eight] 
 
(if no Specific Maximum Days of Disruption is stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to eight) 
(s) 
Knock-in Event: 
[Not Applicable/[    ]/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" Knock-in 
Level]] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
 
[In the event that a Knock-in Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
(i) 
SPS Knock-in Valuation 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
[If applicable insert relevant provisions from 
Conditions] 
(ii) 
Knock-in Level: 
[Specify] 
(iii) 
Knock-in Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
(iv) 
Knock-in 
Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(v) 
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(vi) 
Knock-in 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day.] 
(t) 
Knock-out Event:  
[Not Applicable/[        ]/["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to" 
Knock-out Level]] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[In the event that a Knock-out Determination Day is a 
Disrupted Day, 
 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply] 
(i) 
Knock-out Level: 
[Specify] 
(ii) 
Knock-out Determination 
Day(s): 
[Specify/Each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period] 
(iii) 
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(iv) 
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
(v) 
Knock-out 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time on a Knock-out 
Determination Day] 
(u) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Not Applicable/[         ]/["greater than"/"greater than 
or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
Automatic Early Redemption Level]/[SPS Automatic 
Early Redemption Payout in paragraph 24 below 
applies]

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify/See definition in Condition 21] 
(ii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[Specify] [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] specify any applicable Additional 
Business Centre (s)/not adjusted] 
(iii) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level: 
[Specify] 
(iv) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[Specify] 
(v) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
[In the event that Automatic Early Redemption Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply] 
(v) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
Extraordinary 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
[Rate for accrual of interest [        ]/as specified in the 
Terms and Conditions] 
(w) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
Additional 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph 
of this paragraph) 
 
[Rate for accrual of interest [        ]/as specified in the 
Terms and Conditions] 
24. 
SPS Final Payout: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[SPS Final Payout - Reverse Convertible Notes 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from SPS Payout Conditions]] 
 
[SPS Final Payout – Vanilla Call Notes 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from SPS Payout Conditions]]

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
 
[Autocall Notes 
[Insert related provisions from SPS Payout 
Conditions]] 
25. 
[SPS 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Payout 
[Insert related provisions from SPS Payout 
Conditions]] 
Automatic Early Redemption Event: 
[Not Applicable/[         ]/["greater than"/"greater 
than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
Automatic Early Redemption Level] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount: 
[Specify] 
Automatic Early Redemption Date(s): 
[Specify] [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] specify any applicable Additional 
Business Centre (s)/not adjusted] 
Automatic Early Redemption Level: 
[Specify] 
AER Redemption percentage: 
[Specify] 
AER Rate(i): 
[Specify] 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Specify] 
[In the event that Automatic Early Redemption Date 
is 
a 
Disrupted 
Day, 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] 
will apply]] 
26. 
Notice periods for Condition 6.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
 
Maximum period: [60] days 
27. 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s):  
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]  
(c) 
If redeemable in part:  
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[         ]

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[         ] 
(d) 
Notice periods:  
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent) 
28. 
Investor Put:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)  
(N.B. Not applicable to MREL Eligible Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
Subordinated Notes) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s):  
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]  
(c) 
Notice periods:  
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent)  
29. 
Redemption upon a MREL Disqualification 
Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in case of MREL Eligible 
Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non Preferred 
Notes) 
30. 
Final Redemption Amount:  
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]  
31. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
[An amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Conditions /[         ] per 
Calculation Amount/Fair Market Value minus

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
of default or as otherwise specified and/or 
the method of calculating the same:  
Costs per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]  
(N.B. If the Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, 
then the Early Redemption Amount shall be no less 
than par)  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
32. 
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[        ] per Calculation Amount/See paragraph 
[        ]] 
(ii) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction 
Settlement/Cash 
Settlement/Physical 
Settlement/Not Applicable] 
(N.b. if the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
specify "Not Applicable") 
(iii) 
Calculation Agent City: 
[London]/[        ] 
(iv) 
Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
[Applicable and [Zero Recovery/Market Recovery] 
applies/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Reference Entit[y][ies] [and relevant 
Weighting Percentages]: 
[        ] [Specify. If applicable set out in a Table 
which may be annexed to these Final Terms and for 
this item and subsequent items in this paragraph 30 
where relevant state: "See the Table annexed to 
these Final Terms"] 
[If the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
linked to a credit index, insert and complete as 
applicable: 
The Reference Entities and their relevant weighting 
percentages comprising the Index as at the Trade 
Date 
Index means, [        ] 
Index Publisher means, [        ] 
Index Sponsor means, [        ] 
Annex Date means [        ]] 
(vi) 
Reference Obligations: 
[Standard Reference Obligation: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[If Standard Reference Obligation is specified as 
"Applicable" and "Additional Provisions for Senior 
Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" is not 
applicable, insert and complete as applicable:

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
Seniority 
Level: 
[Senior 
Level][Subordinated 
Level]] 
[If the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes and 
if applicable insert: 
Standard Reference Obligation: Applicable if 
specified in the [Index/Table] for a Reference Entity 
only 
[Seniority Level: As specified in the [Index/Table] 
for a Reference Entity] 
(N.b. "Seniority Level" should not be included if the 
"Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations" are applicable to all 
Reference Entities.  If the "Additional Provisions for 
Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" are 
applicable to some only of the Reference Entities, in 
the Table this should be specified as "As set out in 
the Credit Linked Conditions" for those Reference 
Entities)] 
 
[If the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes and 
if applicable insert: 
Reference Obligation: The Reference Obligation, if 
any, set out opposite the relevant Reference Entity 
in the [Index Annex/Table] 
[The 
obligations 
identified 
as 
follows: 
[        ] 
Primary Obligor: 
[        ] 
Guarantor: 
[        ] 
Maturity: 
[        ] 
Coupon: 
[        ] 
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[        ]] 
(vii) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
 
 
(viii) 
Credit Events: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
 
[Bankruptcy] 
 
[Failure to Pay]

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
 
[Grace Period Extension: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
Grace Period: [[        ]]]] 
 
[Obligation Default] 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
 
[Restructuring] 
 
Provisions relating to Restructuring Credit 
Event: 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
14 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder 
Obligation: Credit Linked Condition 15 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Mod R [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Mod Mod R [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Governmental Intervention] 
Default Requirement: 
[        ] 
Payment Requirement: 
[        ] 
Credit 
Event 
Backstop 
Date 
Amendment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Notice 
of 
Publicly 
Available 
Information: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
Public Source(s):  
[As defined in Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
13]/[specify other] 
 
Specified Number:  
[2]/[specify other] 
(x) 
Obligation(s): 
 
Obligation Category: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(select one only) 
[Payment] 
 
[Borrowed Money]

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
[None] 
Obligation Characteristics:  
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
(select all of which apply) 
[Not Subordinated] 
 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency: 
 
[specify currency] [Standard Specified 
Currencies]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Domestic 
Currency 
means: 
[specify 
currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
Additional Obligation(s): 
[None]/[specify other] 
(xi) 
Excluded Obligation(s): 
[None]/[specify other] 
(xii) 
Accrual of Interest upon Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B "Not Applicable" should be specified for 
Portfolio Credit Linked Notes) 
(xiii) 
Merger Event: 
Credit Linked Condition 12 [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
[If Applicable insert: 
 
[Merger Event Redemption Amount:[        ]] 
 
Merger Event Redemption Date:[        ]] 
(xiv) 
Unwind Costs:  
[Standard Associated Costs/other/Not Applicable] 
(xv) 
Credit Event Redemption Amount:  
[[        ] per Calculation Amount]/[Credit Linked 
Condition 13 applies]

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
(xvi) 
Credit Event Redemption Date: 
[Subject to Credit Linked Condition 11 (Settlement 
Suspension), [[        ] Business Days following the 
latest of] [the date falling [        ] Business Days 
following the latest of ] [(i) the Auction Settlement 
Date or the date on which the Final Price is 
determined if Cash Settlement applies or is 
applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method and 
(ii) the Credit Event Determination Date]  
 
(N.b. Credit Event Redemption Amount and Credit 
Event Redemption Date above are only applicable 
where the Auction Settlement and/or Cash 
Settlement may apply. Other terms relating to 
valuation below will be relevant to consider in any 
circumstances where a Final Price is required to be 
calculated) 
(xvii) Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Single Valuation Date: 
 
[        ] Business Days] 
 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
 
[        ] Business Days; and each [        ] Business 
Day thereafter 
 
Number of Valuation Dates: [        ]] 
(xviii) Valuation Time: 
[11 a.m. London time]/[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Indicative Quotations: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xx) 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid/Offer/Mid-market]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxi) 
Quotation Amount: 
[[        ]/Representative Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxii) Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxiii) Quotation Dealers: 
[        ]/[Not Applicable] 
(xxiv) Accrued Interest: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest/Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest/Not Applicable] [Credit Linked Condition 
13 applies] 
(xxv) 
Valuation Method: 
[Market/Highest/Weighted Highest] 
 
[Average Market/Highest/Average Highest] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
(N.b. "Not Applicable" should be specified for Zero 
Recovery Portfolio Credit Linked Notes)

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
Additional 
terms 
relating 
to 
Auction 
Settlement 
 
(xxvi) Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash 
Settlement]/[Physical 
Settlement]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Terms relating to Deliverable Obligations 
 
(xxvii) Deliverable Obligations  
 
The following are relevant to 
determining Valuation Obligations 
and do not imply that Physical 
Settlement will occur under the 
Notes which are cash settled or 
credit linked interest only: 
 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[Payment] 
(select one only) 
[Borrowed Money] 
 
[Reference Obligation Only] 
 
[Bond] 
 
[Loan] 
 
[Bond or Loan] 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[Not Subordinated] 
(select all of which apply) 
[Credit Linked Specified Currency:  
 
[specify currency] [Standard Specified 
Currencies]] 
 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
 
[Domestic 
Currency 
means: 
[specify 
currency]] 
 
[Not Domestic Law] 
 
[Listed] 
 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
 
[Assignable Loan]

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
 
[Consent Required Loan] 
 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
 
[Qualifying Participation Seller: [insert 
details]] 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity: [        ]] 
 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
 
[Not Bearer] 
 
[Sovereign 
No 
Asset 
Package 
Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[        ] 
(xxviii) Excluded Deliverable Obligation(s): [        ] 
Other terms 
 
(xxix) Physical Settlement Matrix: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[If the Physical Settlement Matrix applies insert: 
Date of Physical Settlement Matrix: [specify date] 
Transaction Type: [Standard North American 
Corporate/Standard European Corporate/Standard 
European Financial Corporate/Standard European 
CoCo Financial Corporate/Standard Subordinated 
European Insurance Corporate /Standard Emerging 
European 
Corporate/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Corporate B/Standard Latin America Corporate BL/ 
Standard Australia Corporate/Standard Australia 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Corporate/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan 
Corporate/Standard 
Japan Financial Corporate/Standard Singapore 
Corporate/Standard 
Singapore 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard Asia Corporate/Standard Asia 
Financial 
Corporate/Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate/Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign/Standard 
Latin 
America 
Sovereign/Standard Emerging European & Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign/Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign/Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign/Standard 
Japan 
Sovereign/Standard 
Singapore 
Sovereign/Standard 
Asia

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
Sovereign/Standard 
Sukuk 
Sovereign/Standard 
U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit/Standard U.S. 
Municipal General Fund/Standard U.S. Municipal 
Revenue/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred 
Financial Corporate] (Specify per Reference Entity)] 
[If the Notes are Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
insert: 
For the purposes of the Reference Entities listed in 
the Index Annex, the Transaction Type under the 
Physical Settlement Matrix is as specified in the 
Index. As at the Trade Date the Reference Entities 
comprising the Index are [specify each relevant 
Transaction Type from the list above]] 
(N.b. depending on the date of the Physical 
Settlement Matrix consider whether a supplement is 
required to amend the Credit Linked Conditions 
and/or pro forma Final Terms to reflect any 
amendments to the Physical Settlement Matrix 
reflected in that new version) 
(xxx) 
Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
(xxxi) Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
(xxxii) Reference 
Obligation 
Only 
Termination Amount: 
[[        ]/Not Applicable] 
(N.b. to be specified for the purposes of Credit 
Linked Condition 18 for Reference Obligation Only 
Notes relating to a single Reference Entity) 
(xxxiii) Provisions 
relating 
to 
CoCo 
Reference Entities: 
Credit Linked Condition 22 [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix] 
[If Applicable, insert if required: 
Trigger Percentage: [        ]] 
(N.b. If applicable this should be specified for each 
Reference Entity) 
(xxxiv) Credit 
Linked 
Business 
Day 
Convention: 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding] 
(xxxv) Provisions relating to Senior Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations: 
Credit Linked Condition 23: [Applicable [for all 
Reference 
Entities]/Not 
Applicable 
[for 
all 
Reference Entities]/See Physical Settlement Matrix 
[for each Transaction Type as specified in the 
Index] /See the Table annexed to these Final Terms]

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
(N.b. Only specify "See the Table annexed to these 
Final Terms" if the "Additional Provisions for 
Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations" are 
applicable to some only of the Reference Entities. If 
a table is specified, the table should then include a 
column specifying to which Reference Entities these 
provisions apply) 
(xxxvi) 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit 
Event Provisions: 
Credit Linked Condition 24: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix [for 
each Transaction Type as specified in the Index]] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[Fallback 
Discounting: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix]  
Credit Deterioration Requirement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See Physical Settlement Matrix [for 
each Transaction Type as specified in the Index]]] 
(xxxvii) Limited Recourse Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable/See 
Physical 
Settlement Matrix] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES  
33. 
Provisions 
applicable 
to 
Physical 
Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Physical Delivery Option 
[1/2/3]] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Entitlement in relation to each 
Note: 
[The Entitlement Amount in relation to each Note is: 
 
[Delivery 
of 
Worst-Performing 
Underlying 
applicable: 
[Insert formula from SPS Payout Conditions] 
[Calculation Amount: []] 
Redemption Payout: [] 
SPS Valuation Date: []] 
 
[Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying applicable: 
[Insert formula from SPS Payout Conditions] 
[Calculation Amount: []] 
Redemption Payout: []

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
SPS Valuation Date: []] 
 
[Delivery of the Underlying applicable: 
[Insert formula from SPS Payout Conditions] 
[Calculation Amount: []] 
Redemption Payout: [] 
SPS Valuation Date: []] 
(b) 
Asset Amount in relation to each 
Note: 
[Specify] 
(c) 
[Relevant Asset(s): 
[As specified above]/The relevant asset[s] to which 
the Notes relate [is/are] [specify]. 
(d) 
[Settlement Business Day(s): 
[Specify] 
34. 
Variation of Settlement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable ] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Issuer's option to vary settlement: 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes.  
(b) 
Variation 
of 
Settlement 
of 
Physical Delivery Notes: 
[Notwithstanding the fact that the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes, the Issuer may make payment of the 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date./The Issuer 
will procure delivery of the Asset Amount in respect 
of the Notes.] 
35. 
Form of Notes:  
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]]  
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]  
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event]  
(b) 
New Global Note:  
[Yes][No]  
36. 
Additional Financial Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not Interest Period end dates to which 
subparagraphs 15(c) and 19(e)) relate)

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
37. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes:  
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
38. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences 
of failure to pay, including any right of the 
Issuer to forfeit the Notes and interest due 
on late payment:  
[Not Applicable/give details.  N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent Global 
Note may be required for Partly Paid issues] 
39. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s):  
[give details]  
(b) 
Instalment Date(s):  
[give details]  
40. 
Other terms or special conditions:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
41. 
In case the Notes are issued in a form not 
contemplated 
by 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions: 
[Specify variations to the Terms and Conditions  
(N.B.: Where Exempt Notes are to be admitted to 
trading on the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange or listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s Securities Official List, these variations 
shall be limited to the features of the interest and 
redemption basis.)]  
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement.  
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de 1'Etat, Luxembourg: 
 
By: 
Name:   
Title:

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING] 
Listing  
 
 
 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
listed on [the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange][the Securities Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange without admission to 
trading][specify other market – note this must not be 
a regulated market] with effect from [    ].] [Not 
Applicable] 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [Euro MTF market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [or specify other 
market] with effect from [_]] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
[EU 
Benchmark 
Regulation: 
EU 
Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks:  
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Securities 
are calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of 
Benchmark[s]/the [relevant] Benchmark], which 
[is/are] 
provided 
by 
[insert 
name[s] of 
the 
Administrator[s]/the [relevant] Administrator[, as 
specified in the table below] (if more than one, 
specify in relation to each relevant Benchmark)]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [insert 
name[s] of 
the 
Administrator[s]/the 
[relevant] 
Administrator[s]][[is/are] 
not 
included]/[[is/are] 
included][, as the case may be] specified in the table 
below] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
Administrators and Benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [(ESMA)] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
(Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011) [(the BMR)][, as specified in the table 
below].  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name of 
Benchmark[s]/the [relevant] Benchmark] [does/do] 
not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of the BMR.]/[the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that the [relevant] 
Administrator is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration[, as specified in the table 
below].] [repeat as necessary or insert necessary 
information in a table below]] 
[Benchmark 
Administrator 
Register 
Other 
Information 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[]

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
[Not Applicable]] 
3. 
RATINGS 
Ratings:  
[Not Applicable] [The Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated [insert details] by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)].]  
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings 
of the Notes are different to those stated in the 
Prospectus)  
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Manager(s)/Dealer(s)], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest including any 
conflicting interest material to the issue.  The Manager(s)/Dealer(s) and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
5. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
[Include “use of proceeds” wording if the proceeds 
of the Notes will specifically be used for projects 
and/or activities that promote climate-friendly and 
other environmental purposes (green projects)] 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF INDEX/SHARE AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE UNDERLYING6 
[Not Applicable]/ 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the index/share 
can be obtained.] 
[Name of the Issuer of the underlying security: 
 
[        ] 
[N.B. this shall not be the Issuer or an 
entity belonging to the Issuer's group] 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
Index name: 
[         ] 
Relevant weightings of each underlying in the 
basket: 
[         ] 
Source 
of 
information 
relating 
to 
the 
[index/indices/share]: 
[         ] 
Place 
where 
information 
to 
the 
[index/indices/share] can be obtained: 
[         ] 
                                                     
6  
Include for Notes to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes, (A) set out where information on past and future performance 
and volatility of each Reference Entity can be obtained by electronic means and whether or not 
it can be obtained free of charge and (B) where no Reference Obligation or Reference Entity 
represents 20% or more of the basket or index of Reference Entities either (i) set out in a table 
(a) the names of the reference entities and (if different) issuers of the Reference Obligation; and 
(b) the ISIN of the Reference Obligation or (ii) where such information is already included in 
item 31 of the Final Terms, include a cross reference thereto or (iii) in respect of all other Credit 
Linked Notes insert: 
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [[Non-]Standard Reference 
Obligation] (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
Name: 
[] 
Address: 
[] 
Country of incorporation: 
[] 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[] (For example financials, energy, insurance, 
manufacturing, construction, transport, media 
determined on the basis of available information on 
the Reference Entity) 
Market[(s)] on which securities are 
admitted to trading: 
[] 
[[Non-]Standard Reference Obligation] 
Securities Code: 
[][Not Applicable]  
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant Reference Entity and should be repeated for each 
Reference Entity.  Country of incorporation, industry and address will be "Not Applicable" for a 
Sovereign Reference entity and Securities Code (eg. ISIN/CUSIP) will be "Not Applicable" if 
there is no Reference Obligation or it has no securities code.) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and future performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[insert electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg]. (Repeat for each Reference Entity 
as applicable)] 
7. 
UNDERLYING DISCLAIMER7  
[For use in connection with Indices (including Inflation Indices)] 
[Not Applicable] 
[The issue of this series of Notes (in this paragraph, the Transaction) is not sponsored, endorsed, 
sold, or promoted by [NAME OF INDEX] (the Index) or [NAME OF INDEX SPONSOR] (the Index 
Sponsor) and the Index Sponsor does not make any representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which 
the Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise.  No Index or Index 
Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index.  
No Index Sponsor is making any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the 
                                                     
7  
Include for Index Linked Redemption Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with entering into any Transaction./ 
insert index disclaimer as per the relevant agreement with the respective Index Sponsor] [The Issuer 
shall not have any liability for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the 
calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Index.  Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date, 
neither the Issuer nor its affiliates have any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index 
Sponsor.] 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(a) 
ISIN:  
[         ] 
(b) 
Common Code:  
[         ] 
(c) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]8, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(d) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code]9, as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(e) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):  
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(f) 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
(g) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met] 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
                                                     
8  
The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
9  
The actual code should only be included where the issuer is comfortable that it is correct. 
10  
This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Notes as of the date of the 
Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION  
(a) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b) 
If syndicated, names of Managers:  
[Not Applicable/give names and addresses] 
(c) 
Date of Subscription Agreement:  
[         ] 
(d) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):  
[Not Applicable/give name]  
(e) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer:  
[Not Applicable/give name]  
(f) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions:  
[Reg. S Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA C/TEFRA 
not applicable]  
(g) 
Additional selling restrictions:  
[Not Applicable/give details]  
(h) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(i) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
10. 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
[The Notes are [not] Specified Notes for the purposes of Section 871(m).] [The Notes will not be 
Specified Notes if they do not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the Notes reference 
a U.S. equity or an index that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or 
indirect exposure to U.S. equities, further analysis would be required.] [Additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be available [provide appropriate 
contact details or location of such information].] [As at the date of this Pricing Supplement, the 
Issuer has not determined whether the Notes are Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m) of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; however, indicatively it considers that they will [not] be

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
Specified Notes for these purposes. This is indicative information only, subject to change, and if the 
Issuer's final determination is different then it will give notice of such determination. [Further 
information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be available [provide 
appropriate contact details or location of such information].]]10 (The Notes will not be Specified 
Notes if they (i) are issued prior to January 1, 2025 and are not "delta-one" for U.S. tax purposes 
or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. equity 
or an index that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure 
to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to January 1, 2025 and provide a return that does not differ 
significantly from the return on an investment in the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after 
January 1, 2025, further analysis would be required. If the Notes are Specified Notes, include the 
"Additional information" sentence and provide the appropriate contact information at the Issuer.)] 
11. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO GREEN BONDS  
Green Bonds 
[Yes/No] 
[Reviewer(s):] 
[Name of sustainability rating agency(ies) [and name 
of third party assurance agent] and [give details of 
compliance opinion(s) and availability]] 
[Date of third party opinion(s):] 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
 
                                                     
10  
This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not made a determination regarding whether the Notes are Specified Notes as of the date of the 
Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to be issued by the Issuer which will include the 
additional terms and conditions for payouts of Notes contained in Annex 1, the additional provisions applicable 
to Index Linked Redemption Notes, Equity Linked Redemption Notes and Index Linked Interest Notes 
contained in Annex 2 and the additional provisions applicable to Credit Linked Notes contained in Annex 3 
and which, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Final Terms, will be 
incorporated by reference into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case 
only if permitted by the rules of the relevant stock exchange (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed upon 
or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche 
of Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, modify the following Terms and Conditions for the 
purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be incorporated in, 
or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to "applicable Final Terms" 
above for a description of the content of Final Terms which will include the definitions of certain terms used 
in the following Terms and Conditions or specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant 
Notes. 
References to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note; and 
(c) 
any Global Note. 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (such Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 30 June 2023 made between the Issuer, Banque et Caisse 
d'Epargne de l'Etat, Luxembourg, as principal paying agent and agent bank (the Agent, which expression shall 
include any successor as agent) the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the Paying 
Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and the Issuing Agent (the 
Issuing Agent, which expression shall include any successor Issuing Agent). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions) or, if 
this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
(EEA) nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation (an Exempt Note), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part 
A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this 
Note.  Any reference in the Conditions to applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to include a reference to 
applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant.  The expression Prospectus Regulation means (EU) 
2017/1129. References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued 
in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Exempt Notes in definitive form which are repayable in 
instalments have receipts (Receipts) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) attached on issue.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders, shall mean the holders of the Notes and shall, in relation to any 
Notes represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference to Receiptholders shall 
mean the holders of the Receipts and any reference to Couponholders shall mean the holders of any Coupons 
and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of any Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Owners of interests in a global Note governed by Luxembourg law will, subject to proof of ownership 
of such interest, be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer either individually or, following the 
appointment of a Noteholder's representative, collectively through such representative, pursuant to 
articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies Act 1915. 
A copy of the Agency Agreement is available for inspection free of charge during normal business hours at 
the specified office of each of the Agent and the other Paying Agents or may be provided by email to a 
Noteholder following their prior written request to the Agent or any Paying Agent and provision of proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Agent or the relevant Paying Agent).  If the Notes are to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms 
will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  If this Note is an 
Exempt Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more 
Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent as 
to its holding of such Notes and identity.  The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms which are binding on them. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denomination (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note is a Senior Note, and in case of a Senior Note, either a Senior Preferred Note or a Senior 
Non Preferred Note (each as defined below), or a Subordinated Note, as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this note may be, to the extent specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a Note linked to the underlying 
reference asset(s) (an Underlying Reference(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms such as an 
Inflation Linked Interest Note, a Range Accrual Note, a Dual Range Accrual Note, an Index Linked 
Redemption Note, an Equity Linked Redemption Note, a Credit Linked Note or any appropriate 
combination thereof. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Interest Note, an Instalment 
Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending on the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
Notes in definitive form are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not 
applicable. 
In the case of any Equity Linked Redemption Notes and any Credit Linked Notes the applicable Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) will specify whether the Notes are Cash 
Settled Notes or Physical Delivery Notes.  Save as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes), Cash Settled Notes will be redeemed by the 
payment to the Noteholders of such amount as is specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) and Physical Delivery Notes will be redeemed by the 
delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in 
the case of Exempt Notes). 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery.  The Issuer 
and any Paying Agent may, except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by 
law, deem and treat the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether 
or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without prejudice to 
the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying 
Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to 
the payment of principal or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global 
Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note (and the expressions Noteholder and holder 
of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly).  Notes which are represented by a 
global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Status of the Notes 
The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) will indicate whether 
the Notes are Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Subordinated Notes. 
2.1 
Status of the Senior Notes 
The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) will indicate whether 
the Senior Notes are senior preferred Notes (the Senior Preferred Notes) or senior non preferred 
Notes (the Senior Non Preferred Notes). 
(a) 
Status of the Senior Preferred Notes 
If the Notes are specified as Senior Preferred Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 3) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
themselves and (save for certain debts required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations and any obligations permitted by law to rank junior 
to Senior Preferred Notes, if any) of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
(b) 
Status of the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
If the Notes are specified as Senior Non Preferred Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes, Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior obligations of 
the Issuer according to the ranking referred to in article 152(3) of the Resolution Law (together, the 
Statutory Second Ranking Senior Liabilities), and rank and shall at all times rank within the senior 
and unsecured liabilities of the Issuer: 
(i) 
pari passu and without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank, or are expressed 
to rank, equally with the Senior Non Preferred Notes, Receipts and Coupons (the Senior 
Parity Liabilities); 
(iii) 
senior to the Issuer's ordinary shares and any other obligations or capital instruments of the 
Issuer that rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the Senior Non Preferred Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons, including any obligations or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute 
Additional Tier 1 capital under Article 52 of Commission Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 or 
Tier 2 capital under Article 63 of Commission Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 or which rank 
or are expressed to rank pari passu with Additional Tier 1 capital or Tier 2 capital (together, 
the Subordinated Obligations); and 
(iv) 
junior to present and future claims of unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any senior notes issued by the Issuer that constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and that at all times rank pari passu 
and without any preference among themselves) (the Statutory Ordinary Senior Liabilities). 
Upon the insolvency of the Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed 
for the Liquidation (as defined in Condition 2.4) of the Issuer, save as may be provided by mandatory 
applicable legislation in relation to creditors' rights, Noteholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders 
will have a right to of principal payment under the Senior Non Preferred Notes and of Coupons and 
Receipts: 
(i) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full in respect of Statutory Ordinary Senior Liabilities 
or any present and future claims benefiting from statutory preferences or otherwise ranking in 
priority to the Senior Non Preferred Notes, Coupons and Receipts; and 
(ii) 
in full, in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Obligations and other present and future 
claims otherwise ranking junior to the Statutory Second Ranking Senior Liabilities. 
Subject to the application of the Resolution Law or the Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM) in 
Luxembourg, the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes may be subject to write-
down or conversion by a relevant authority which may result in the Noteholders and Couponholders 
losing some or all of their investment, as described in "Risk Factors - Bail-in tool under BRRD II". 
2.2 
Status and Subordination of Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
If the Notes are specified as Subordinated Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes and the 
relative Receipts and Coupons relating to them constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
obligations of the Issuer and rank and will rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves.  The rights and claims of the holders of Subordinated Notes and the relative Receipts and 
Coupons against the Issuer in respect of such Subordinated Notes and the relative Receipts and 
Coupons (including any damages (if payable)) are subordinated to the claims of Senior Creditors (as 
defined below). 
Notes that constitute Tier 2 Capital will have a minimum maturity of five years. Any reductions of Tier 
2 Capital of the Issuer will need a prior approval of the Regulator.  
(b) 
Subordination of Subordinated Notes 
In the event of the Liquidation of the Issuer, the rights of the holders of the Subordinated Notes and 
the relative Receipts and Coupons against the Issuer in respect of such Subordinated Notes and the 
relative Receipts and Coupons (including any damages) if payable)) shall: 
(i) 
be subordinated to the claims of all Senior Creditors; 
(ii) 
rank pari passu with the claims of all other subordinated creditors of the Issuer which in each 
case by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, pari passu with the Subordinated  
Notes; and 
(iii) 
rank senior to the claims of holders of the Issuer's ordinary shares, preference shares and any 
junior subordinated obligations or other securities of the Issuer which by law rank, or by their 
terms are expressed to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes. 
Subject to the application of the Resolution Law or the Single Resolution Mechanism (SRM), the 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion by a relevant authority which may 
result in the Noteholders and Couponholders losing some or all of their investment, as described in 
"Risk Factors – Loss absorption at the point of non-viability" and "Bail-in tool under BRRD II". 
2.3 
No set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder or Couponholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of 
set-off, netting, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising 
under, or in connection with, the Notes or Coupons and each Noteholder or Couponholder shall, by 
virtue of its holding of any Notes or Coupons (as the case may be), be deemed to have waived all such 
rights of set-off, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the above, if any amounts due and 
payable to any Noteholder or Couponholder by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, the Notes or 
Coupons are discharged by set-off, such Noteholder or Couponholder shall, subject to applicable law, 
immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer (or the liquidator or 
administrator of the Issuer as the case may be) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an 
amount equal to such amount in a fiduciary (fiduciaire) capacity, or where applicable law permits, in 
trust for the Issuer (or the liquidator or administrator of the Issuer, as the case may be) and, accordingly, 
any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
2.4 
Defined Terms 
In these Conditions: 
Bail-in Power means any power existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, 
any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Luxembourg relating to (i) the transposition 
of the BRRD as amended or superseded from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform 
procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the 
Single Resolution Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
1093/2010 (as amended or superseded from time to time, the SRM Regulation) and (iii) the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of certain 
entities as set out in such law, regulation, rules or requirements can be reduced, cancelled, suspended, 
modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations;  
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or such other directive as may come into effect 
in place thereof, as implemented in Luxembourg and as amended or replaced from time to time and 
including any other relevant implementing regulatory provisions; 
Liquidation means if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the judicial liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer in accordance with Articles 129ff. of the Luxembourg law of 18 
December 2015 on the default of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (the 
Resolution Law) or an effective resolution is passed for the voluntary liquidation (liquidation 
volontaire) of the Issuer in accordance with Article 128 of the Resolution Law;  
Regulated Entity means any entity to which BRRD, as implemented in Luxembourg and as amended 
or superseded from time to time, or any other Luxembourg piece of legislation relating to the Bail-in 
Power, applies, which includes, certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent 
or holding companies;  
Senior Creditors means creditors of the Issuer (i) who are depositors and/or other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (including holders of Senior Notes); (ii) whose claims are or are expressed to 
be subordinated (whether only in the event of the Liquidation of the Issuer or otherwise) to the claims 
of unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, other than those whose claims by law rank, or by their terms 
are expressed to rank, pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of the Noteholders and holders of the 
relevant Coupons; 
3. 
Negative Pledge in respect of Senior Notes 
If the Notes are specified as Senior Notes in the applicable Final Terms, so long as any of the Notes 
remain outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer will not create or permit to be 
outstanding any pledge, mortgage, charge or other security interest for the benefit of the holders of 
any Securities (as defined below) upon the whole or any part of the property or assets, present or 
future, of the Issuer to secure (a) any payment due in respect of any Securities (b) any payment under 
any guarantee of any Securities or (c) any payment under any indemnity or other like obligation 
relating to any Securities, in any such case in which: 
(a) 
either such Securities are by their terms originally denominated or originally payable, or 
confer a right to receive payment, in any currency other than Euro or all such Securities are 
originally denominated or originally payable in Euro and more than 50% of the aggregate 
principal amount thereof is initially distributed outside Luxembourg by or with the 
authorisation of the issuer thereof; and 
(b) 
such Securities are for the time being, or are intended to be, quoted, listed, ordinarily dealt in 
or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other similar securities market, 
without in any such case at the same time according to the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons the 
same security as is granted to or is outstanding in respect of such Securities or such guarantee, 
indemnity or other like obligation or such other security or arrangement as shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders.  For the purposes of this Condition, Securities means 
bonds, debentures, notes or other similar securities of the Issuer or any other person with a stated 
maturity of more than one year from the creation thereof.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
4. 
Interest 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, 
Zero Coupon Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes, Range Accrual Notes, Dual Range Accrual Notes 
or, in the case of Exempt Notes, whether a different interest basis applies. 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 4.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 4.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes.  
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of 
Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable 
Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination 
Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the fixed Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date.  The first payment of interest will be made on 
the Interest Payment Date next following the Interest Commencement Date and, if the first anniversary 
of, or other relevant period following, the Interest Commencement Date is not an Interest Payment 
Date, in the case of Notes in definitive form will amount to the Initial Broken Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  In the case of Notes in definitive form, if the Maturity Date is not an Interest 
Payment Date, interest from and including the preceding Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to the Maturity Date will amount to the Final Broken Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest 
Period ending on such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such global Note (or, if 
they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Fixed Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to 
the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of 
a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount 
is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Date(s) means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
Fixed Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Fixed 
Interest Period: 
(a) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(b) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 
360. 
(c) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day 
of the Interest Period unless, in the case of an Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date, the 
Maturity Date is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month); and 
(d) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year. 
Fixed Interest Period means the period from and including an Interest Period End Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to but excluding the next (or first) Interest Period End Date; and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, means one 
cent.

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
Fixed Rate Notes may also include an interest step-up provision whereby the Rate of Interest payable 
increases at pre-determined periods to a pre-determined percentage per annum (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for such Notes). 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes and Range Accrual Reference Rate 
Determination on Range Accrual and Dual Range Accrual Notes 
This Condition 4.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes and Reference Rate 
Determination on Range Accrual and Dual Range Accrual Notes only.  The applicable Final Terms 
must be read in conjunction with these Conditions for full information on the manner in which interest 
is calculated on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Interest Notes and how the Range Accrual 
Reference Rate is determined for Range Accrual and Dual Range Accrual Notes.  In particular, the 
applicable Final Terms will identify any Interest Payment Dates, any Interest Period End Dates, the 
Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, the 
applicable Reference Rate(s), Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen Page, the party who 
will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum 
interest rates and the Day Count Fraction.   
Each Floating Rate Note and each Inflation Linked Interest Note bears interest from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms and on the Maturity Date. 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
The Final Terms in relation to each Series of Notes may specify one of the following business 
day conventions as being applicable, namely: 
(i) 
the FRN Convention, in which case interest shall be payable in arrear on each date 
(each an Interest Payment Date) which numerically corresponds to their Issue Date or 
such other date as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may 
be, the preceding Interest Payment Date, in the calendar month which is the number 
of months specified in the applicable Final Terms after the month in which such Issue 
Date or such other date as aforesaid or, as the case may be, the preceding Interest 
Payment Date occurred; provided that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which an Interest Payment Date should occur, then the relevant Interest 
Payment Date will be the last day which is a Business Day (as defined below) 
in that month; 
(B) 
if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then the relevant Interest Payment Date will be the first 
following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
(C) 
if such Issue Date or such other date as aforesaid or, as the case may be, the 
preceding Interest Payment Date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent Interest Payment Dates will 
be the last day which is a Business Day in the month which is the specified 
number of months after the month in which such Issue Date or such other date 
as aforesaid or, as the case may be, the preceding Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, in which case interest shall be 
payable in arrear on such dates (each an Interest Payment Date) as are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; provided that, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise 
fall on a date which is not a Business Day, the relevant Interest Payment Date will be 
the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case the relevant Interest Payment Date will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, in which case interest shall be payable in 
arrear on such dates (each an Interest Payment Date) as are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; provided that, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a 
date which is not a Business Day, the relevant Interest Payment Date will be the first 
following day which is a Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, in which case interest shall be payable in 
arrear on such dates (each an Interest Payment Date) as are specified in this applicable 
Final Terms; provided that, if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a 
date which is not a Business Day, the relevant Interest Payment Date will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; or 
(v) 
in relation to Exempt Notes only, such other convention as may be specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms specifies that the 
relevant business day convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest 
Amount (as defined below) payable on any date shall not be affected by the 
application of that business day convention. 
Each period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or 
the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date is herein called an Interest Period. If a Business Day Convention is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not 
a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 4.2 - Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes and Range Accrual Reference Rate Determination on Range Accrual 
and Dual Range Accrual Notes - above, the FRN Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a 
Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (a) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
Euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (any such centre, an Additional Business 
Centre and which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (b) in relation 
to any sum payable in Euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System, which was launched 
on 20 March 2023 or any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is 
open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes and Range Accrual Reference Rate Determination on 
Range Accrual and Dual Range Accrual Notes 
The (A) Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Range Accrual and Floating Rate Dual Range Accrual Notes; or (B) the Range 
Accrual Reference Rate in respect of Range Accrual and Dual Range Accrual Notes, will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms as described below. 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes – Term Rate, Range Accrual and 
Dual Range Accrual Notes 
This Condition 4.2(b)(i) applies where (I) the Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant 
Series of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined and “Term Rate” is specified to be 
“Applicable” or (II) the Range Accrual Reference Rate for each Interest Period is to 
be determined. 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period or Range Accrual Reference Rate will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
I. 
the offered quotation; or 
II. 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate(s) (such as 
EURIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) (I) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable or (II) on such relevant determination date for Range Accrual or 
Dual Range Accrual Notes, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable 
for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of 
such offered quotations. 
If the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable cannot determine the Rate of 
Interest or the Range Accrual Reference Rate as aforementioned, because the 
Relevant Screen Page is not published, or if the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable cannot make such determination for any other reason, then the Rate of 
Interest or the Range Accrual Reference Rate (as applicable) for the respective Interest 
Period shall be determined as at the last preceding (I) Interest Determination Date or 
(II) determination date for Range Accrual or Dual Range Accrual Notes, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero.   
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate – SARON Compounded 
(A) 
Where (i) Overnight Rate is specified as being Applicable and (ii) SARON 
Compounded is specified as the Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 4.2(j) and as provided below, be SARON 
Compounded with respect to such Interest Accrual Period, all as determined by the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
(B) 
“SARON Compounded” means, with respect to any Interest Accrual Period, subject 
to Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(D) and Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(E), the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily overnight interest rate of the secured 
funding market for Swiss franc) as calculated by the Agent or the Calculation, as 
applicable, at the SARON Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards): 
ቂ∏
ቀ1 +
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖×𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
ቁ−1
𝑑𝑑𝑏𝑏
𝑖𝑖=1
ቃ×
360
𝑑𝑑𝑐𝑐 
where: 
“db” means the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period; 
“dc” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SARON Observation Period;  
“i” indexes a series of whole numbers from one to “db”, representing the Zurich 
Banking Days in the relevant SARON Observation Period in chronological order from 
(and including) the first Zurich Banking Day in such SARON Observation Period;

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
“ni” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such Zurich Banking Day “i” to (but excluding) the first 
following Zurich Banking Day; 
“SARON” or “Swiss Average Rate Overnight” means, in respect of any Zurich 
Banking Day, 
(i) 
the overnight interest rate of the secured funding market for the Swiss franc 
for such Zurich Banking Day published by the SARON Administrator on the 
SARON Administrator Website at the SARON Specified Time on such 
Zurich Banking Day; or 
(ii) 
if such rate is not so published on the SARON Administrator Website at the 
SARON Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index 
Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have not both 
occurred at or prior to the SARON Specified Time on such Zurich Banking 
Day, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published by the SARON 
Administrator on the SARON Administrator Website for the last preceding 
Zurich Banking Day on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight was 
published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON Administrator 
Website; or 
(iii) 
if such rate is not so published on the SARON Administrator Website at the 
SARON Specified Time on such Zurich Banking Day and a SARON Index 
Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have both 
occurred at or prior to the SARON Specified Time on such Zurich Banking 
Day, 
(x) 
if there is a Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the 
Recommended Replacement Rate for such Zurich Banking Day, 
giving effect to the Recommended Adjustment Spread, if any, 
published on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
(y) 
if there is no Recommended Replacement Rate within one Zurich 
Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date, the 
policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the “SNB Policy Rate”) for 
such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment 
Spread, if any. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the SNB Policy Rate for any Zurich Banking Day with 
respect to which SARON is to be determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (iii)(y) above 
has not been published on such Zurich Banking Day, then in respect of such Zurich 
Banking Day (the “Affected Zurich Banking Day”) and each Zurich Banking Day 
thereafter, SARON will be replaced by the Replacement Rate, if any, determined in 
accordance with Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(E) for purposes of determining the Rate of 
Interest; 
“SARON Administrator” means SIX Index Ltd (including any successor thereto) or 
any successor administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
“SARON Administrator Website” means the website of the SIX Group, or any 
successor website or other source on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight is 
published by or on behalf of the SARON Administrator;

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
“SARON Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling five Zurich Banking Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Accrual Period and ending on (but excluding) the date falling five 
Zurich Banking Days prior to the day on which such Interest Accrual Period ends (but 
which by its definition is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period); 
“SARON Specified Time” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, close of 
trading on the trading platform of SIX Repo Ltd (or any successor thereto) on such 
Zurich Banking Day, which is expected to be on or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time);  
“SARONi” means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day “i”, SARON for such Zurich 
Banking Day i; and 
“Zurich Banking Day” means a day on which banks are open in the City of Zurich 
for the settlement of payments and of foreign exchange transactions. 
(C) 
As used in this Condition 4.2(b)(ii): 
“Recommended Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to any Recommended 
Replacement Rate, the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or formula 
or methodology for calculating such a spread: 
(i) 
that the Recommending Body has recommended to be applied to such 
Recommended Replacement Rate in the case of fixed income securities with 
respect to which such Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate for purposes of 
determining the applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
(ii) 
if the Recommending Body has not recommended such a spread, formula or 
methodology as described in paragraph (i) above, to be applied to such 
Recommended Replacement Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with such Recommended 
Replacement Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will 
be determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, and be consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for fixed income securities with respect to which 
such Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight as the reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable rate 
of interest thereon; 
“Recommended Replacement Rate” means the rate that has been recommended as 
the replacement for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by any working group or 
committee in Switzerland organised in the same or a similar manner as the National 
Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for 
purposes of, inter alia, considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in 
Switzerland (any such working group or committee, the “Recommending Body”); 
“SARON Index Cessation Effective Date” means the earliest of: 
(i) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in paragraph (i) of the definition thereof, the date on which the SARON 
Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight;

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in sub-paragraph (ii)(x) of the definition thereof, the latest of: 
(x) 
the date of such statement or publication; 
(y) 
the date, if any, specified in such statement or publication as the date 
on which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight will no longer be 
representative; and 
(z) 
if a SARON Index Cessation Event described in sub-paragraph (ii)(y) 
of the definition thereof has occurred on or prior to either or both 
dates specified in sub-paragraphs (x) and (y) of this paragraph (ii), 
the date as of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer 
be used; and 
(iii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in sub-paragraph (ii)(y) of the definition thereof, the date as of which the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used; 
“SARON Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, announcing or 
confirming that the SARON Administrator has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (x) the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative or will as of a certain date 
no longer be representative, or (y) the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no 
longer be used after a certain date, which statement, in the case of sub-
paragraph (y), is applicable to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income 
securities and derivatives; and 
“SNB Adjustment Spread” means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, the spread 
to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight with the SNB Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which 
spread will be determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, acting 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, taking into account the historical 
median between the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy Rate during 
the two year period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event 
occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event has occurred, the date 
on which the first of such events occurred). 
(D) 
If the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, (A) is required to use a 
Recommended Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate pursuant to sub-paragraphs 
(iii)(x) or (iii)(y) of the definition of “SARON” for purposes of determining SARON 
for any Zurich Banking Day, and (B) determines that any changes to the definitions 
of Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date,

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
Interest Payment Date, Interest Accrual Period, SARON Observation Period, 
SARON, SARON Administrator, SARON Administrator Website, SARON Specified 
Time or Zurich Banking Day are necessary in order to use such Recommended 
Replacement Rate (and any Recommended Adjustment Spread) or the SNB Policy 
Rate (and any SNB Adjustment Spread), as the case may be, for such purposes, such 
definitions will be amended as contemplated in Condition 15.2 to reflect such 
changes, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Agent, the 
Calculation Agent (if applicable), the Issuing Agent, any other Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, specifying the Recommended 
Replacement Rate and any Recommended Adjustment Spread or any SNB 
Adjustment Spread, as applicable, and the amendments implemented pursuant to 
Condition 15.2. 
(E) 
Unless the Issuer has elected to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 6, the 
Issuer will appoint a “Replacement Rate Agent” on or prior to the first Zurich 
Banking Day (a) with respect to which SARON is to be determined pursuant to 
paragraph (iii) of the definition of “SARON” and (b) for which the SNB Policy Rate 
has not been published thereon. The Issuer may appoint an affiliate of the Issuer or 
any other person as Replacement Rate Agent, so long as such affiliate or other person 
is a leading financial institution that is experienced in the calculations or 
determinations to be made by the Replacement Rate Agent. The Issuer will notify the 
Noteholders of any such appointment in accordance with Condition 14. 
(F) 
If the conditions set out in the last paragraph of the definition of “SARON” have been 
satisfied, then the Replacement Rate Agent will determine whether to use an 
alternative rate to SARON for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and for all 
subsequent Zurich Banking Days in the SARON Observation Period in which the 
Affected Zurich Banking Day falls (the “Affected SARON Observation Period”) 
and all SARON Observation Periods thereafter. If the Replacement Rate Agent 
determines to use an alternative rate pursuant to the immediately preceding sentence, 
it shall select such rate that it has determined is most comparable to the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight (the “Existing Rate”), provided that if it determines that there is an 
appropriate industry-accepted successor rate to the Existing Rate, it shall use such 
industry-accepted successor rate. If the Replacement Rate Agent has determined an 
alternative rate in accordance with the foregoing (such rate, the “Replacement 
Rate”), for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest, (i) the Replacement Rate 
Agent shall determine (A) the method for obtaining the Replacement Rate (including 
any alternative method for determining the Replacement Rate if such alternative rate 
is unavailable on the relevant Interest Determination Date), which method shall be 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for the Replacement Rate, and (B) any 
adjustment factor as may be necessary to make the Replacement Rate comparable to 
the Existing Rate consistent with industry-accepted practices for the Replacement 
Rate, (ii) for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and all subsequent Zurich Banking 
Days in the Affected SARON Observation Period and all SARON Observation 
Periods thereafter, references to SARON in these Conditions shall be deemed to be 
references to the Replacement Rate, including any alternative method for determining 
such rate and any adjustment factor as described in paragraph (i) above, (iii) if the 
Replacement Rate Agent determines that changes to the definitions of Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, 
Interest Accrual Period, SARON, SARON Observation Period, SARON Specified 
Time or Zurich Banking Day are necessary in order to implement the Replacement 
Rate as SARON, such definitions will be amended as contemplated in Condition 15.2 
to reflect such changes, and (iv) the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
the Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the Issuing Agent, any other Paying

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, specifying the 
Replacement Rate, as well as the details described in paragraph (i) above, and the 
amendments implemented pursuant to Condition 15.2. Any determination to be made 
by the Replacement Rate Agent pursuant to this Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(E), including any 
determination with respect to a rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection, will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Replacement Rate Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate - Compounded Daily SONIA - Non-
Index Determination 
(A) 
Where (i) Overnight Rate is specified as being Applicable, (ii) Compounded 
Daily SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate and (iii) Index Determination 
is specified as being Not Applicable, the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject to Condition 4.2(j) and as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
Compounded Daily SONIA means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated 
by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, as at the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
ቂ∏
ቀ1 +
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
ቁ−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
ቃ×
D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified, 365); 
do means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Observation Period;

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant London 
Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in:  
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
ni for any London Banking Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following London 
Banking Day; 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” 
London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period to 
(but excluding) the date falling “p” London Banking Days prior to (A) (in the case of 
an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the 
case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due;  
p means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the “Lag Period” in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five London 
Banking Days); or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of London Banking Days specified as the 
“Observation Shift Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, five London Banking Days); 
the SONIA reference rate, in respect of any London Banking Day (LBDx), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for 
such LBDx as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and 
as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Banking Day immediately following LBDx; and 
SONIAi means the SONIA reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to 
the relevant London Banking Day “i”; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
(B) 
Subject to Condition 4.2(j), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant 
to Condition 4.2(b)(iii) above, in respect of any London Banking Day on which an

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
applicable SONIA reference rate is required to be determined, such SONIA reference 
rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the SONIA reference rate in 
respect of such London Banking Day shall be the rate determined by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, as:  
(I) 
the sum of (i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London 
Banking Day; and (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA reference rate to 
the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days in respect of 
which a SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest 
spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads); or 
(II) 
if the Bank Rate under (B)(i) above is not available at the relevant time, either 
(A) the SONIA reference rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day in respect of which the SONIA reference rate 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors) or (B) if this is more recent, the latest rate 
determined under (B) above, 
and, in each case, references to “SONIA reference rate” in Condition 4.2(b)(iii) above 
shall be construed accordingly. 
(C) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 4.2(b)(iii), and without prejudice to Condition 
4.2(j), the Rate of Interest shall be: 
 
(I) 
that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date on which 
the Rate of Interest was so determined (though substituting, where a different 
Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period); or  
(II) 
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first scheduled 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to 
the first scheduled Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first 
scheduled Interest Period), 
in each case as determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate - Compounded Daily SONIA - Index 
Determination 
(A) 
Where (i) Overnight Rate is specified as being Applicable, (ii) Compounded Daily 
SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate and (iii) Index Determination is specified

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
as being Applicable, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
to Condition 4.2(j) and as provided below, be the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate 
with respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) (expressed as 
a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
by reference to the screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates 
administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference rate that is published or 
displayed on the Relevant Screen Page specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
no such page is so specified or if such page is unavailable at the relevant time, as 
otherwise published or displayed by such administrator or other information service 
from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination Date (the SONIA 
Compounded Index), and in accordance with the following formula: 
Compounded Daily SONIA Rate     = 
ቀ
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝐼𝐼𝐴𝐴 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1ቁ 𝑥𝑥 
365
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to 
which SONIA Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
London Banking Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, five); 
SONIA Compounded IndexStart means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period; and 
SONIA Compounded IndexEnd means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, 
the SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Accrual Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant payment of 
interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions 
is excluded from such Interest Accrual Period).  
(B) 
If the relevant SONIA Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or 
scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing 
operational procedures of the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such 
other information service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the Compounded Daily SONIA Rate for the applicable Interest Accrual Period 
for which the SONIA Compounded Index is not available shall be “Compounded

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
Daily SONIA” determined in accordance with Condition 4.2(b)(iii) above as if “Index 
Determination” were specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be, as being ‘Not Applicable’, and for these purposes: (i) the 
“Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Observation Shift” and (ii) the 
“Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate – SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
(A) 
Compounded Daily SOFR 
Where (i) Overnight Rate is specified as being Applicable, (ii) Compounded Daily 
SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate and (iii) Index Determination is specified as 
being Not Applicable, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
to Condition 4.2(j) and as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR with respect 
to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the 
rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily U.S. dollars 
secured overnight financing rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as 
calculated by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, as at the relevant 
Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
ቂ∏
ቀ1 +
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆i   × ni
𝐷𝐷
ቁ
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 = 1
−1ቃ×
D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
d is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified, 360); 
do means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in:  
(i) 
where “Lag” or “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
Lock-out Period means the period from (and including) the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to (but excluding) the corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
New York Fed’s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) or any successor source; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” up to (but excluding) the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to (A) (in the case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period or (B) (in the case of any other Interest Accrual Period) 
the date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due; 
p means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days specified 
as the “Lag Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so 
specified, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days);  
(ii) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, zero U.S. Government Securities Business Days; or  
(iii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified as the “Observation Shift Period” in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days); 
Reference Day means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, other than any U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the Lock-out Period; 
SOFR  in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day (USBDx), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed’s Website, in each case at 
or around 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day immediately following such USBDx; 
SOFRi means the SOFR for:

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i”;  
(ii) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(I) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that 
is a Reference Day, the SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day; 
or 
(II) 
in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” that 
is not a Reference Day (being a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding the last 
Reference Day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (such last 
Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination Date); or  
(iii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i”; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(B) 
Weighted Average SOFR 
Where (i) Overnight Rate is specified as being Applicable, (ii) Weighted Average 
SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate and (iii) Index Determination is specified as 
being Not Applicable, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
to Condition 4.2(j) and as provided below, be the Weighted Average SOFR with 
respect to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as calculated by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, as of the Interest Determination Date (and rounded, 
if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards), 
where: 
Weighted Average SOFR means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the SOFR in effect for each calendar day 
during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant SOFR by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, 
determining the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes, the 
SOFR in effect for any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day shall be deemed to be the SOFR in effect for the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such calendar 
day; and

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
(ii) 
where “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the arithmetic mean of the SOFR in effect for each calendar day 
during the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant SOFR by the number of days such rate is in effect, determining the 
sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, provided however that for any 
calendar day of such Interest Accrual Period falling in the Lock-out Period, 
the relevant SOFR for each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed 
to be the SOFR in effect for the Reference Day immediately preceding the 
first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the SOFR in effect for 
any calendar day which is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the SOFR in effect for 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day. 
Defined terms used in this paragraph (B) and not otherwise defined herein have the 
meanings given to them in paragraph (v) above of this Condition 4.2(b)(v). 
(C) 
SOFR Unavailable 
Subject to Condition 4.2(j), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant 
to this Condition 4.2(b)(v), in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in respect of which an applicable SOFR is required to be determined, such SOFR 
is not available, such SOFR shall be the SOFR for the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in respect of which the SOFR was published on 
the New York Fed’s Website. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 4.2(b)(v) but without prejudice to Condition 
4.2(j), the Rate of Interest shall be calculated in accordance, mutatis mutandis, with 
the provisions of Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(C). 
(vi) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate - SOFR - Index Determination 
(A) 
Where (i) Overnight Rate is specified as being Applicable, (ii) Compounded Daily 
SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate and (iii) Index Determination is specified as 
being Applicable, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject to 
Condition 4.2(j) and as provided below, be the Compounded SOFR with respect to 
such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable. 
Compounded SOFR means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
(expressed as a percentage and rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, in accordance with the following formula: 
ቀ
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆−1ቁ𝑥𝑥 
360
𝑑𝑑𝑐𝑐 
where: 
dc is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR 
IndexEnd is determined;

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
Relevant Number is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, five);  
SOFR means the daily secured overnight financing rate as provided by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website;  
SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of SOFR);  
SOFR Administrator’s Website means the website of the SOFR Administrator, or 
any successor source; 
SOFR Index, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means 
the SOFR index value as published by the SOFR Administrator as such index appears 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) on 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); 
SOFR IndexStart, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value 
for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding the first day of such Interest Accrual Period;  
SOFR IndexEnd, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, is the SOFR Index value 
for the day which is the Relevant Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days preceding (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period, or (B) 
such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Accrual Period); and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.  
(B) 
If, as at any relevant SOFR Determination Time, the relevant SOFR Index is not 
published or displayed on the SOFR Administrator’s Website by the SOFR 
Administrator, the Compounded SOFR for the applicable Interest Accrual Period for 
which the relevant SOFR Index is not available shall be “Compounded Daily SOFR” 
determined in accordance with Condition 4.2(b)(v) above as if “Index Determination” 
were specified in the applicable Final Terms as being ‘Not Applicable’, and for these 
purposes: (i) the “Observation Method” shall be deemed to be “Observation Shift” 
and (ii) the “Observation Shift Period” shall be deemed to be equal to the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days, as if such alternative elections 
had been made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination – Overnight Rate - Compounded Daily €STR – Non-Index 
Determination 
(A) 
Where (i) Overnight Rate is specified as being Applicable, (ii) Compounded Daily 
€STR is specified as the Reference Rate and (iii) Index Determination is specified as 
being Not Applicable, the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period will, subject 
to Condition 4.2(j) and as provided below, be Compounded Daily €STR with respect 
to such Interest Accrual Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
Compounded Daily €STR means, with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Euro short-term rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) as calculated by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, as at the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded 
if necessary to the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards): 
ቂ∏
ቀ1 +
€STR𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
D
ቁ−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
ቃ×
D
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
the €STR reference rate, in respect of any TARGET Business Day (TBDx), is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Euro short-term rate (€STR) for such TBDx as 
provided by the European Central Bank as the administrator of €STR (or any 
successor administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central Bank (or, 
if no longer published on its website, as otherwise published by it or provided by it to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors) on the TARGET Business Day immediately following TBDx (in each 
case, at the time specified by, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
methodology, policies or guidelines, of the European Central Bank or the successor 
administrator of such rate);  
€STRi means the €STR reference rate for: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the TARGET Business Day falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior 
to the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; or  
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”. 
d is the number of calendar days in: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
D is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is specified, 360); 
do means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of TARGET Business Days in the 
relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
i is a series of whole numbers from one to “do”, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Business Day in:  
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Interest Accrual Period; or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Period; 
ni for any TARGET Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such TARGET Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the following 
TARGET Business Day; 
Observation Period means the period from (and including) the date falling “p” 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
to (but excluding) the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to (A) (in the 
case of an Interest Period) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or (B) 
(in the case of any other Interest Accrual Period) the date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due;  
p means: 
(i) 
where “Lag” is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of TARGET Business Days specified as the “Lag Period” 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five 
TARGET Business Days); or 
(ii) 
where “Observation Shift” is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of TARGET Business Days specified as 
the “Observation Shift Period” in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, five TARGET Business Days); and 
TARGET Business Day means any day on which T2 is open. 
(B) 
Subject to Condition 4.2(j), if, where any Rate of Interest is to be calculated pursuant 
to Condition 4.2(b)(vii)(A) above, in respect of any TARGET Business Day in respect 
of which an applicable €STR reference rate is required to be determined, such €STR 
reference rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise 
been published by the relevant authorised distributors, then the €STR reference rate 
in respect of such TARGET Business Day shall be the €STR reference rate for the 
first preceding TARGET Business Day in respect of which €STR reference rate was 
published by the European Central Bank on its website, as determined by the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.  
(C) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions of this Condition 4.2(b)(vii) but without prejudice to Condition 
4.2(j), the Rate of Interest shall be calculated in accordance, mutatis mutandis, with 
the provisions of Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(C). 
(viii) 
CMS Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes, Range Accrual and Dual Range 
Accrual Notes  
Where CMS Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which (I) the Rate of Interest or (II) the Range Accrual Reference Rate for

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
 
each Interest Period is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the following formula: 
CMS Reference Rate + Margin 
If the CMS Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the CMS 
Reference Banks to provide the Issuer with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate 
at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. 
If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Issuer with such quotation, 
the CMS Reference Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Issuer with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Reference Rate shall be determined by the Issuer in good faith 
on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Issuer in its absolute 
discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
In this Condition: 
CMS Reference Rate shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in 
the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the CMS Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
CMS Reference Banks means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the Eurozone inter-bank market, (ii) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading 
swap dealers in the London inter-bank market or (iii) where the Reference Currency 
is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap 
dealers in the New York City inter-bank market. 
CMS Screen Page means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, Reuters Screen 
ICESWAP2 (formerly ISDAFIX2) Page under the heading "EURIBOR BASIS – 
EUR" and above the caption "11:00 AM FRANKFURT" or its successor display 
page; (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, Reuters Screen ICESWAP4 
(formerly ISDAFIX4) Page or its successor display page; and (iii) where the 
Reference Currency is United States dollar, Reuters Screen ISDAFIX1 Page or its 
successor display page, in each case unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Designated Maturity shall have the meaning given to this term in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Interest Determination Date means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
second day on which T2 is open prior to the start of each Interest Period; (ii) where 
the Reference Currency is Sterling, the first day of each Interest Period; and (iii) where 
the Reference Currency is United States dollar, the day that is two U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first day of each Interest Period, in each case 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Margin shall have the meaning given to this term in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
 
Reference Currency means either Euro, Sterling or United States dollars, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Relevant Swap Rate means: 
(1) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating Euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on 
an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as 
defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions)) with 
a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; 
(2) 
where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap 
rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction with 
a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating 
leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, is 
equivalent to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a 
designated maturity of six months; 
(3) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollar, the mid-market semi-
annual swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of 
a fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate swap transaction with a 
term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating 
leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-
LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
of three months. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
Specified Time means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, 11.00 a.m., 
Frankfurt time; (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, 11.00 a.m. London 
time; and (iii) where the Reference Currency is United States dollar, 11.00 a.m., New 
York City time. 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which The Bond Market Association or its successor recommends 
that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(ix) 
CMS Formula Rate for Range Accrual and Dual Range Accrual Notes

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
Where CMS Formula Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Range Accrual Reference Rate for each Interest Period is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Reference Rate1 - CMS Reference Rate2 
CMS Reference Rate1 shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in 
the Reference Currency1 with a maturity of the Designated Maturity1, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the CMS Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
CMS Reference Rate2 shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in 
the Reference Currency2 with a maturity of the Designated Maturity2, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the CMS Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Designated Maturity1 shall have the meaning given to this term in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Designated Maturity2 shall have the meaning given to this term in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Reference Currency1 means either Euro, Sterling or United States dollars, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Currency2 means either Euro, Sterling or United States dollars, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest Accrual Period 
As used herein, an Interest Accrual Period means (i) each Interest Period and (ii) any other 
period (if any) in respect of which interest is to be calculated, being the period from (and 
including) the first day of such period to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (which, if the Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9, shall be the date on which the Notes become due and payable). 
(d) 
Interest on Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
The Interest Amount payable for each Interest Period for Inflation Linked Interest Notes will 
be calculated in accordance with Part 3 of Annex 2. 
(e) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.  
If the applicable Final Terms specify a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(f) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after each 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the 
Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such global Note 
(or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach 
the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
360
)]
D
-
(D
)]
M
-
(M
 x  
[30
 
  
)]
Y
-
(Y
 x 
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)]
D
-
(D
)]
M
-
(M
 x  
[30
 
  
)]
Y
-
(Y
 x 
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vi) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)]
D
-
(D
)]
M
-
(M
 x  
[30
 
  
)]
Y
-
(Y
 x 
[360
 
Fraction 
Count 
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
+
+
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vii) 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year. 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference 
to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a 
period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
 
(h) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
(A) 
Except where Overnight Rate is specified as being Applicable, subject to Condition 
4.2(j), the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment 
Date to be notified (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) to the Issuer 
and any stock exchange on which the relevant Notes to which this Condition 4.2 
applies are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than the fourth London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will promptly 
be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Notes to which this 
Condition 4.2 applies are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14.  For the purposes of this paragraph and paragraph (A) 
below, the expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business 
in London. 
(B) 
Where Overnight Rate is specified as being Applicable, subject to Condition 4.2(j), 
the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) to 
the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Notes to which this Condition 
4.2 applies are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the second London Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the Interest Accrual Period.  Any such amendment 
will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Notes to which 
this Condition 4.2 applies are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14.   
(i) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 4.2, whether by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the 
Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders 
and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, 
the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 4.2, if the Issuer, in consultation with 
the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), determines 
that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when the 
Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
 
(i) 
Independent Adviser  
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonably manner) a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) and any Benchmark Amendments 
(each as defined and as further described below) no later than 5 Business Days prior 
to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the 
IA Determination Cut-off Date) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next succeeding Interest Period and for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 4.2(j) during 
any other future Interest Period(s)).  
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 4.2(j)(iii)) subsequently be used in place 
of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation of this Condition 4.2(j)); 
or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
4.2(j)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent further 
operation of this Condition 4.2(j)).  
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread  
If the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines (i) that an Adjustment 
Spread (which for the avoidance of doubt may be positive, negative or zero) is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination 
of a Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), subject to the subsequent further 
operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 4.2(j) 4.2(g).  
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments  
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 4.2(j) and the Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions (including, without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day or 
Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 4.2(j)(iv), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice.  
At the request of the Issuer, the Agent, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent 
shall (at the Issuer's expense and direction), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer 
in effecting any Benchmark Amendments required to the Agency Agreement and 
these Conditions.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.2(j)(iv), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority 
on or by which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.2(j) no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread will be adopted, and no other amendments to 
the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 4.2(j), if and to the 
extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected 
to: 
(A) 
prejudice the qualification of MREL Eligible Senior Preferred Notes and/or 
Senior Non Preferred Notes as eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing 
capacity of the Issuer; or 
(B) 
result in the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority 
treating a future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, 
rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.  
The Issuer shall promptly notify the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments determined under Condition 4.2(j)(iv). Such notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.2(j), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
4.2(b)(i) will continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining 
the Rate of Interest (being the Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) has been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), any Adjustment Spread 
(if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with 
Condition 4.2(j)(v).  
(vii) 
Fallbacks  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, the 
Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision prior to the 
IA Determination Cut-off Date, the original benchmark or screen rate (as applicable)

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
 
will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such 
Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided 
elsewhere in these Conditions will continue to apply to such determination;  
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(j):  
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to 
the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or  
(b) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or 
in the case of an Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser acting in good 
faith determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary usage 
in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or  
(c) 
(if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged) the 
Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines to be appropriate;  
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser acting in good faith determines in accordance with Condition 4.2(j)(ii) has 
replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international 
debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent Adviser determines there is no such rate, 
such other rate as the Independent Adviser acting in good faith determines is most 
comparable to the relevant Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2(j)(iv);  
Benchmark Event means:  
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing permanently to be calculated, administered and 
published; or  
(b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease 
publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the date specified in (b)(i) above; or

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
 
(c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
(d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in 
(d)(i) above;  
(e) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a 
specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date 
referred to in (e)(i) above;  
(f) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original 
Reference Rate is or will, on or before a specified date, be no longer 
representative and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified 
in (f)(i) above; or  
(g) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful 
for any Paying Agent, the Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other 
party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or 
Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable);  
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. For the avoidance 
of doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.2(j) shall act 
in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4.2(j);  
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified Reference Rate, other than 
SARON Compounded, Compounded Daily SOFR or Weighted SOFR, used to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes;  
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate:  
(a) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution 
for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or 
other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution for the currency to which the Reference 
Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to 
adopt, by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4.3 
Interest on Range Accrual and Dual Range Accrual Notes 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Range Accrual and Dual Range Accrual 
The Interest Amount payable on each Fixed Rate Range Accrual Note and Fixed Rate Dual Range 
Accrual Note on each Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date shall be an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Determination Date in accordance with 
the following formula in respect of the Interest Period ending on or around such Interest Payment 
Date: 
Interest Amount = Specified Denomination × ቀFixed Rate × ቀ
Days Accrued
Actual Days ቁ× Day Count Fractionቁ 
(b) 
Floating Rate Range Accrual and Dual Range Accrual 
The Interest Amount payable on each Floating Rate Range Accrual Note Floating Rate Dual Range 
Accrual Note on each Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date shall be an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Determination Date in accordance with 
the following formula in respect of the Interest Period ending on or around such Interest Payment 
Date: 
Interest Amount = Specified Denomination × ቀFloating Rate × ቀ
Days Accrued
Actual Days ቁ× Day Count Fractionቁ 
(c) 
CMS Range Accrual 
The Interest Amount payable on each CMS Range Accrual Note on each Interest Payment Date up to 
(and including) the Maturity Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Determination Date in accordance with the following formula in respect of the Interest Period 
ending on or around such Interest Payment Date: 
Interest Amount = Specified Denomination × ቀFixed Rate or Floating Rate × ቀ
Days Accrued
Actual Days ቁ× Day Count Fractionቁ 
(d) 
Autoswitch 
In addition, when Autoswitch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if the 
Accumulated Interest Rate reaches the Target Rate, the Rate of Interest applicable on any succeeding 
Interest Payment Date shall be the Switch Rate. 
(e) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of Range Accrual Notes, the terms set out below have the following meanings: 
Accumulated Interest Rate means the sum of each Rate of Interest paid or payable, as the case may 
be) from (and including) the first Interest Payment Date to and including the next Interest Payment 
Date which has yet to occur.  
Actual Days means, in relation to each Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest 
Period. 
Cut-Off Date means the date 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date for the 
relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
 
Day Count Fraction means the day count fraction as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Days Accrued means, in relation to each Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest 
Period at which the Range Accrual Reference Rate is: 
(i) (a) equal or greater than the Lower Range and (b) equal or less than the Upper Range (in respect of 
Range Accrual Notes); or 
(ii) (a) equal or greater than the Lower Range1 and (b) equal or less than the Upper Range1; and (a) 
equal or greater than the Lower Range2 and (b) equal or less than the Upper Range2 (in respect of Dual 
Range Accrual Notes). 
Fixed Rate means the fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to any adjustment 
to the Fixed Rate for subsequent Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate means the floating rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to any 
adjustment to the Floating Rate for subsequent Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Interest Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date and each period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period End Date. 
Lower Range means the Lower Range as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to any 
adjustment to the Lower Range for subsequent Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Lower Range1 means the Lower Range1 as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to any 
adjustment to the Lower Range1 for subsequent Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Lower Range2 means the Lower Range2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to any 
adjustment to the Lower Range2 for subsequent Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Observation Date means each calendar day during the relevant Interest Period, provided that: 
(i) 
Prior to the Cut-Off Date, the Range Accrual Reference Rate for a calendar day, which is not 
a Business Day or a day on which the Range Accrual Reference Rate is otherwise capable of 
being determined, shall be deemed to be the Range Accrual Reference Rate as observed on 
the previous day that was a Business Day and a day on which the Range Accrual Reference 
Rate was capable of being determined; and 
(ii) 
The Range Accrual Reference Rate for the period after the Cut-Off Date through to the end of 
such Interest Period shall be deemed to be the Range Accrual Reference Rate as observed on 
the Cut-Off Date for that Interest Period. 
Range Accrual Reference Rate means, for each Observation Date in the relevant Interest Period, 
such reference rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms, whereby such specified reference rate 
shall be determined (i) for a Fixed Rate Range Accrual Note, a Fixed Rate Dual Range Accrual Note, 
Floating Rate Range Accrual Note or a Floating Rate Dual Range Accrual Note by the Calculation 
Agent according to Condition 4.2(b)(i) or (ii) for a CMS Range Accrual Note according to Condition 
4.2(b)(vii)(C).

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
 
Switch Rate means the percentage rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Target Rate means the percentage rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upper Range means the Upper Range as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to any 
adjustment to the Upper Range for subsequent Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Upper Range1 means the Upper Range1 as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to any 
adjustment to the Upper Range1 for subsequent Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Upper Range2 means the Upper Range2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to any 
adjustment to the Upper Range2 for subsequent Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
4.4 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes, Range Accrual or Dual Range Accrual 
Notes where the applicable Pricing Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination or CMS 
Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest or determination of the Range Accrual 
Reference Rate, if the Reference Rate or the Range Accrual Reference Rate from time to time is 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than EURIBOR, SARON Compounded, 
Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR, Weighted Average SOFR, Compounded 
Daily €STR or CMS Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest or the Range Accrual Reference Rate in 
respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate Notes, 
Floating Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Interest Notes, Range Accrual or Dual Range Accrual Notes 
shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, provided that where 
such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of Condition 4.2 shall, save to the extent 
amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate 
Notes and to the Agent were references to Index Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, 
respectively, and provided further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), interest 
will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as specified in 
the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
4.5 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by 
the Agent and notice to that effect has been given in accordance with Condition 14, 
Provided that in the case of Credit Linked Notes, other than Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, if

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
 
(a) 
“Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Note shall cease to bear interest from the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Credit Event Determination Date, or if the Credit Event Determination Date is 
an Interest Payment Date such Interest Payment Date or, if the Credit Event Determination 
Date falls prior to the first Interest Payment Date, no interest shall accrue on the Notes; or 
(b) 
“Accrual of Interest upon Credit Event” is specified as being Applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Note shall cease to bear interest from the Credit Event Determination Date 
and the relevant Interest Period shall end on but exclude the Credit Event Determination Date. 
In this case, the relevant interest amount shall be payable on, unless otherwise stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Credit Event Redemption Date.  
5. 
Payments 
5.1 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by transfer to an account in 
the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); 
(b) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account 
to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
(c) 
References to Specified Currency will include any successor currency under applicable law. 
5.2 
Payments subject to fiscal and other laws 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approval thereto, and (iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the 
Code (871(m) Withholding). In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed 
with respect to any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any 
"dividend equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate 
applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding 
otherwise available under applicable law. 
Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be 
calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70%.  In 
such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the 
Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 
871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional 
amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
5.3 
Presentation of Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against surrender of definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
 
against surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America and its 
possessions). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form and save as provided in Condition 5.4 should be presented for 
payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this 
purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the 
amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) 
will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid 
in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before 
the expiry of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7) in respect of such principal 
(whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five 
years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Range Accrual Note, Dual Range Accrual Note or 
Inflation Linked Interest Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and 
Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the 
case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the due date for redemption shall be 
payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Note (against presentation or surrender (as the 
case may be) of such global Note if the global Note is not intended to be issued in new global note 
(NGN) form) at the specified office of any Paying Agent.  On the occasion of each payment, (a) in the 
case of any global Note which is not issued in NGN form, a record of such payment made on such 
global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be 
made on such global Note by the Agent, and (b) in the case of any global Note which is a NGN, the 
Agent shall instruct Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to make appropriate entries in their 
records to reflect such payment. 
5.4 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 5.1 above 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Payment of the final instalment 
will be made in the manner provided in Condition 5.1 above only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with 
the preceding paragraph.  Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment 
together with the definitive Note to which it appertains.  Receipts presented without the definitive Note 
to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer.  Upon the date on which any 
definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
 
Upon the date on which any Index Linked Interest Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any amount of principal and/or interest in respect of the Notes is 
payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in respect of the Notes 
will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences for the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  
For these purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is New Zealand dollars shall be Auckland) or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in Euro, a day on which T2 is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7;

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 7. 
5.7 
Physical Delivery Notes 
(a) 
Physical Delivery 
(i) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In relation to Physical Delivery Notes, in order to obtain delivery of the Asset Amount(s) in 
respect of any Note: 
(A) 
if such Note is represented by a Global Note, the relevant Noteholder must deliver to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) (each a relevant Clearing 
System), with a copy to the Issuer not later than the close of business in each place of 
reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice; and 
(B) 
if such Note is in definitive form, the relevant Noteholder must deliver to any Paying 
Agent with a copy to the Issuer not later than the close of business in each place of 
reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Asset Amount means the amount of Relevant Asset relating to each Note as set out in the 
Final Terms; 
Asset Transfer Notice means asset transfer notice in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement duly completed in accordance with the provisions of this Condition; 
Cut-Off Date means the date falling three Business Days prior to the Delivery Date; and 
Relevant Asset means the asset defined as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Copies of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from the 
specified office of any Paying Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (a) if such Note is represented by a Global 
Note in such manner as is acceptable to the relevant Clearing System, or (b) if such Note is in 
definitive form, in writing together with the Note.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
I. 
specify the name and address of the relevant Noteholder and the person from whom 
the Issuer may obtain details for the delivery of the Asset Amount and any details 
required for delivery of the Asset Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
II. 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, specify the nominal amount of 
Notes which are the subject to such notice and the number of the Noteholder's account 
at the relevant Clearing System to be debited with such Notes and irrevocably instruct 
and authorise the relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, to debit the relevant 
Noteholder's account with such Notes on or before the Delivery Date; 
III. 
include an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses and, in the case of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, an authority to debit a specified account of the 
Noteholder at the relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, in respect thereof and 
to pay such Delivery Expenses; 
IV. 
specify an account to which dividends (if any) payable pursuant to this Condition 5.7 
or any other cash amounts specified in the applicable Final Terms are being payable 
are to be paid; 
V. 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a U.S. person (as defined in the 
Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is not being redeemed within the United States or on 
behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property have been or will be 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person 
in connection with any redemption thereof; 
VI. 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
For the purposes of this Condition, Delivery Expenses means all costs, taxes, duties and/or 
expenses, including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes 
arising from the delivery of the Asset Amount. 
(ii) 
Verification of the Holder 
Upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice the relevant Clearing System shall verify that the 
person delivering the Asset Transfer Notice is the holder of the Notes described therein 
according to its records.  Subject thereto, the relevant Clearing System will confirm to the 
Agent the series number and number of Notes the subject of such notice, the relevant account 
details and the details for the delivery of the Asset Amount relating to each Note.  Upon receipt 
of such confirmation, the Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. 
(iii) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Failure properly to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice may result in such notice 
being treated as null and void.  Any determination as to whether such notice has been properly 
completed and delivered as provided in these Conditions shall be made, in the case of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, by the relevant Clearing System, after consultation with the 
Issuer and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder and, in 
the case of Notes in definitive form, by the relevant Paying Agent after consultation with the 
Issuer, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder. 
If any Asset Transfer Notice deemed null and void in accordance with the foregoing paragraph 
is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing System in consultation

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
 
with the Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time 
such corrected Asset Transfer Notice was delivered to the relevant Clearing System (with a 
copy to the Agent). 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the relevant Clearing 
System or the Agent, as the case may be, as provided above.  After delivery of an Asset 
Transfer Notice, the relevant Noteholder may not transfer the Notes which are the subject of 
such notice. 
The Asset Amount will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholder, in the manner 
provided below on the Maturity Date (such date, subject to adjustment in accordance with this 
Condition, the Delivery Date), provided that the Asset Transfer Notice is duly delivered to 
the relevant Clearing System (with a copy to the Agent), as provided above on or prior to the 
Cut-Off Date. 
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein with a copy to the 
Agent, on or prior to the Cut-Off Date, then the Asset Amount will be delivered as soon as 
practicable after the Maturity Date, as defined in the Final Terms (in which case, such date of 
delivery shall be deemed the Delivery Date) at the risk of such Noteholder in the manner 
provided below.  In such circumstances the relevant Noteholder shall not be entitled to any 
payment, whether of interest or otherwise, and the Issuer shall have no liability whatsoever, 
as a result of the Delivery Date falling after the Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall, at the relevant Noteholder's risk, deliver or procure the delivery of the Asset 
Amount relating to each Note, pursuant to the details specified in the Asset Transfer Notice 
or in such commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent shall in its sole and 
absolute discretion determine and notify to the person designated by the Noteholder in the 
relevant Asset Transfer Notice.  No delivery of the Asset Amount shall be made until all 
Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer by the relevant Noteholder. 
(iv) 
General 
Notes held by the same Noteholder will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the 
aggregate Asset Amount in respect of such Notes, provided that, the aggregate Asset Amount 
in respect of the same Noteholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the 
Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine.  Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of 
the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and no cash adjustment will be 
made in respect thereof. 
Following the Delivery Date of a share certificate all dividends on the relevant shares to be 
delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend according to market 
practice for a sale of the shares executed on the Delivery Date and to be delivered in the same 
manner as such relevant Shares.  Any such dividends to be paid to a Noteholder will be paid 
to the account specified by the Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as referred to 
in Condition 5.7(a)(i). 
For such period of time after delivery of the Asset Amount as the Issuer or any person acting 
on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the legal owner of the securities comprising the 
Asset Amount (the Intervening Period), none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other person shall at any time (A) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to 
any Noteholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except as 
provided herein, payment whatsoever received by that person in respect of such securities or 
obligations, (B) be under any obligation to exercise or procure the exercise of any or all rights 
attaching to such securities or obligations or (C) be under any liability to a Noteholder in

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
 
respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder may sustain or suffer as a result, whether 
directly or indirectly, of that person being the legal owner during such Intervening Period of 
such securities or obligations. 
(v) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Asset Amount using the method of 
delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other commercially reasonable 
manner as the Calculation Agent has determined, is impracticable because a Settlement 
Disruption Event (as defined below) has occurred and is continuing on the Delivery Date, then 
it shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
and the Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first following Settlement Business Day in 
respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, provided that, the Issuer may 
elect in its sole and absolute discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note 
by delivering the Asset Amount using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may 
select and, in such event, the Delivery Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate 
(acting in a commercially reasonable manner).  Noteholders shall not be entitled to any 
payment, whether on account of interest or otherwise, and the Issuer shall have no liability 
whatsoever, as a result of the Delivery Date being postponed due to the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event. 
Where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Asset Amount, the Delivery Date for the Relevant Assets unaffected by the 
Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated Delivery Date.  For so long as 
delivery of part of the Asset Amount is impracticable by reason of a Settlement Disruption 
Event, then in lieu of physical delivery of the affected Relevant Asset(s), and notwithstanding 
any other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole and absolute discretion to satisfy 
its obligations in respect of the affected portion of the relevant Note(s) by paying the relevant 
Noteholder(s), the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the fifth 
Business Day following the date on which Noteholders are notified in accordance with 
Condition 14 of (A) such election having been made and (B) the manner in which the Issuer 
intends to pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount shall be, in respect of any Note, the fair market value 
of such Note (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but 
not all of the Relevant Assets included in the Asset Amount and such unaffected Relevant 
Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the value of such unaffected and delivered 
Relevant Assets), less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any related hedging arrangements, 
all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion; 
Settlement Business Day, in respect of each Note, has the meaning specified in the applicable 
Final Terms relating to such Note; and 
Settlement Disruption Event means an event that is beyond the control of the Issuer, 
including illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets as a result of which the Issuer cannot 
make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) using the method specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Variation of Settlement 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, elect 
(i) to deliver or procure delivery on the Maturity Date of the Asset Amount relating to each Note in 
lieu of its obligation to pay Noteholders the Early Redemption Amount or (ii) to pay Noteholders the

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date in lieu of its obligation to deliver or procure delivery of the 
Asset Amount. Notification of any such election will be given to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
(c) 
Rights of Noteholders and Calculations 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of the Paying Agents shall have any responsibility 
for any errors or omissions committed in connection with any of the calculations or determinations 
contemplated in this Condition 5. 
The purchase of Notes linked to one or more Relevant Assets does not confer on holders of such Notes 
any rights (whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) in connection with the applicable 
Relevant Asset(s). 
For the purposes of these Conditions, Redemption Amount means the Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
6.1 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note (including each 
Index Linked Redemption Note) will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if physical settlement is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final terms (each such Note a Physical Delivery Note) by delivery of the Entitlement (as 
provided in Condition 5.7 above) or determined in the manner specified in these Conditions in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Final Redemption Amount in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount shall be an amount equal to: 
(i) Calculation Amount x the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) the final payout 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as calculated in accordance with Annex 1 (Additional terms 
and conditions for SPS payouts of Notes) or Annex 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts), 
provided that, where the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, then the Final Redemption Amount shall be no less 
than par. 
If the Final Redemption is zero, no amount shall be payable on final redemption of the Note. 
The Entitlement shall be the quantity of the Relevant Asset(s) equal to the Entitlement Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.6 below in case the Notes are MREL Notes or subject to Condition 6.11 below 
in case the Notes are Subordinated Notes, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation Linked 
Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation 
Linked Interest Note), on giving not less than the minimum period and not nor more than the maximum 
period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if:

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Luxembourg or any political subdivision or 
any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or 
official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes and, where the Notes are 
specified as Subordinated Notes in the applicable Final Terms, which change the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Regulator was material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date of the last Tranche of the Notes (a Change in Law) and in all 
cases such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it; or 
(b) 
where the Notes are specified as Subordinated Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
would, as a result of any Change in Law, not be entitled to claim a deduction in respect of any 
payments in computing its taxation liabilities or the amount of the deduction would be 
materially reduced,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or would not be entitled to claim 
a deduction were a payment in respect of the Notes then due.  Prior to the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent to make available at its 
specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by two Members of the Executive Committee 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement 
of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, 
and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.8 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued (but unpaid) to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 6.3 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Issuer (other than pursuant to Condition 6.2 or 6.5), such option being referred to as an 
Issuer Call.  The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must 
be read in conjunction with this Condition 6.3 for full information on any Issuer Call.  In particular, 
the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption 
Amount, any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable 
notice periods. 
If Issuer Call is specified as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms and subject to Condition 
6.6 below in case the Notes are MREL Notes or subject to Condition 6.11 below in case the Notes are 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem all or, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued (but unpaid) to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date (including, if the Notes are specified as Subordinated Notes in 
the applicable Final Terms, any accrued but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption).  Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount or not 
more than a Maximum Redemption Amount (in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms).

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (and if the global Note is intended to be issued in NGN form to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, 
at their discretion).  In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption.   
6.4 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) (not applicable to MREL Notes or 
Subordinated Notes) 
This Condition 6.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put.  The applicable Final Terms 
contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
6.4 for full information on any Investor Put.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the 
Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. 
If the Notes are specified as Senior Notes in the applicable Final Terms and if Investor Put is specified 
as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 14 not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, 
redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole 
(but not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued (but unpaid) to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
If this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise 
the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must deliver such Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent 
falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the 
form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put 
Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under 
this Condition and the Put Notice must be accompanied by, if this Note is in definitive form, this Note 
or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the 
Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being 
given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or, as 
the case may be, common safekeeper for them to the Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented by a 
global Note which has not been issued in NGN form, at the same time present or procure the 
presentation of the relevant global Note to the Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this paragraph and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 9.

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
 
6.5 
Redemption upon the Occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 6.5 applies only in the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
MREL Notes and where this Condition 6.5 is specified as being Applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Upon the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, subject to this Condition 6.5 
elect to redeem all, but not some only, of the MREL Notes at their principal amount (or at such other 
amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), together with any accrued and unpaid 
interest (if any) thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption by giving notice to the Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable): 
(i) 
in the case of all MREL Notes other than MREL Notes that are Floating Rate Notes or Index 
Linked Redemption Notes, at any time within the period of not less than 30 nor more than 45 
days from the date such notice; or 
(ii) 
in the case of MREL Notes that are Floating Rate Notes or Index Linked Redemption Notes, 
(A) on any Interest Payment Date falling within the period of not less than 30 nor more than 
45 days from the date of such notice or (B) if there is no Interest Payment Date falling within 
(A) above, on the first Interest Payment Date to occur after the expiry of 45 days from such 
notice. 
6.6 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase prior to Final Redemption 
If the Notes are specified as MREL Notes in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
any redemption or purchase of the MREL Notes in accordance with Conditions 6.2, 6.3, 6.5 
and 6.10 is subject to such redemption or purchase being permitted by applicable MREL 
Regulations (notably articles 77 and 78a of the CRD IV Regulation) and subject to the Issuer 
obtaining Supervisory Permission therefor, if required; and 
(b) 
prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 6.5, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the relevant 
circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem is satisfied. 
6.7 
Capital Event Redemption 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, subject 
to Condition 6.11, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation 
Linked Interest Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation Linked 
Interest Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (which, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, shall be as provided 
in Condition 6.8(c) below) (together with any accrued but unpaid interest to the date fixed for 
redemption) if, there is a change (or a pending change which the Regulator considers to be sufficiently 
certain) in the regulatory classification of the Notes that occurs on or after the Issue Date that the Issuer 
demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Regulator was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date, 
that would be likely to result in the exclusion of the Notes from own funds or their reclassification as 
a lower quality form of own funds (a Capital Event). Before the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to a Capital Event, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a certificate signed by 
two Directors of the Issuer stating that a Capital Event has occurred and the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
 
6.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
Unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, for the purpose of Condition 6.2 above and 
Condition 9 the Notes will be redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price of the first 
Tranche of the Series, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which 
is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price of the first Tranche of the Series, at the amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the 
Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(c) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
y
AY)
(1
 x 
RP
 
Amount 
 
Redemption
Early 
+
=
 
where: 
RP means the Reference Price; 
AY means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either 
(i) 30/360 (in which case) the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365), 
(d) 
If “Fair Market Value less Costs” is specified as the Early Redemption Amount in the 
applicable Final Terms then an amount per Calculation Amount of the Notes equal to the fair 
market value of such amount of the Notes less an amount equal to such Notes' pro rata share 
of the total amount of any and all costs associated or incurred by the Issuer and/or any affiliate 
in connection with the early redemption, including, without limitation, any costs associated 
with unwinding, substituting, settling, re-establishing and/or incurring any funding relating to 
the Notes and/or any costs associated with unwinding, substituting, settling, re-establishing 
and/or incurring any hedge or related trading positions relating to the Notes, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, provided that the Calculation Agent will take into account the 
interest element of the Notes in determining the relevant fair market value unless a separate 
amount of accrued interest is payable together with the Early Redemption Amount in which 
case the Calculation Agent will not take into account the interest element of the Notes. 
provided that, where the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, then the Early Redemption Amount shall be no 
less than par.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
 
6.9 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
For the purposes of Condition 6.2, Index Linked Interest Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest 
Payment Date. 
If the Notes are repayable in instalments, they will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the 
Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  In the case of early redemption, the 
Early Redemption Amount of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.  If the Notes are Partly Paid Notes, they will be redeemed, whether at 
maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.  
6.10 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 6.6 above in case the Notes are MREL Notes or subject to Condition 6.11 below 
in case the Notes are Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise.  Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, 
at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.11 
Redemption or Purchase of Subordinated Notes  
(a) 
Redemption or purchase prior to maturity 
Subordinated Notes may not be redeemed prior to their stated maturity date (if any) pursuant to 
Conditions 6.2, 6.3 and 6.7, or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries 
pursuant to Condition 6.10, without the prior consent of the Regulator and subject to compliance with 
Regulatory Procedures (in each case, if and to the extent so required by the Applicable Banking 
Regulations). 
(b) 
Redemption at maturity 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at maturity (which cannot be less than five years) without the 
prior approval of the Regulator. 
6.12 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption).  All Notes so cancelled 
and Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph 6.11 above (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or 
resold. 
6.13 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to paragraph 6.1, 6.2, 6.3 or 6.4 above or upon its becoming due and repayable as 
provided in Condition 9 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.8(c) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by 
the Agent and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders either in accordance with 
Condition 14 or individually. 
6.14 
Defined Terms 
In these Conditions, 
Applicable Banking Regulation means the CRD IV Regulation, the CRD IV Directive, the Financial 
Sector Law, the Resolution Law, the CSSF Regulation N°18-03 on the implementation of certain 
discretions of the CRD IV Regulation, any laws, regulations or acts implementing CRD IV and, at any 
time, the laws, regulations, circular letters and other requirements, standards, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy for credit institutions of either (i) the Regulator and/or (ii) any other 
national or European authority, in each case then in effect in Luxembourg (or in such other jurisdiction 
in which the Issuer may have its home member state as defined in the CRD IV Regulation, the CRD 
IV Directive and the Financial Sector Law (Home Member State)) and applicable to the Issuer. 
BRRD means Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or such other directive as may come into effect 
in place thereof, as implemented in Luxembourg and as amended or replaced from time to time and 
including any other relevant implementing regulatory provisions. 
BRRD Amending Directive means Directive 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments in insolvency hierarchy. 
CRD IV means the legislative package consisting of the CRD IV Directive and the CRD IV 
Regulation. 
CRD IV Directive means Directive 2013/36/EU on access to the activity of credit institutions and the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013, as the same may be amended or replaced from time to time, including, 
without limitation, by Directive (EU) 2019/878. 
CRD IV Regulation means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as 
the same may be amended or replaced from time to time. 
Financial Sector Law means the Luxembourg law of 5 April 1993 on the financial sector, as amended. 
Group means consolidated group of which the Issuer is the parent entity. 
MREL Disqualification Event means at any time in respect of a Series of MREL Notes, that all or 
part of the outstanding principal amount of such Series of MREL Notes does not fully qualify as 
MREL Eligible Instruments of the Issuer, except where such non-qualification (i) was reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date or (ii) is due solely to the remaining maturity of such Series of MREL 
Notes being less than any period prescribed for by the applicable MREL Regulations. 
MREL Eligible Instrument means an instrument that is an eligible liability instrument to be counted 
towards the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer in accordance 
with the applicable MREL Regulations.  
MREL Eligible Senior Preferred Note means a Senior Preferred Note qualifying as an MREL 
Eligible Instrument.

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
 
MREL Notes means MREL Eligible Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non Preferred Notes. 
MREL Regulations means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
then in effect in Luxembourg giving effect to the "minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities" (MREL) applicable to banking institutions or any successor laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies that may be applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group, including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD IV, the BRRD and/or the BRRD Amending 
Directive (whether or not such laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines or policies have the force 
of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and/or the Group). 
own funds has the meaning given to it in the CRD IV Regulation. 
Regulator means the European Central Bank, the European Banking Authority, the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) or such other authority which assumes or performs the 
functions, as at the Issue Date, performed by such authority or such other or successor authority 
exercising primary supervisory authority with respect to prudential matters in relation to the Issuer. 
Regulatory Procedures means in respect of any redemption or purchase of the Notes: 
(a) 
on or before such redemption or purchase of the Notes, the Issuer replaces the Notes with own 
funds instruments of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulator that the own funds of the Issuer 
would, following such redemption or purchase, exceed its minimum capital requirements 
(including any capital buffer requirements) as set out in CRD IV by a margin that the 
Regulator may consider necessary on the basis set out in CRD IV for it to determine the 
appropriate level of capital of an institution. 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to 
the SRM Regulation and the CSSF, acting as resolution board, and/or any other authority lawfully 
entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to time. 
Resolution Law means the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 on the default of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms, as amended. 
Supervisory Permission means, in relation to any action, such supervisory permission (or, as 
appropriate, waiver) from the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority as is 
required therefor under applicable MREL Regulations (if any). 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal (in case of Senior Notes only) and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts 
or Coupons by the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Luxembourg 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts receivable by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal (in case 
of Senior Notes only) and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder who 
(i) is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
 
his having some connection with Luxembourg other than the mere holding of such Note, 
Receipt or Coupon or (ii) would not be liable or subject to such taxes or duties by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority; 
or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such 30th day; or 
(c) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to (i) Section 871(m) of the Code or (ii) 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder or any 
official interpretations thereof. 
As used herein, the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
8. 
Prescription 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless presented for payment within a period of 
ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 7) therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 5.3 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 5.3. 
9. 
Events of Default and Enforcement 
9.1 
Provisions relating to Senior Notes 
(a) 
Senior Preferred Notes (not applicable to MREL Eligible Senior Preferred Notes) 
If the Notes are specified as Senior Preferred Notes (other than MREL Eligible Senior Preferred Notes) 
in the applicable Final Terms and if any one or more of the following events (each an Event of 
Default) shall occur: 
(i) 
default is made for more than seven days in the payment of any principal due under the Notes 
or any of them or for more than 14 days in the payment of any interest due under the Notes or 
any of them; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Terms and 
Conditions and (except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no 
continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for 
the period of 30 days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice 
requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the dissolution (dissolution) 
and liquidation (liquidation) of the Issuer, save for the purposes of merger or reorganisation 
on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer ceases or threatens to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, 
save for the purposes of merger or reorganisation on terms previously approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, or the Issuer stops or threatens to stop payment

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
 
of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall 
due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, 
or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(v) 
the Issuer becomes insolvent within the meaning of Luxembourg bankruptcy law or applies 
for or consents to or suffers the appointment of a liquidator (liquidateur), an administrator in 
a regime of reprieve from payment (administrateur) of the Issuer or of the whole or a 
substantial part of the undertaking, property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or initiates 
proceedings under any applicable laws for a readjustment or deferral of its obligations or any 
substantial part thereof or makes or enters into a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or any court order is rendered or an effective 
voluntary resolution is passed for the dissolution (dissolution) and liquidation (liquidation) of 
the Issuer or to admit the Issuer to a regime of reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement); 
then any Noteholder may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Agent, effective 
upon the date of receipt thereof by the Agent, declare the Note held by the holder to be forthwith due 
and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption 
Amount (as described in Condition 6.8), together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentation, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
(b) 
MREL Notes only 
This Condition 9.1(b) shall apply in relation to the Notes that are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being MREL Notes. 
Save as provided below, there are no events of default under the MREL Notes which could lead to an 
acceleration of the MREL Notes. 
(i) 
Liquidation: If any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the 
Liquidation of the Issuer and such order is continuing, then any Notes may, unless there has 
been a resolution to the contrary at a Masse Meeting, by written notice addressed by the 
Noteholder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon the Early Redemption 
Amount of such Note together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment shall 
become immediately due and payable. 
(ii) 
Non-Payment: If default is made in the payment of any interest or principal due in respect of 
the Notes and such default continues for a period of 7 days or more after the due date then any 
Noteholder may ask the relevant authorities to institute Liquidation or reprieve from payment 
(sursis de paiement) proceedings in Luxembourg (but not elsewhere) in accordance with Part 
II of the Resolution Law in respect of the Issuer (together the Non-Payment Proceedings). 
Although the relevant authorities may take into account a request from a Noteholder to 
institute the Non-Payment Proceedings, they are not in any way bound to do so following the 
receipt of such a request or on any other basis. In determining whether to institute any such 
Non-Payment Proceedings against the Issuer, the relevant authorities will act solely on the 
basis of their own discretion and in accordance with Luxembourg law. Without prejudice to 
such request from a Noteholder as described in this Condition 9.1(b)(ii), a Noteholder shall 
not be able to take proceedings for the Liquidation of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Breach of Other Obligations: To the extent permitted by applicable law and by these 
Conditions, a Noteholder may at its discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as 
it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, undertaking or provision binding on the 
Issuer under the Notes (other than any payment obligation of the Issuer under or arising from 
the Notes, including, without limitation, payment of any principal or interest); provided 
always that such Noteholder shall not enforce, and shall not be entitled to enforce or otherwise

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
 
claim, against the Issuer any judgment or other award given in such proceedings that requires 
the payment of money by the Issuer, whether by way of damages or otherwise, except by 
proving in the relevant Non-Payment Proceedings. 
(iv) 
Waiver: The Noteholders expressly unconditionally and irrevocably waive all rights of 
rescission under article 1184 of the Luxembourg Civil Code and under article 470-21 of the 
Companies Act 1915 and, subject to Conditions 9.1(b)(i),(ii) and (iii) above, of otherwise 
claiming early termination or early repayment of the Notes in case of default by the Issuer 
under any of its obligations under the Notes. 
9.2 
Provisions relating to Subordinated Notes 
(a) 
If the Notes are specified as Subordinated Notes in the applicable Final Terms and if: 
(i) 
Liquidation 
a judgment is made or an effective resolution is passed for the Liquidation of the Issuer in 
Luxembourg (or such other jurisdiction in which the Issuer may be organised), save for the 
purposes of a merger or reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders, the holder of any Note may give written notice to the Agent at 
its specified office that such Note is due and payable, whereupon the same shall become 
forthwith due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6.8), 
together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment without presentation, demand, 
protest or other notice of any kind; or 
(ii) 
Non Payment 
default is made for more than seven days in the payment of any principal due under the Notes 
or any of them, or for more than 14 days in the payment of any interest due under the Notes 
or any of them,  
any Noteholder may ask the relevant authorities to institute proceedings in Luxembourg (but not 
elsewhere) in accordance with Part III of the Resolution Law for the Liquidation of the Issuer. 
Although the relevant authorities may take into account a request from a Noteholder to institute 
proceedings in Luxembourg for the Liquidation of the Issuer, they are not in any way bound to do so 
following the receipt of such a request or on any other basis.  In determining whether to institute any 
such proceedings against the Issuer, the relevant authorities will act solely on the basis of their own 
discretion and in accordance with Luxembourg law.  Subject to such request from a Noteholder as 
described in this Condition 9.2(a)(ii), a Noteholder shall not be able to take proceedings for the 
Liquidation of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations 
To the extent permitted by applicable law and by these Conditions, a Noteholder may at its discretion 
institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, 
undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes or the Coupons (other than any payment 
obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Notes or the Coupons, including, without limitation, 
payment of any principal or interest; provided always that such Noteholder shall not enforce, and shall 
not be entitled to enforce or otherwise claim, against the Issuer any judgment or other award given in 
such proceedings that requires the payment of money by the Issuer, whether by way of damages or 
otherwise, except by proving in a Liquidation of the Issuer). 
(c) 
Other Remedies

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
 
No remedy against the Issuer, other than the institution of the proceedings referred to in Condition 
9.2(a)(ii) or (b) and the proving or claiming in any Liquidation of the Issuer, shall be available to the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders whether for the recovering of amounts owing in respect of the Notes 
or the Coupons or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any other obligation, condition or provision 
binding on it under the Notes or the Coupons. 
10. 
Substitution and Variation  
(a) 
Substitution and Variation - MREL Notes only 
This Condition 10(a) applies in the case of Notes specified as being MREL Notes (that is, MREL 
Eligible Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non Preferred Notes) in the applicable Final Terms.  
It is the intention of the Issuer that the MREL Notes shall be treated for regulatory purposes as MREL 
Eligible Instruments under the applicable MREL Regulations.  
If an MREL Eligibility Event, an Alignment Event or Tax Event occurs and is continuing, the Issuer 
may, at its option, substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant MREL Notes or vary the terms and 
conditions of all (but not some only) of the relevant MREL Notes, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they are substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain, 
Qualifying Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 and the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for substitution or, as applicable, variation), and subject 
to obtaining Supervisory Permission, if required. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation 
shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and 
conditions of the relevant MREL Notes. Such substitution or variation will be effected without any 
cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any relevant MREL Notes, 
expressly accept that they will be deemed to approve and accept the substitution or variation of the 
terms of the relevant MREL Notes and to grant to the Issuer full power and authority to take any action 
and/or to execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on behalf of the Noteholders which is 
necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation of the terms of the relevant MREL 
Notes, as applicable. 
(b) 
Substitution and Variation – MREL Eligible Senior Non Preferred Notes only 
This Condition 10(b) applies in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes specified as being MREL 
Notes in the applicable Final Terms.  
It is the intention of the Issuer that MREL Eligible Senior Non Preferred Notes shall be treated for 
rating purposes as ALAC Eligible Instruments under the Rating Methodology. 
If a Rating Methodology Event occurs and is continuing, the Issuer may, at its option, substitute all 
(but not some only) of the relevant MREL Eligible Senior Non Preferred Notes or vary the terms and 
conditions of all (but not some only) of the MREL Eligible Senior Non Preferred Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so that they are substituted for, or varied 
to, become, or remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 and the Fiscal Agent and the Paying 
Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for substitution or, as applicable, 
variation), and subject to obtaining Supervisory Permission, if required.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or variation 
shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and 
conditions of the relevant MREL Eligible Senior Non Preferred Notes. Such substitution or variation 
will be effected without any cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any relevant MREL Eligible 
Senior Non Preferred Notes, expressly accept that they will be deemed to approve and accept the 
substitution or variation of the terms of the relevant MREL Eligible Senior Non Preferred Notes and 
to grant to the Issuer full power and authority to take any action and/or to execute and deliver any 
document in the name and/or on behalf of the Noteholders which is necessary or convenient to 
complete the substitution or variation of the terms of the relevant MREL Eligible Senior Non Preferred 
Notes, as applicable. 
(c) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
ALAC means additional loss-absorbing capacity (or such similar nomenclature used by S&P from 
time to time). 
ALAC Eligible Instrument means an instrument that is an eligible instrument according to the ALAC 
criteria under the Rating Methodology to reflect a commensurate reduction in the default risk of the 
senior unsecured obligations (within the meaning of the Rating Methodology) of the Issuer, in 
accordance with the Rating Methodology. 
An Alignment Event is deemed to have occurred if, following the adoption, modification or 
implementation of the applicable MREL Regulations, at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer would 
be able to issue an MREL Eligible Instrument that contains one or more provisions that are, in the 
reasonable opinion of the Issuer, different in any material respect from the provisions of the relevant 
MREL Notes. 
MREL Eligibility Event means at any time, on or following the Issue Date, there is a change in the 
regulatory treatment of the relevant MREL Notes as a result of (i) a change of laws, (ii) new laws or 
regulations coming into effect, or (iii) a change in the interpretation or administrative practice by the 
applicable regulator, that results in, or will result in, all or part of the outstanding principal amount of 
the relevant MREL Notes not qualifying in full as eligible for the purposes of the minimum 
requirement of eligible liabilities referred to in the BRRD and relevant implementing legislation in 
Luxembourg (if applicable) of the Issuer. 
Qualifying Notes means, at any time, any securities issued directly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards the 
fulfilment of the MREL requirement of the Issuer or the ALAC of the Issuer, in each case, to 
at least the same extent as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or variation; 
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant Notes prior to the relevant substitution or 
variation pursuant to this Condition 10; 
(iii) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the relevant Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 10; 
(iv) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the relevant Notes 
prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 10; 
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant Notes;

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
 
(vi) 
are not, immediately following such substitution or variation, subject to an MREL Eligibility 
Event, a Rating Methodology Event, an Alignment Event and/or a Tax Event; 
(vii) 
have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of the 
relevant Notes, as reasonably determined by the Issuer; and 
(viii) 
are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange (including, without limitation, 
a regulated market), as selected by the Issuer, if (A) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation 
pursuant to this Condition 10 or (B) the relevant Notes were listed or admitted to trading on a 
recognised stock exchange other than a regulated market immediately prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to this Condition 10. 
Rating Methodology means, at any time, any relevant methodology of S&P (or the interpretation of 
such methodology) to determine if the relevant MREL Eligible Senior Non Preferred Notes are eligible 
for the purposes of the ALAC criteria assigned by S&P. 
Rating Methodology Event means, at any time, on or after the Issue Date, there is a change in, 
clarification to or amendment of any relevant methodology of S&P (or in the interpretation of such 
methodology) as a result of which the ALAC assigned to the relevant MREL Eligible Senior Non 
Preferred Notes by S&P is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, reduced in full. 
S&P means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, France Branch. 
A Tax Event is deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a Change in Law: 
(i) 
in making any payments on the relevant MREL Notes, the Issuer has paid or will or would on 
the next payment date be required to pay additional amounts; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is no longer entitled to claim a deduction in respect of any payments in respect of 
the relevant MREL Notes in computing its taxation liabilities or the amount of such deduction 
is materially reduced. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable law, at the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg upon 
payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and 
on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent, the initial Issuing Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their 
initial specified offices are set out below.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection 
with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or the Issuing Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Issuing Agents, as the case may be, and/or approve 
any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange;

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
 
(b) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city in continental Europe, 
other than the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be an Agent and an Issuing Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5.4.  Notice of any variation, 
termination, appointment or change given to the Noteholders promptly in accordance with Condition 
14. 
13. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date, on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Agent, the Issuing Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 8.  Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised 
in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
14. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be published for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, 
and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg and/or on Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website at www.luxse.com.  It is 
expected that such publication will be made in the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg.  Notices shall 
also be published in the Recueil électronique des sociétés et associations (the RESA), to the extent 
required by Luxembourg law.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner 
which complies with the rules and regulations of any other stock exchange on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed.  
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in 
addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange 
so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by the rules of that stock exchange.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the holders of the Notes on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any of the Notes is represented by a 
global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent via Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
15.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
Noteholders will belong to a masse (the Masse) created, among other things, for the representation of 
their common interests pursuant to the provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies Act 
1915.  The following is a summary of the relevant provisions of the Companies Act 1915.  The Issuer

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
 
when the Notes are issued, a general meeting of the Noteholders (the Masse Meeting) after the 
issuance of the Notes or a court order if necessary may appoint and determine the powers of one or 
more representatives (the Representatives).  Where Representatives have been appointed, 
Noteholders may no longer individually exercise their rights against the Issuer.  A Masse Meeting may 
be called at any time by the Representatives (if any), the Board of Directors of the Issuer or the auditors 
of the Issuer.  The Representatives, provided an advance on expenses has been paid to them by the 
Issuer, or the Board of Directors or the auditors of the Issuer must convene the Masse Meeting if called 
upon to do so by holders of Notes representing five per cent. or more of the Notes outstanding.  
Meetings of Noteholders will be convened by notices published at least fifteen days prior to the 
meeting in the RESA and in one Luxembourg newspaper.  All Masse Meetings shall be held at the 
place specified in the notice calling the meeting.  All Noteholders have the right to attend and vote at 
the Masse Meeting either personally or by proxy.  The voting rights attached to the Notes are equal to 
the proportion of the principal amount of the Notes represented by the principal amount of the Note 
or Notes held by the relevant holder.  Each Note gives the right to at least one vote.  A Masse Meeting 
may be called to approve certain changes in the rights of the Noteholders and may, generally, 
determine any measures designed to ensure the defence of interests or the exercise of the rights of the 
Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1915.  A Masse Meeting may 
deliberate validly without a quorum and by vote of a simple majority of Noteholders attending or 
represented at such Masse Meeting on the appointment and revocation of the Representatives, the 
revocation of special representatives appointed by the Issuer and the approval of any measures of a 
conservatory nature in the general interests of the Noteholders.  On all other matters (except in respect 
of certain matters, where unanimous consent is required) the Masse Meeting may deliberate validly 
on first convocation only if Noteholders present or represented hold at least 50% of the Notes then 
outstanding.  The Board of Directors of the Issuer or Noteholders representing 10% of the Notes then 
outstanding may require the adjournment of the meeting for four weeks.  A new meeting must be 
called for by convening notices to be published at least fifteen days prior to the second meeting in one 
Luxembourg newspapers and in the RESA.  On second convocation no quorum is required (except in 
respect of certain matters, where unanimous consent is required).  Decisions at such meetings shall be 
taken by a majority of 662/3% of the votes cast by Noteholders attending such meetings or represented 
thereat. 
15.2 
Minor Modifications and Corrections 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which is not 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification as a result of the operation of Condition 4.2(j);  
(c) 
any modification of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law.  Any such modification, waiver or authorisation shall be binding 
on the Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and shall be notified to the 
Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter; or 
(d) 
any modification to the Agency Agreement and/or these Conditions as may be required in 
order to give effect to (i) Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(E) in connection with effecting the 
implementation of any Replacement Rate; or (ii) sub-paragraph (iii)(x) or (iii)(y) of the 
definition of “SARON” in connection with effecting the implementation of any 
Recommended Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate, subject to the provisions thereof.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders 
or Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes. 
17. 
Substitution of Debtor 
Subject to the provisions of this Condition, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders, by subscribing to or purchasing any of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, expressly 
consent to the Issuer, or any previously substituted company, at any time, but where applicable with 
the prior authorisation of the Regulator, substituting for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the 
Receipts or the Coupons any company in which the Issuer holds whether directly or indirectly in excess 
of a majority of the voting rights (the Substituted Debtor), whether or not incorporated in 
Luxembourg, provided that no payment in respect of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons is at the 
relevant time overdue, no steps have been taken to admit the Issuer to a regime of reprieve from 
payment (sursis de paiement) and no judgment has been rendered or effective voluntary resolution has 
been passed for the Liquidation of the Issuer.  Such substitution effected in accordance with this 
Condition will release the Issuer or any previously substituted company and the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and Couponholders expressly consent hereto on the terms of set out below: 
The substitution will be made by a written undertaking (the Undertaking) and may take place only if: 
(a) 
the Substituted Debtor, by means of the Undertaking, agrees to indemnify each Noteholder, 
Receiptholder and Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment, withholding, deduction or 
governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by any taxing authority in or of) the 
jurisdiction of the country of the Substituted Debtor's residence for tax purposes and, if 
different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon (if any) and 
which would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against 
any tax, duty assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the 
substitution; 
(b) 
unless the Substituted Debtor is the successor company of the Issuer or one or more companies 
to whom the Issuer has transferred all of its assets and business undertakings each of whom 
are to be jointly and severally liable as principal debtor, the obligations of the Substituted 
Debtor under the Undertaking, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are unconditionally 
and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer (the Guarantor) by means of a guarantee contained 
in the Undertaking (the Guarantee); 
(c) 
all action, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the Undertaking, the Notes, the Receipts, 
the Coupons and the Talons (if any) represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substituted Debtor and, in the case of the Guarantee of the Guarantor have 
been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; 
(d) 
the Substituted Debtor has become party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it; 
(e) 
legal opinions addressed to the Noteholders have been delivered to them (care of the Agent) 
from a lawyer or firm of lawyers with a leading securities practice in each jurisdiction referred 
to in (a) above as to the fulfilment of the preceding conditions of this Condition 17 and the 
other matters specified in the Undertaking;

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
 
(f) 
the substitution does not affect adversely the rating of the Notes by Moody's Investors Service 
Limited and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a Division of the McGraw Hill Companies, 
Inc. or, if any such rating agency does not exist at the relevant time, any two existing 
internationally recognised rating agencies; and 
(g) 
the Issuer has given at least 14 days' prior notice to such substitution to the Noteholders, stating 
that copies of all documents (in draft or final form) in relation to the substitution which are 
referred to above, or which might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to 
Noteholders, will be available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents. 
(h) 
References in Condition 9 to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include 
obligations under the Undertaking and, where the Undertaking contains a Guarantee, the 
events listed in Conditions 9.1 and 9.2 shall be deemed to include such Guarantee not being 
(or being claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect.  In addition, the 
Guarantee shall contain: 
(i) 
in the case of Senior Notes, events of default in respect of the Notes in the same terms 
as Condition 9.1 relating to the Guarantor (except that references in Condition 9.1 to 
failure to pay principal and interest on the Notes shall be a reference to failure to pay 
under the Guarantee); and 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, the Guarantee shall contain rights of enforcement 
in the form of Condition 9.1. 
18. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
18.1 
Governing law 
The Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Luxembourg law. 
18.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
The Issuer agrees for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders that the courts of Luxembourg, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, are to have 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and the relative 
Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons and that accordingly any Proceedings arising out of or in connection 
with such Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons may be brought in such courts. 
19. 
Bail-in recognition 
(a) 
Acknowledgement 
Notwithstanding any other term of the Notes or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding 
between the Issuer and the holders, by its subscription and/or purchase and holding of the Notes, each 
holder (which for the purposes of this Condition 19 includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the 
Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, which may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
• 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due on a permanent basis;

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
 
• 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into participation certificates 
(certificats participatifs) of the Issuer or shares, other securities or other obligations 
of another person (and the issue to the Holder of such shares, securities or obligations), 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the 
Notes, in which case the Holder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the Notes 
any such shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person; 
• 
the cancellation of the Notes or Amounts Due; or 
• 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount 
of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
that the terms of the Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, 
the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest and Other Outstanding Amounts Due 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the 
exercise of the Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer unless, 
at the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become due, such repayment or 
payment would be permitted to be made by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in effect in 
Luxembourg and the European Union applicable to the Issuer or other members of the Group. 
(c) 
Event of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof into 
another security or obligation of the Issuer or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in 
Power by the Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer, nor the exercise of the Bail-in Power by 
the Resolution Authority with respect to the Notes will constitute an Event of Default.  
(d) 
Notice to Noteholders 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Notes, the Issuer will make available a written notice to the holders as soon as practicable regarding 
such exercise of the Bail-in Power. The Issuer will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Agents for 
information purposes. For the avoidance of doubt, the absence of such notice will not affect the validity 
and enforceability of the Bail-in Power.  
(e) 
Duties of the Agents 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority, (a) the Agents shall not 
be required to take any directions from holders, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties 
upon any of the Agents whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by 
the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
(f) 
Proration 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in Power with respect to less than the total 
Amounts Due, unless any of the Agents is otherwise instructed by the Issuer or the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Notes pursuant to the Bail-
in Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
(g) 
Conditions Exhaustive

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
 
The matters set forth in this Condition 19 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion 
of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer and any holder of a Note. 
Amounts Due means the principal amount, together with any accrued but unpaid interest, and 
additional amounts, if any, due on the Notes. References to such amounts will include amounts that 
have become due and payable, but which have not been paid, prior to the exercise of the Bail-in Power 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority; 
Relevant Resolution Authority means the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to 
the SRM Regulation (as defined in Condition 2.4) and/or any other authority lawfully entitled to 
exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in Power from time to time;  
20. 
Additional Provisions Applicable to Index Linked Redemption Notes 
This Condition 20 applies to Index Linked Redemption Notes only.  Annex 2 to these Conditions 
contains provisions relating to the formula used to determine the payoff under Index Linked 
Redemption Notes and the applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination 
of the performance of the relevant Index or Indices as well as other relevant provisions and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition 20 and with Annex 2 for full information on any Index Linked 
Redemption Notes.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the relevant Index or Indices, 
the relevant Screen Page, the Component Transactions, the applicable formula. 
20.1 
Market Disruption 
Market Disruption Event means, in relation to Notes relating to a single Index or Basket of Indices, 
the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption or, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either 
case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (x) for 
the purposes of the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins or ends at the time 
when the level of such Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level or (y) 
in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists at any time, if a Market 
Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security, a commodity, a contract or a Component Transaction 
included in such Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that security, that 
commodity, that contract or that Component Transaction to the level of such Index shall be based on 
a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of such Index attributable to that security, that commodity, 
that contract or that Component Transaction and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case 
immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day would have been an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, a Knock-in Determination 
Day, a Knock-out Determination Day or a Valuation Date. 
20.2 
Adjustments to an Index 
(a) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor 
index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula 
for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then in each case that index 
(the Successor Index) will be deemed to be the Index. 
(b) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
 
If (i) on or prior to the last Valuation Date, last Observation Date, last Averaging Date, the last Knock-
in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant 
Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a modification prescribed in that 
formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and 
capitalisation, contracts, commodities or Component Transaction and other routine events) (an Index 
Modification), or permanently cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists (an Index 
Cancellation), or (ii) on a Valuation Date, an Observation Date, an Averaging Date, a Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) any 
successor to the Index Sponsor (the Successor Index Sponsor) fails to calculate and announce a 
relevant Index (an Index Disruption and, together with an Index Modification and an Index 
Calculation, each an Index Adjustment Event), then, 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect 
on the Notes and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Settlement Price using, in lieu of a 
published level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time on that 
Valuation Date, Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the 
change, 
failure 
or 
cancellation, 
but 
using 
only 
those 
securities/contracts/commodities/Component Transactions that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
(ii) 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, the Issuer shall redeem all 
but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to 
the fair market value of a Note taking into account the Index Adjustment Event, less the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.  Payments will 
be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14. 
(c) 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the relevant Agent of any determination 
made by it pursuant to paragraph (b) above and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and 
such Agent shall make available for inspection by Noteholders copies of any such determinations. 
20.3 
Correction of Index 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment of a Redemption Amount, if the Index published on a given day 
and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine any Redemption Amount is subsequently 
corrected and the correction published by the relevant Index Sponsor within 30 days of the original 
publication, the level to be used shall be the level of the Index as so corrected.  Corrections published 
after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to the relevant redemption date will be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining any redemption amount. 
20.4 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the 
action described in (i) or (ii) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to the multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event 
and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.  If the 
Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each 
Note held by him which amount shall be the fair market value of a Note taking into account 
the Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion.  Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the holders in accordance with Condition 14 stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto. 
20.5 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment under the relevant Notes 
subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment under the relevant 
Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will 
be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes 
of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if 
on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one 
hour period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of the Index triggers the Knock-in 
Level or the Knock-out Level, a Market Disruption Event occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event 
or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 20: 
Knock-in Event means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-
in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms,  
(i) 
in respect of a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day is; and  
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Indices, that the amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values of each Index as the product in respect of each Index 
of (x) the level of such Index as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on any Knock-in 
Determination Day and (y) the relevant Weighting is,

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
 
in each case (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or 
equal to" the Knock-in Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-
in Determination Day or (y) in respect of any knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-in Level means: 
(a) 
if SPS Final Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the level, amount, 
number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustments 
as provided in Condition 20; or 
(b) 
if SPS Final Payout is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (A) in the 
case of a single Index, the level of the Index specified and (B) in case of a Basket of Indices, 
the level per Basket specified and for both (A) and (B) as such or otherwise determined in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions of Market Disruption set out in Condition 20.1 above. 
Knock-in Determination Day means, in the case of a single Index and in the case of a Basket of 
Indices, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-
in Determination Period subject to, in either case, the provisions of Market Disruption set out in 
Condition 20.1 above.  For the purposes of a Market Disruption, any Knock-in Determination Day 
will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date 
set out below shall apply.  If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to 
"Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the 
definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Knock-in Determination Day". 
Knock-in Determination Period means, in respect of a single Index or a Basket of Indices the period 
which commences on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, 
the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means, in respect of a single Index or a Basket of Indices the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means, in respect of a single Index or a Basket of Indices, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means, in respect of a single Index or a Basket of Indices, the time or 
period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or 
in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in 
Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
Knock-in Value means the value from the SPS Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7 or 1.8 specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) (A) in the case of 
a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day is and (B) in the case of a Basket of Indices, 
that the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of 
each Index as the product in respect of each Index of (i) the level of such Index as of the Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-out Determination Day and (ii) the relevant weighting is, and for both 
(A) and (B) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal 
to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level.

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
 
Knock-out Level means, in the case of a single Index, the level of the Index specified and in the case 
of a Basket of Indices, the level per Basket specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of Market 
Disruption set out in Condition 20.1 above. 
Knock-out Determination Day means, in respect of a single Index and in relation to a Basket of 
Indices, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled Trading Day during the Knock-
out Determination Period subject to, in either case, the provisions of "Market Disruption" set out in 
Condition 20.1 above.  For the purposes of a Market Disruption, any Knock-out Determination Day 
will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions contained in the definition of Valuation Date 
set out below shall apply.  If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to 
"Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the 
definition of Averaging Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to 
"Averaging Date" were to "Knock-out Determination Day". 
Knock-out Determination Period means, in respect of a single Index or a Basket of Indices, the 
period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and 
includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means, in respect of a single Index or a Basket of Indices, the 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means, in respect of a single Index or a Basket of Indices, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means, in respect of a single Index or a Basket of Indices, the time or 
period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-
out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
20.6 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed 
in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer 
on such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified Currency specified in 
the applicable Final Terms specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (b) if such amount is not 
specified, (A) the product of (i) the denomination of each Note and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date or (B) the SPS Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount Payout specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means:

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
 
(a) 
if SPS Final Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER 
Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, is (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or 
equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption 
Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms on an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date; or 
(b) 
if SPS Final Payout is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (A) in the 
case of a single Index, that the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as of 
the Valuation Time on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date is, and (B) in the 
case of a Basket of Indices, the amount for the Basket determined by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of the values of each Index as the product of (i) the level of such Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date and (ii) the relevant weighting is, and for both (A) and (B) as 
specified in the Final Terms (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" 
or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level. 
Automatic Early Redemption Level means: 
(a) 
if SPS Final Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the level, amount, 
number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustments 
as provided in Condition 20; or 
(b) 
if SPS Final Payout is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the level of 
the Index specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustments as provided in Condition 20. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Date, the 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day.  If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of Averaging Date shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date". 
SPS AER Value  means the value from the SPS Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7 or 1.8 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms  
20.7 
Additional Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 20: 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of 
Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly 
or indirectly under common control with the First Entity.  For these purposes control means ownership 
of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Average Highest means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations obtained by the 
Issuer, or an agent appointed by it, with respect to each Valuation Date.

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
 
Averaging Date means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day.  If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
If Omission is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement 
Price provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur, 
then the provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of determining 
the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were 
a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the provisions 
of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that 
deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging 
Date; or 
(c) 
if Modified Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms then: 
(i) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Redemption Notes relating to a single Index, the 
Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below).  If the 
first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal in number to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption (up to the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) immediately following the 
original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging 
Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or 
amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with subparagraph (b) of the definition 
of Valuation Date below; 
(ii) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Redemption Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, 
the Averaging Date for the Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the Scheduled Averaging Date) 
and the Averaging Date for an Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such Index.  
If the first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index has not occurred for 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption (up to the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day) immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date, 
then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the 
Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of such Index, and (B) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with subparagraph (b) of the definition of Valuation Date below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Conditions Valid Date means a Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date does not or is not 
deemed to occur.

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
 
Change of Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute 
discretion that (x) it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant 
security/commodity/contract/Component Transaction comprised in an Index or (y) it will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Notes (including, without limitation, 
due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Component Transaction means each and any combination of any security and/or derivative 
(including interest rates) contracts composing the Index as determined from time to time by the 
Relevant Dealers and as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Exchange or the Related Exchange 
fails to open for trading during their regular trading session or a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day with respect to such Index of any 
relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities, commodities, contracts or Component Transactions that 
comprise 20% or more of the level of such Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the 
submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for 
execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange means in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and in relation to an Index each 
exchange or quotation system or over the counter exchange specified as such for such Index in the 
applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the securities/commodities/contracts comprising 
such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to the securities/commodities/contracts/Component Transactions 
comprising such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means either (a) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day (Single 
Index Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (i) Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) 
or (ii) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange 
Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) in 
respect of any Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if 
any, are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s) in respect of such Indices, 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing 
Time and (b) in respect of any Composite Indices, (i) the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such 
Composite Indices and (ii) each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, is open for trading 
during its regular trading session in respect of such Composite Indices, notwithstanding any such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which (a) in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the 
relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are open for trading during their regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and (b) in respect of a Composite Index, (i) the relevant Index Sponsor

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
 
publishes the level of such Composite Index and (ii) each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if 
any, is open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of such Composite Index, 
notwithstanding such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time.  
Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) in 
respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related 
Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such 
relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (b) 
in respect of a Composite Index (i) the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite 
Index and (ii) each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, is open for trading during its regular 
trading session in respect of such Composite Index, notwithstanding such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants and Relevant Dealers in 
general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for on any relevant Exchange(s) in 
securities/commodities/contracts/Component Transactions that comprise 20% or more of the level of 
the relevant Index, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures, options or any 
derivative contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
Full Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, any firm quotations obtained from 
Relevant Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of less 
than the Quotation Amount; that in aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind 
or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity, credit, interest rates, 
foreign currency exchange, or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Hedging Components means the number of securities/commodities/contracts comprised in an Index 
that the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the equity, credit, interest rates, foreign currency exchange 
or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Issuer, or an agent appointed by it, with respect 
to the Valuation Date. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense 
or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risks (including, 
without limitation, equity and credit price risk, foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, and any other 
price risks) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially 
increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate 
to borrow any security/commodity/contract/Component Transaction comprised in an Index that is 
greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
Index Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
 
Index Sponsor means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible 
for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if 
any, related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on 
a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date of the Notes is the 
index sponsor specified for such Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
Indices and Index mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 20.2, the indices or index 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a security/commodity/contract/Component Transaction 
comprised in an Index, the initial stock loan rate specified in relation to such security, commodity, 
contract or Component Transaction in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Valuation Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Loss of Stock Borrow means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable 
efforts, 
to 
borrow 
(or 
maintain 
a 
borrowing 
of) 
any 
securities/commodities/contracts/Component Transactions comprised in an Index in an amount equal 
to the Hedging Components at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Market Value means, with respect to the Index level being valued on a Valuation Date, (a) if more 
than three Full Quotations are obtained by the Issuer, or an agent appointed by it, the arithmetic mean 
of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, 
if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such 
highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (b) if exactly three Full Quotations are 
obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, 
if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest and lowest value, then one of such highest 
or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (c) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the 
arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (d) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and a 
Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (e) if fewer than two 
Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, an amount as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on any of the next ten Business Days thereafter on which two or 
more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained; and (f) if two or more Full 
Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not obtained within this additional ten Business 
Days' period, any one Full Quotation on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, 
the Market Value shall be the weighted average of any firm quotations obtained from Relevant Dealers 
on such tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which 
such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation 
Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a security/commodity/contract comprised in an 
Index, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day.  If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of Averaging Date shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date". 
Observation Period means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Quotation means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed as a 
percentage with respect to a Valuation Date as follows: the Issuer, or an agent appointed by it, shall

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
 
attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date from five or more Relevant 
Dealers.  If the Issuer, or an agent appointed by it, is unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations 
on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following 
Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day 
following the relevant Valuation Date) the Issuer, or an agent appointed by it, shall attempt to obtain 
Full Quotations from five or more Relevant Dealers, and, if two or more Full Quotations are not 
available, a Weighted Average Quotation.  If two or more such Full Quotations or a Weighted Average 
Quotation are not available on any such Business Day, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Relevant Dealer on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is 
obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations obtained from Relevant Dealers on such tenth 
Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations 
were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which 
the firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Quotation Amount shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise shall be deemed 
to be, an amount equal to the amount necessary to unwind the hedge of the Issuer in relation with the 
Notes. 
Quotation Method means the applicable quotation method which may be specified in the Final Terms 
as being one of the following: 
(a) 
Bid means that only bid quotations shall be requested; 
(b) 
Mid means that the bid and offer quotations shall be requested and averaged for the purposes 
of determining a relevant Dealer's quotation; or 
(c) 
Ask means that only offer quotations shall be requested. 
Relevant Dealers means official bank dealers (other than the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer) of the 
Index as appointed by the relevant Index Sponsor, or three financial institutions, selected by the Issuer, 
or an agent appointed by it, that significantly deals or invests in the Index or Component Transactions 
for which Quotations are to be obtained.  The Issuer, or an agent appointed by it, shall select the 
Relevant Dealers in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  Upon a selected Relevant 
Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the Index or 
Component Transactions of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the Issuer, or an agent 
appointed by it, may substitute any other Relevant Dealer(s) for one or more of the foregoing.  Any 
bid quotation provided by the Issuer shall be deemed to be a firm quotation that it would provide to a 
counterparty in the market. 
Relevant Level means the level of the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent at Valuation 
Time on any Valuation Date, using as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either (a) the official 
closing level for such Index, or (b) the official fixing eventually calculated and/or published by the 
Index Sponsor; or, if nothing is specified in the Final Terms, the Valuation Method as set out therein. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday customarily accepted closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside 
of the regular trading session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (a) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Index Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) 
or (ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading 
Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply.

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) means any day on which (a) in respect of any Indices 
other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be 
open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s) in respect of such Indices, and (b) in 
respect of any Composite Indices, (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such 
Composite Indices and (ii) each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, is scheduled to be open 
for trading during its regular trading session in respect of such Composite Indices. 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis) means, in respect of an Index, any day on which (a) in 
respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related 
Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective 
regular trading session(s), and (b) in respect of a Composite Index, (i) the relevant Index Sponsor is 
scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Index and (ii) each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange, if any, is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session in respect of 
such Composite Index.  
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis) means any day on which (a) in respect of an Index 
other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are 
scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), and (b) in respect 
of a Composite Index (i) the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such 
Composite Index and (ii) each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, is scheduled to be open 
for trading during its regular trading session in respect of such Composite Index; 
Scheduled Valuation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
Screen Page means the page specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor page or service 
thereto. 
Settlement Price means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to Index 
Linked Redemption Notes and as referred to in Valuation Date below or Averaging Date above, as 
the case may be: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Redemption Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, an amount 
(which shall be deemed to be a monetary amount in the Index Currency) equal to the sum of 
the values calculated for each Index as the Relevant Level for each Index as determined by 
the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of each Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at the Relevant 
Time on (A) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date 
or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in either 
case, multiplied by the relevant multiplier; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Linked Redemption Notes relating to a single Index, an amount (which 
shall be deemed to be a monetary amount in the Index Currency) equal to the Relevant Level 
of the Index as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the level of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable 
Final Terms at the Relevant Time on (A) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Valuation Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date. 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Trading Disruption means (1) any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to securities,

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
 
commodities, contracts or Component Transactions that comprise 20% or more of the level of such 
Index on any relevant Exchange(s) or (b) in futures, options or derivatives contracts relating to such 
Index on any relevant Related Exchange; and, (2) in case of Component Transactions scheduled to be 
quoted on a relevant over the counter exchange, any time or day on a Scheduled Trading Day during 
which the Issuer, or an agent appointed by it, is unable to obtain a Quotation, as provided by the 
Valuation Method. 
Valuation Date means the Valuation Date or Interest Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day.  
If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Redemption Notes relating to a single Index, the Valuation 
Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless 
each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.  
In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price in the manner set out in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the Settlement Price by 
determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded 
or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
of each security/commodity/derivatives contracts comprised in the Index (or, if an event 
giving 
rise 
to a 
Disrupted 
Day 
has 
occurred in 
respect 
of the 
relevant 
security/commodity/derivatives contracts on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security/commodity/derivatives 
contracts as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(b) 
where the Notes are Index Linked Redemption Notes relating to a Basket of Indices, the 
Valuation Date for each Index, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Index, affected, as the case may 
be, (each an Affected Item) by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each 
of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day 
relating to the Affected Item.  In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement 
Price using, in relation to the Affected Item, the level or value as applicable, determined in the 
manner set out in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not set out or if not practicable, using the 
level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price 
as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each 
security/commodity/derivatives contracts comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise 
to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security/commodity/derivatives 
contracts on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the 
value for the relevant security/commodity/derivatives contracts as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day), 
and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions.

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
 
Valuation Method shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms as (a) Highest, (b) Average 
Highest, or (c) Market Value. 
Valuation Time means: 
(a) 
the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
if Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any time (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) on the Valuation Date or the Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, during the hours that Relevant Dealers customarily bid for the 
relevant Index or any of its Component Transactions; and 
(c) 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange on the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date, 
or Interest Valuation Date, as the case may be.  If the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular 
trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
Weighted Average Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted 
average of firm quotations obtained from Relevant Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, for an amount of less than the Quotation Amount, that in aggregate are 
approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
21. 
Additional Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Redemption Notes 
This Condition 21 applies to Equity Linked Redemption Notes only.  Annex 2 to these Conditions 
contains provisions relating to the formula used to determine the pay-off under Equity Linked 
Redemption Notes and the applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination 
of the performance of the relevant Share(s) as well as other relevant provisions and must be read in 
conjunction with this Condition 21 and with Annex 2 for full information on any Equity Linked 
Redemption Notes.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the relevant Share(s). 
21.1 
Market Disruption 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, 
or (c) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date. 
21.2 
Potential Adjustment Events, Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation and Insolvency 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Event means any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares (unless resulting in a Merger 
Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing Noteholders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing Noteholders of the relevant Shares of (I) such 
Shares or (II) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or 
the proceeds of liquidation of the Share Company equally or proportionately with such 
payments to Noteholders of such Shares or (III) share capital or other securities of another 
issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Share Company as a result of a spin-

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
 
off or other similar transaction or (IV) any other type of securities, rights or certificates or 
other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other consideration) at less than the 
prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
a call by a Share Company in respect of relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v) 
a repurchase by the Share Company or its subsidiaries of relevant Shares whether out of profits 
or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(vi) 
in respect of a Share Company an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed 
or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of 
such Share Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against 
hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of 
preferred stock, certificates, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market 
value as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a 
result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(vii) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
(b) 
Following the declaration by the Share Company of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the 
Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if 
so, will (A) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Asset Amount (in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) and/or any of the other 
terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect 
(provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and (B) determine the effective 
date of that adjustment.  The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an 
options exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 stating the adjustment 
to any Relevant Asset and/or the Asset Amount (in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) 
and/or the multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event. 
(c) 
De-Listing means, in respect of any relevant Shares, the Exchange announces that pursuant to the 
rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the 
Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-
listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the European 
Union). 
Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the Share Company (a) all the 
Shares of that Share Company are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar 
official or (b) Noteholders of the Shares of that Share Company become legally prohibited from 
transferring them.

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
 
Merger Date means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined 
under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Merger Event means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (a) reclassification or change of such 
Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares 
outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange of a Share Company with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Share Company is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (c) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or 
person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100% of the outstanding Shares of the Share Company that 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares 
owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or 
binding share exchange of the Share Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which 
the Share Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change 
of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 
50% of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the Merger Date is 
on or before (a) in the case of Cash Settled Notes, the last occurring Valuation Date or where 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the final Averaging Date in respect of the 
relevant Note or (b) in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the relevant Maturity Date. 
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Share Company 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, 
authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
Tender Offer means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50% and less than 100% (the 
Percentage Range) of the outstanding voting shares of the Share Company as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or 
such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
Tender Offer Date means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which the voting shares in the 
amount of the Percentage Range are actually purchased or otherwise obtained, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency (each, an Extraordinary 
Event) occurs in relation to a Share, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the action 
described in (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Asset 
Amount (in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the multiplier and/or 
any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for 
the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may 
be, and determine the effective date of that adjustment.  The relevant adjustments may include, 
without limitation, adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock 
loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Notes.  The Calculation Agent may (but 
need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of 
the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency made by any 
options exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options exchange; or

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
 
(ii) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Extraordinary Events is specified as being 
Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14, redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by 
payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of a Note taking into account the Merger 
Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, less the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (unless provided for in the applicable Final Terms), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.  Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; or 
(iii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Extraordinary Event is specified as being Applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note 
taking into account the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation or 
Insolvency, as the case may be, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding 
any underlying related hedging arrangements (the Calculated Amount) as soon as 
practicable, following the occurrence of the Extraordinary Event (the Calculated Amount 
Determination Date) and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the Calculated Amount plus interest accrued from 
and including the Calculated Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date 
at a rate specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such specification, at a rate equal to 
Issuer's funding cost at such time. 
(iv) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on such 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the Options 
Exchange), require the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or 
more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Asset Amount (in each case with respect to Physical 
Delivery Notes) and/or the multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or 
the applicable Final Terms, which adjustment will be effective as of the date determined by 
the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding adjustment made by the 
Options Exchange.  If options on the Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Asset Amount (in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) and/or 
the multiplier and/or any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, with 
reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the 
Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, 
that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by 
the Options Exchange if such options were so traded. 
(d) 
Upon the occurrence of a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency, the 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the holders in accordance with Condition 14 stating 
the occurrence of the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the 
case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
21.3 
Correction of Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment of any Redemption Amount, if the price of the relevant Share 
published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine any Redemption 
Amount is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange, as the case may be, within 30 days of the original publication, the price to be used shall be 
the price of the relevant Share as so corrected.  Corrections published after the day which is three 
Exchange Business Days prior to the relevant redemption date will be disregarded by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of determining any Redemption Amount.

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
 
21.4 
Issuer's Option to substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount 
If prior to the redemption of Physical Delivery Notes, the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, that the Relevant Asset(s) comprise(s) Shares which are not freely tradable, 
the Issuer may, in its sole and absolute discretion, elect either (i) to substitute for such Shares freely 
tradable shares with a value equivalent to the Shares (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion) (the Substitute Asset(s)) or (ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of 
the Asset Amount or the Substitute Asset(s), as the case may be, but in lieu thereof to pay to the 
Noteholders on the Maturity Date an amount equal to the fair market value of the Asset Amount on 
the Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion by 
reference to such sources as it considers appropriate (the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount).  
Notification of any such election will be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
For the purposes hereof, a freely tradable share shall mean (i) with respect to the United States, a 
share which is registered under the Securities Act or not restricted under the Securities Act and which 
is not purchased from the issuer of such share and not purchased from an affiliate of the issuer of such 
share or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradable share for the purposes of the 
Securities Act, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion 
or (ii) with respect to any other jurisdiction, a share not subject to any legal restrictions on transfer in 
such jurisdiction. 
21.5 
Additional Disruption Events 
(a) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion may take the 
action described in (A) or (B) below: 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Asset 
Amount (in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the multiplier and/or 
any of the other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for 
the Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(ii) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event is specified as 
being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, redeem the Notes by giving notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.  If the Notes are so redeemed the Issuer will 
pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by him which amount shall be 
the fair market value of a Note taking into account the Additional Disruption Event less the 
cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.  
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14. 
(iii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event is specified as being 
Applicable in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of 
each Note taking into account the Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the Calculated 
Additional Disruption Amount) as soon as practicable, following the occurrence of the 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event 
(the 
Calculated 
Additional 
Disruption 
Amount 
Determination Date) and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each Note at an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount 
plus interest accrued from and including the Calculated Additional Disruption Amount 
Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if no such specification, at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such time.

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
 
(b) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the holders in accordance with Condition 14 stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in 
relation thereto. 
21.6 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
If Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment under the relevant Notes 
subject to a Knock-in Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
If Knock-out Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then payment under the relevant 
Notes subject to a Knock-out Event shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day is a Disrupted Day, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will 
be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes 
of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
If the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if 
on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one 
hour period that begins and/or ends at the time on which the level of the Share triggers the Knock-in 
Level or the Knock-out Level, a Market Disruption Event occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event 
or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 21: 
Knock-in Event means  
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Knock-
in Value is; or 
(b) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the Share price determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time on 
any Knock-in Determination Day is; and  
in each case (a) "greater than", (b) "greater than or equal to", (c) "less than" or (d) "less than or equal 
to" the Knock-in Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in 
Determination Day or (y) in respect of any knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-in Level means: 
(a) 
if SPS Final Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the level, amount, 
number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustments 
as provided in this Condition 21; 
(b) 
if SPS Final Payout is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Share 
price specified and as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of Market Disruption set out 
in Condition 21.1 above. 
Knock-in Determination Day means as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled 
Trading Day during the Knock-in Determination Period subject to, in either case, the provisions of

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
 
Market Disruption set out in Condition 21.1 above.  For the purposes of a Market Disruption, any 
Knock-in Determination Day will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions contained in the 
definition of Valuation Date set out below shall apply.  If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the 
provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, 
contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such 
provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Knock-in Determination Day". 
Knock-in Determination Period means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date. 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-in Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
Knock-in Value means the value from the SPS Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7 or 1.8 specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Knock-out Event means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) that the Share 
price determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-out 
Determination Day is and as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater 
than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Knock-out Level. 
Knock-out Level means the Share price specified or otherwise determined in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of Market 
Disruption set out in Condition 21.1 above. 
Knock-out Determination Day means as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or each Scheduled 
Trading Day during the Knock-out Determination Period subject to, in either case, the provisions of 
"Market Disruption" set out in Condition 21.1 above.  For the purposes of a Market Disruption, any 
Knock-out Determination Day will be treated as a Valuation Date and the provisions contained in the 
definition of Valuation Date set out below shall apply.  If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then the 
provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as the case may be, 
contained in the definition of Averaging Date shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such 
provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Knock-out Determination Day". 
Knock-out Determination Period means the period which commences on, and includes, the Knock-
out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date. 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Period Ending Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day. 
Knock-out Valuation Time means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time. 
21.7 
Automatic Early Redemption Event

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed 
in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and the Early Redemption Amount payable by the Issuer 
on such date upon redemption of each Note shall be an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount means (a) an amount in the Specified Currency specified in 
the applicable Final Terms specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (b) if such amount is not 
specified, (A) the product of (i) the denomination of each Note and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to that Automatic Early Redemption Date or (B) the SPS Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount Payout specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Event means: 
(a) 
if SPS Final Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER 
Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, is (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or 
equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption 
Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms on an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date; or 
(b) 
if SPS Final Payout is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Share 
price determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date is, and (B) in the case of a Basket of Indices, the amount for the 
Basket determined by the Calculation as specified in the Final Terms, (i) "greater than", (ii) 
"greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early 
Redemption Level. 
Automatic Early Redemption Level means: 
(a) 
if SPS Final Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price, amount, 
number or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustments 
as provided in this Condition 21; or 
(b) 
if SPS Final Payout is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price of 
the Share specified as such or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustments as provided in this Condition 21. 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Date, the 
rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading 
Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day.  If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of Averaging Date shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date".

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
 
SPS AER Value means the value from the SPS Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7 or 1.8 specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
21.8 
Additional Definitions 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Change of Law, Failure to Deliver, Hedging Disruption, 
Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Insolvency Filing and/or Loss of Stock 
Borrow, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly 
or indirectly under common control with the First Entity.  For these purposes control means ownership 
of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Averaging Date means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day.  If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
If Omission is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement 
Price provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur, 
then the provisions of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for purposes of determining 
the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were 
a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(b) 
if Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the provisions 
of the definition of Valuation Date will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that 
deferred Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging 
Date; or 
(c) 
if Modified Postponement is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms then the 
Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below).  If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption (up to Valuation Time on such last 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging 
Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Averaging Date (irrespective of whether the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is 
already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, 
price or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with subparagraph (B) of the definition 
of Valuation Date below.  For the purposes of these Conditions, Valid Date means a 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another Averaging Date 
does not or is not deemed to occur.  
Change of Law means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (a) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal 
or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any 
action taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (x) it 
has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Share or (y) it will incur a materially

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
 
increased cost in performing its obligations under the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any 
increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position). 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such 
Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
Exchange means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such 
Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
Exchange Business Day means either (a) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business 
Day (Single Share Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (i) Exchange Business Day (All 
Shares Basis) or (ii) Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, 
Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) shall apply. 
Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading in 
respect of all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading 
session(s) notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis) means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Share 
are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such 
relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis) means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related 
Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
Exchange Disruption means, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (a) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the relevant Exchange or (b) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Share 
on any relevant Related Exchange. 
Failure to Deliver means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, when due, the 
relevant Shares under the Notes, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market for 
such Shares. 
Hedging Disruption means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
 
the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or 
remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Hedging Shares means the number of Shares that the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the equity or 
other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
Increased Cost of Hedging means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense 
or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk 
(including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the 
Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount 
that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate 
to borrow any Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan rate specified in relation 
to such Share in the applicable Final Terms. 
Insolvency Filing means that a Share Company institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over 
it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, 
or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it 
consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and 
not consented to by the Share Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
Interest Valuation Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Loss of Stock Borrow means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Share in an amount equal to the Hedging 
Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Share, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day.  If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified 
Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of Averaging Date shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date". 
Observation Period means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Related Exchange means in respect of Equity Linked Redemption Notes and in relation to a Share, 
each exchange or quotation system on which option contracts or futures contracts relating to such 
Share are traded, or each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Share in the 
applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Share

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
 
has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All 
Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, Related Exchange 
shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading 
session hours. 
Scheduled Trading Day means either (a) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Share Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) or 
(ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Per Share Basis) shall apply. 
Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading in respect of all Shares 
comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading session(s). 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis) means, in respect of a Share, any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be 
open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis) means any day on which the relevant Exchange and 
the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s).. 
Scheduled Valuation Date means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Settlement Price means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each 
Cash Settled Note in respect of Equity Linked Redemption Notes, and as referred to in Valuation 
Date below or Averaging Date above, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at 
the Relevant Time on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share on (a) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such official closing price (or the price at the Relevant Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and 
the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market 
buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Relevant Time on the Valuation Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair 
market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Relevant Time on the Valuation Date or 
such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the Share 
based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or 
middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) engaged in the trading of the Share or on such 
other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide, such amount to be converted, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
 
to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent. Shares and 
Share mean the shares specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Share Company means the company that has issued the Share. 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Trading Disruption means, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Share 
or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
Valuation Date means the Valuation Date or Interest Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day.  
If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in 
number to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.  In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, determine the Settlement Price in 
accordance with its good faith estimate of the Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on that the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
Valuation Time means the Relevant Time specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Relevant 
Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation 
Date or Averaging Date, or Interest Valuation Date, as the case may be, in relation to each Share to be 
valued provided that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the 
specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the 
Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
22. 
Additional Provisions Applicable to Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
This Condition 22 applies to Inflation Linked Interest Notes only.  Annex 2 to these Conditions 
contains provisions relating to the formula used to determine the pay-off under Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes and the applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of 
the performance of the relevant inflation index as well as other relevant provisions and must be read 
in conjunction with this Condition 22 and with Annex 2 for full information on any Inflation Linked 
Interest Notes.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the relevant Screen Page, the 
various levels and other factors required to apply the formula. 
22.1 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that, in relation to Notes relating to an Index, a Delayed Index 
Level Event in respect of an Index has occurred with respect to any Interest Determination Date, then 
the Relevant Level with respect to any Reference Month which is to be used in any calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent with respect to such Interest Determination Date 
(the Substitute Index Level) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to Condition 
22.3(a) "Adjustments - Substitute Index Level" below), as follows:

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level 
determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; or 
(b) 
if A) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or (B) the 
Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Index Level under (a) above, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the following 
formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level / Reference Level ) 
(c) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
where: 
Base Level means the level of the Index (whether definitive or provisional) published or announced 
by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month for which 
the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
Latest Level means the latest level of the Index (whether definitive or provisional) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is 
being calculated. 
Reference Level means the level of the Index (whether definitive or provisional) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the month 
referred to in Latest Level above. 
The Issuer shall promptly give notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 14 of 
any Substitute Index Level. 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant Cut-Off Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations.  The 
Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 22.1 will be the definitive level for 
that Reference Month. 
22.2 
Successor Index 
If in relation to Notes relating to the Index, the Calculation Agent determines that the level of the Index 
is not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the Index 
Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Index and/or the Index 
Sponsor cancels the Index then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a Successor 
Index) (in lieu of any previously applicable Index) for the purposes of the Notes as follows: 
(a) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine a Successor Index by reference to the corresponding successor index 
determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; 
(b) 
if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms or a Related Bond 
Redemption Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading independent 
dealers to state what the replacement index for the Index should be.  If between four and five 
responses are received, and of those four or five responses, three or more leading independent 
dealers state the same index, this index will be deemed the Successor Index.  If three responses 
are received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, this index 
will be deemed the Successor Index;

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
 
(c) 
If no Successor Index has been deemed under (a) above or if fewer than three responses are 
received under (b) above by the Cut-Off Date the Calculation Agent will determine an 
appropriate alternative index for the relevant Payment Date, and such index will be deemed a 
Successor Index; or 
(d) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, there will 
be deemed to be no Successor Index and an Index Cancellation will be deemed to have 
occurred. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor 
Index shall be deemed to replace the Index for the purposes of the Notes.  Notice of the determination 
of a Successor Index, the effective date of the Successor Index or the occurrence of an Index 
Cancellation will be given to holders of the Notes by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
22.3 
Adjustments 
(a) 
Substitute Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Index Level in accordance with Condition 22.1 
"Delay in Publication" above, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments 
(without limitation) to (A) the Substitute Index Level determined in accordance with Condition 22.1 
"Delay in Publication" above and/or (B) interest payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes, in each case, as the Calculation Agent deems necessary.  The Issuer shall 
give notice to the holders of the Notes of any such adjustment in accordance with Condition 14. 
(b) 
Successor Index 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with Condition 22.2 "Successor Index" above, the 
Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to the interest payable 
under the Notes (if any) and/or any other relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary.  The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes of any such adjustment or amount 
in accordance with Condition 14. 
(c) 
Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(i) 
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to an Interest Determination Date in 
respect of which a Relevant Level will be used in any calculation or determination in respect 
of such Interest Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor 
has corrected the Relevant Level to correct a manifest error, the Calculation Agent may make 
any adjustment to interest payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other relevant term of 
the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate as a result of such correction and/or 
determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of that correction.  The Issuer shall 
give notice to the holders of the Notes of any such adjustment and/or amount in accordance 
with Condition 14. 
(ii) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of 
an Interest Determination Date in respect of which a Substitute Index Level was determined, 
the Calculation Agent may either (I) determine that such Relevant Level shall not be used in 
any calculation or determination under the Notes and that the Substitute Index Level shall be 
deemed to be the definitive Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month, or (II) make any 
adjustment to the interest payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other relevant term of 
the Notes as it deems appropriate as a result of the announcement or publication of the 
Relevant Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of such 
publication or announcement.  The Issuer shall give notice to the holders of the Notes of any

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
 
determination in respect of (I) or (II), together with any adjustment or amount in respect 
thereof, in accordance with Condition 14. 
(iii) 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Specified Currency 
(whether relating to its convertibility into other currencies or otherwise) which the Calculation 
Agent determines necessitates an adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to interest 
payable under the Notes, (if any) and/or any other relevant term of the Notes (including the 
date on which any amount is payable by the Issuer), the Calculation Agent may make such 
adjustment or adjustments to interest payable under the Notes (if any) and/or any other 
relevant term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent deems necessary.  The Calculation Agent 
shall give notice to the holders of the Notes of any such adjustment in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
(d) 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the Index 
as so rebased (the Rebased Index) will be used for purposes of determining the Relevant Level from 
the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that the Calculation Agent may make (A) if Related 
Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any adjustments as are made pursuant 
to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the 
Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as before the rebasing, and/or (B) if Related 
Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event 
has occurred, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that 
the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Index before it was rebased, and in 
each case the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment(s) to interest payable under the Notes (if 
any) and/or any other term of the Notes as the Calculation Agent may deem necessary.  If the 
Calculation Agent determines that neither (A) nor (B) above would produce a commercially 
reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may redeem each Note on a date notified by the Issuer to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at its fair economic value as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as at the date of redemption taking into account the rebasing, less the cost to the 
Issuer of unwinding or amending any related underlying hedging arrangements.  Notice of any 
adjustment, redemption of the Notes or determination pursuant to this paragraph shall be given to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(e) 
Index Modification 
(i) 
If, in relation to Notes relating to the Index on or prior to the Cut-Off Date in respect of any 
Interest Determination Date, the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has 
occurred the Calculation Agent may (I) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, make any adjustments to the Index, any Relevant Level and/or any 
other relevant term of the Notes (including, without limitation, interest payable under the 
Notes (if any)), consistent with any adjustments made to the Related Bond as the Calculation 
Agent deems necessary, or (II) if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the Final 
Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred, make only those adjustments to the 
relevant Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other term of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, the interest payable under the Notes (if any)), as the Calculation Agent deems 
necessary for the modified Index to continue as the Index and to account for the economic 
effect of the Index Modification. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred at any time after 
the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Interest Determination Date, the Calculation Agent may 
determine either to ignore such Index Modification for the purposes of any calculation or 
determination made by the Calculation Agent with respect to such Interest Determination

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
 
Date, in which case the relevant Index Modification will be deemed to have occurred with 
respect to the immediately succeeding Interest Determination Date such that the provisions of 
subparagraph (i) above will apply, or, notwithstanding that the Index Modification has 
occurred following the Cut-Off Date, to make any adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems 
fit in accordance with subparagraph (i) above. 
(f) 
Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has occurred, the Issuer may redeem 
each Note on the date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at its fair 
economic value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of redemption taking into 
account the Index Cancellation, less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related 
underlying hedging arrangements.  Notice of any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this paragraph 
shall be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(g) 
Change in law 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Change in Law has occurred, the Issuer may redeem each 
Note on the date notified by the Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at its fair 
economic value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as at the date of redemption taking into 
account the Change in Law, less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding or amending any related underlying 
hedging arrangements.  Notice of any redemption of the Notes pursuant to this paragraph shall be 
given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
(h) 
Additional Definitions 
Change in Law means that, on or after the Issue Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (a) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, 
any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal 
or regulatory authority), the Issuer determines that in its sole and absolute discretion that it is unable 
to perform its obligations in respect of the Notes or it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose 
of any relevant hedge positions in respect of the Notes. 
Cut-Off Date means, in respect of an Interest Determination Date, five Business Days prior to such 
Interest Determination Date, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Delayed Index Level Event means, in respect of any Interest Determination Date, that the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of the Index (the Relevant Level) in respect of any 
Reference Month which is to be used in any calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of such Interest Determination Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
Fallback Bond means a bond selected by the Issuer, or an agent appointed by it, that is a debt 
obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, Germany, Italy or 
Spain, and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level 
of inflation in the European Monetary Union.  The Issuer, or an agent appointed by it, will select the 
Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is 
more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected 
by the Issuer, or an agent appointed by it, from those bonds.  If the Fallback Bond redeems the Issuer, 
or an agent appointed by it, will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all 
eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which 
the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
Index means the HCIP, as defined in Part 3 of Annex 2 and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly.

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
 
Index Cancellation means a level for the Index has not been published or announced for two 
consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Index and/or the Index Sponsor announces 
that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Index and no Successor Index exists. 
Index Modification means the Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Index or in 
any other way materially modifies the Index. 
Index Sponsor means in relation to an Index, the corporation or entity that (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related 
to the Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular basis 
during each Scheduled Trading Day which as of the Issue Date of the Notes is the index sponsor in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Rebased Index has the meaning given to it under Condition 22.3(d) "Rebasing" above. 
Reference Month means the calendar month for which the level of the Index was reported, regardless 
of when this information is published or announced.  If the period for which the Relevant Level was 
reported is a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant 
Level was reported. 
Related Bond means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, means the bond 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is "Fallback Bond", then for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use 
the Fallback Bond.  If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and 
"Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms there will be no Related 
Bond.  If a bond is selected as the Related Bond in the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems 
or matures before the relevant Maturity Date, unless "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond 
determination. 
Related Bond Redemption Event means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at 
any time prior to the Maturity Date, (i) the Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased or cancelled, (ii) 
the Related Bond becomes repayable prior to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason, or (iii) 
the issuer of the Related Bond announces that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or 
cancelled prior to its stated date of maturity. 
Relevant Level has the meaning given to it in the definition of Delayed Index Level Event. 
Scheduled Trading Day means the relevant Scheduled Trading Day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  If no Scheduled Trading Day is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled 
Trading Day shall mean any day on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to be open for trading. 
Successor Index has the meaning given to it in under Condition 22.2 "Successor Index" above. 
Substitute Index Level means, in respect of a Delayed Index Level Event, the index level determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 22.3(a) "Substitute Index Level" above.

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
 
ANNEX 1 
Additional terms and conditions for SPS payouts of Notes 
The following terms and conditions (the SPS Payout Conditions), subject to completion in the applicable 
Final Terms, relate to the payouts in respect of the Notes. In particular, certain sections of the SPS Payout 
Conditions will be set out and completed in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the terms and conditions of the Notes (the Conditions) and the SPS Payout Conditions, the SPS 
Payout Conditions shall prevail. The descriptions of the payouts, interest rates and entitlement amounts and/or 
related provisions included in italics below do not form part of the SPS Payout Conditions, are included for 
information purposes only and are subject to the detailed terms of the relevant payout, interest rate or 
entitlement amount, as applicable, and shall be determined by the Issuer, or an agent appointed by it. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. A potential investor should not invest in Notes 
which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to 
evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
1. 
SPS PAYOUTS 
General definitions in relation to SPS Payouts are set out below in Condition 1.4 of the SPS Payout 
Conditions. 
1.1 
SPS Final Payouts 
The following final payouts (each a SPS Final Payout) shall apply to the Notes if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
SPS Final Payout  – Reverse Convertibles Notes 
If SPS Final Payout - Reverse Convertible Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Final Payout per Note is the amount in Settlement Currency, determined by 
the Calculation Agent as: 
(i) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
NA x Constant Percentage 1 
(ii) 
else: 
NA x MAX[Constant Percentage 2 – Gearing x Put Option; 0%]   
Where: 
Put Option means 
Min [Max (Strike Percentage −Final Underlying Reference Value,Floor Percentage);Cap Percentage] 
Provided That (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) of this SPS Payout Condition 1.1(a) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii) of this SPS Payout Condition 1.1(a) apply and 
Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no 
Redemption Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of Payout and explanation of how the value of investment is affected by the 
value of the underlying

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
 
The Payout will be an amount per Note in the Settlement Currency equal to: 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, the Calculation Amount per Note, multiplied by the 
Constant Percentage 1 (plus the applicable coupon rate - if any - as specified in the Final 
Terms);  
if a Knock-in Event has occurred, the Calculation Amount per Note, multiplied by the 
difference (if positive) of (i) Constant Percentage 2 and (ii) 100% (Gearing) of the Put Option. 
The Put Option is determined by the difference between (i) the Strike Percentage and (ii) the 
performance of the Underlying Reference (calculated as being the Final Underlying 
Reference Value) such difference being floored at the Floor Percentage and capped at the 
Cap Percentage;  
Fluctuations in the Exchange Rate of the relevant currency will also affect the value of the 
Notes, when FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
Graphical examples 
The illustrative examples below are hypothetical and represent positive, neutral and negative 
scenarios but do not depict every possible outcome or return. The hypothetical returns as 
described below are not indicative for the actual return of a particular product. 
In the following scenarios: 
• 
Gearing is equal to 100%; 
• 
Strike Percentage is equal to 100%; 
• 
Constant Percentage 1 is equal to 100%; 
• 
Constant Percentage 2 is equal to 100%; 
• 
Floor Percentage is equal to 0%;  
• 
Knock-in Level is equal to 70% 
• 
Cap Percentage is equal to 100%; and 
• 
One Knock-in Determination Day being the Redemption Valuation Date (for the 
avoidance of doubt, there might be multiple Knock-in Determination Days). 
Positive scenario: The Underlying Reference performs positively and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred. 
The Underlying Reference performs positively; the Underlying Reference Value on the 
Redemption Valuation Date is above its initial value and no Knock-in Event has occurred, 
which allows the Holder of Notes to benefit from capital protection (i.e. 100% in this example).

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
 
 
The Holder of Notes will receive an amount equal to the Calculation Amount per Note, 
multiplied by (i) the Constant Percentage 1 (i.e. 100% in this example) plus (ii) the applicable 
coupon rate (if any). 
Neutral scenario: Negative performance of the Underlying Reference but no Knock-in Event 
has occurred. 
The Underlying Reference Value (75% in the example) on the Redemption Valuation Date is 
less than its initial value but above the Knock-in Level. Therefore no Knock-in Event has 
occurred.  
 
The Holder of Notes will receive an amount equal to the Calculation Amount per Note, 
multiplied by (i) the Constant Percentage 1 (i.e. 100% in this example) plus (ii) the applicable 
coupon rate (if any). 
Negative scenario: Negative performance of the Underlying Reference and a Knock-in Event 
has occurred. 
0%
50%
100%
150%
200%
On the Strike
Date
On the
Redemption
Valuation Date
Time
Underlying Reference Value
70%
Knock-In Level
0%
50%
100%
150%
200%
On the Strike
Date
On the
Redemption
Valuation Date
Time
Underlying Reference Value
70%
Knock-In Level

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
 
On the Redemption Valuation Date the Underlying Reference Value is less than its initial level 
(60% in this example) and below the Knock-in Level. Therefore a Knock-in Event has 
occurred.  
 
The Holder of Notes will receive an amount equal to the Calculation Amount per Note, 
multiplied by (i) the difference of (x) the Constant Percentage 2 minus (y) 100% (Gearing) of 
the value of the "Put Option" (equal to 60% in this example, calculated as 60% = 100% - 
100% × Max[(100%-60%); 0%]) plus (ii) the applicable coupon rate (if any). The Holder of 
Notes has made a loss as the Underlying Reference has performed negatively and at a lower 
level than the Knock-in Level in this specific case. 
Illustration for all three scenarios: 
 
0%
50%
100%
150%
200%
On the Strike
Date
On the
Redemption
Valuation Date
Time
Underlying Reference Value
70%
Knock-In Level
0%
70%
100%
Payout
Underlying Performance
Constant Percentage 2 
- Gearing x PUT
Knock-in Event has not occured
Knock-in Event has occured
Knock-in Level

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
 
(b) 
SPS Final Payout – Vanilla Call Notes  
If SPS Final Payout - Vanilla Call Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms:  
1) 
If Cap Percentage is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
NA x [Constant Percentage + Gearing ∗ Max (Final Underlying Reference Value −
Strike Percentage;Floor Percentage)] 
2) 
If Cap Percentage is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
NA x [Constant Percentage + Gearing ∗ Min(Max (Final Underlying Reference Value −
Strike Percentage;Floor Percentage) Cap Percentage)] 
Description of Payout and explanation of how the value of investment is affected by the 
value of the underlying 
• 
The Payout per Note will be an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the 
Calculation Amount per Note, multiplied by the sum of (i) the Constant Percentage 1 
and (ii) 100% (Gearing) of the excess of the performance of the Underlying Reference 
(calculated as the Final Underlying Reference Value) over the Strike Percentage, 
subject to a Floor Percentage and eventually to a Cap Percentage. 
• 
Fluctuations in the Exchange Rate of the relevant currency will also affect the value 
of the Notes, when FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the Final Terms. 
Graphical examples 
The illustrative examples below are hypothetical and represent positive, neutral and negative 
scenarios but do not depict every possible outcome or return. The hypothetical returns as 
described below are not indicative for the actual return of a particular product. 
In the following scenarios: 
• 
Gearing is equal to 100%; 
• 
Strike Percentage is equal to 100%;  
• 
Constant Percentage 1 is equal to 100%; and 
• 
Floor Percentage is equal to 0%. 
Positive scenario: The Underlying Reference performs positively; the Underlying Reference 
Value on the Redemption Valuation Date is above the Strike Percentage.

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
 
 
On the Redemption Date, the Holder of the Note will receive an amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount per Note, multiplied by the sum of (i) the Constant Percentage 1 and (ii) 
100% (Gearing) of the performance of the Underlying Reference Value (i.e. 140%=100% + 
100% × (140% - 100%) in this example) plus the applicable coupon rate (if any), such 
performance being calculated as the difference between the Final Underlying Reference Value 
and the Strike Percentage The Holder of Notes has made a gain as the Underlying Reference 
has performed positively. 
Neutral scenario:  The Underlying Reference Value on the Redemption Valuation Date is 
equal to the Strike Percentage. 
 
On the Redemption Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Value is equal to the Strike 
Percentage (so neither a positive or negative performance of the Underlying Reference), then 
the Holder of Notes will receive an amount equal to the Calculation Amount per Note, 
0%
50%
100%
150%
200%
On the Strike
Date
On the
Redemption
Valuation
Date
Underlying Reference 
Value
Time
140%
0%
50%
100%
150%
200%
On the Strike
Date
On the
Redemption
Valuation
Date
Underlying Reference 
Value
Time

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
 
multiplied by the sum of (i) a fixed percentage (i.e. 100% in this example) equal to the sum of 
the Constant Percentage 1 (i.e. 100%) plus (ii) the applicable coupon rate (if any). In case the 
Floor Percentage is above 0%, then the Holder of the Note will receive additionally the Floor 
Percentage, multiplied with the Gearing. 
Negative scenario: The Underlying Reference performs negatively; the Underlying Reference 
Value on the Redemption Valuation Date is less than Strike Percentage. 
 
In this scenario, Holder of Notes will benefit from capital protection: on the Redemption Date, 
the Holder of Notes will receive an amount equal to the Calculation Amount per Note, 
multiplied by sum of (i) the Constant Percentage 1 (i.e. 100%) plus (ii) the applicable coupon 
rate (if any). In case the Floor Percentage is above 0%, then the Holder of the Note will 
receive additionally the Floor Percentage, multiplied with the Gearing. 
(c) 
Autocall Notes  
If Autocall Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
(i) 
If the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied: 
NA x [Constant Percentage 1 + FR Exit Rate]; or 
(ii) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event has 
occurred:  
NA x [Constant Percentage 2 + Coupon Airbag Percentage]; or 
(iii) 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
NA x [Max (Constant Percentage 3 + Gearing × Option; 0%)] 
where: 
Coupon Airbag Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
0%
50%
100%
150%
200%
On the Strike
Date
On the
Redemption
Valuation
Date
Underlying Reference 
Value
Time

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
 
Final Redemption Condition mean than the FR Barrier Value for the relevant SPS FR Barrier 
Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or 
equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Condition Level; 
Final Redemption Condition Level means the percentage, amount or number specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date means each Valuation Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
FR Barrier Value means, in respect of a SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date, the value from 
Annex 1 Conditions 1.6, 1.7 or 1.8 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
FR Exit Rate means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Option means Put, Put Spread, or Forward as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
Forward means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
Put means Max(Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; 0); and 
Put Spread means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; 0); Cap 
Percentage), 
Provided that (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) of this SPS Payout Condition 1.1(c) 
apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (ii) of this SPS Payout Condition 1.1(c) apply and 
Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (cc) if 
the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) of this SPS Payout Condition 1.1(c) apply and Physical 
Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no Redemption 
Amount will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus a final exit rate 
(equal to the FR Exit Rate); 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-In Event has 
occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the above fixed percentage); 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-In Event has occurred and 
Option is Put or Put Spread no fixed percentage and indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage; or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred and 
Option is Forward, no fixed percentage and indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s); or 
• 
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred and 
Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying Reference(s) in 
the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier Percentage. When Gearing is 
positive the higher the number of Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this 
barrier the higher the percentage.

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
 
• 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
1.2 
SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
If SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Payout per Note for the relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Date is the amount in Settlement Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent 
as: 
NA × (AER Redemption Percentage + AER Rate(i)) 
Where: 
AER Redemption Percentage means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
AER Rate (i) means the rate or the rates (if different rates apply for different Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates(i)) specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
1.3 
SPS Entitlement Amounts 
The following Entitlement Amounts (each an Entitlement Amount) will apply to the Notes if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, subject as provided in SPS Payout Condition 1.3(d) below: 
(a) 
Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying 
If Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
NA × Redemption Payout /  Worst Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i) × FX(i) 
Where: 
Worst Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i) is the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date in respect of the 
Underlying Reference with the Worst Value on such date; and 
FX(i) is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date 
or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
(b) 
Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying 
If Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
NA × Redemption Payout / Best Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)×FX(i) 
Where: 
Best-Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i) is the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date in respect of the 
Underlying Reference with the Best Value on such date; and 
FX(i) is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant SPS Valuation Date or 
if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day.

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
 
(c) 
Delivery of the Underlying 
If Delivery of the Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
NA x Redemption Payout / (Underlying Reference Closing Price Value x FX(i)) 
Where: 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value is the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value 
on the relevant SPS Valuation Date; and 
FX(i) is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant SPS Valuation Date or 
if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
(d) 
Rounding and Residual Amount 
The Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the nearest unit of each Relevant Asset 
capable of being delivered and in lieu thereof the Issuer will pay an amount equal to: 
NA x Redemption Payout – ∑
Number (k,i) * FX(k,i) * Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(k,i)
k
k=1
 
Number (k,i) is equal to the Entitlement Amount for the relevant Underlying Reference(k) 
and SPS Valuation Date(i) 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(k,i) is the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Underlying 
Reference(k); and 
FX(k,i) is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant SPS Valuation Date 
or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
1.4 
SPS Coupon Rate Payouts 
The following Coupon Rate(s) will apply to the Notes if specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Coupon Rate Payout  – SPS Digital Coupon 
If Coupon Rate Payout – SPS Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
If the Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of Interest Valuation Date(i): 
NA x Rate(i); or 
(ii) 
if the Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of Interest Valuation 
Date(i): 
NA x zero. 
Where: 
Digital Coupon Condition means that the Underlying Reference Value, is (a) greater 
than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level in respect of the relevant Interest 
Valuation Date.

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
 
Barrier Level means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Description of Coupon Rate Payout - Digital Coupon 
A Digital Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest at a specified rate for 
a relevant period if the Digital Coupon Condition is met. If the Digital Coupon 
Condition is not met then the Notes will pay no interest for the relevant period. 
(b) 
Coupon Rate Payout  – SPS Snowball Digital Coupon 
If Coupon Rate Payout – SPS Snowball Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of Interest Valuation 
Date(i): 
NA x (Rate(i) + SumRate(i)); or 
(ii) 
if the Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of Interest 
Valuation Date(i): 
NA x zero. 
Where: 
Snowball Date means each date on which the relevant Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is 
satisfied; 
Snowball Digital Coupon Condition means that the Underlying Reference Value is (a) 
greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Snowball Level in respect of the relevant Interest Valuation 
Date; 
Snowball Level means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
SumRate(i) means the sum of Rate(i) for each Interest Valuation Date, in the period from (but 
excluding) the last occurring Snowball Date (or if none the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the 
relevant Interest Valuation Date. 
Description of Coupon Rate Payout - Snowball Digital Coupon  
A Snowball Digital Coupon provides that the Notes bear or pay interest on the basis of a 
Snowball Digital Coupon Condition being met, with a memory effect which allows any interest 
not paid in respect of a relevant period to be paid at a later date if certain conditions are met. 
Graphical examples 
In these illustrative examples: 
• 
the Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied when the Underlying Reference 
Value (in the present example the performance of a Share) for the relevant Interest 
Valuation Date (each annual observation date (i) from 1 to 5) is equal to or greater 
than the Snowball Level (70%); and

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
 
• 
The Rate is 6.5%.  
Illustration of the Snowball Digital Coupon:  
The Underlying Reference Value is greater than the Snowball Level on the first annual 
Valuation Date. 
 
On the first Interest Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Value is (i) greater than the 
Snowball Level, the Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied, then a coupon will be 
paid (Rate(i=1)= 6.5%; SumRate(i=1)= 0%). The coupon received by the Holder of the Note 
is 6.5% of the Calculation Amount per Note.  
0%
50%
100%
150%
200%
On the
Strike
Date
1
2
3
4
5
Underlying Reference 
Value
Interest Valuation Dates
Snowball Condition 
satisfied
70%
Snowball
Level

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
 
Illustration of the memory effect:  
The Underlying Reference Value is greater than the Snowball Level on the first three annual 
Valuation Dates, below the Snowball Level on the fourth Interest Valuation Date and greater than 
the Snowball Level on the last Interest Valuation Date. 
On each Interest Valuation Date (i) from 1 to 3, the Underlying Reference Value is greater 
than 70%, then the Snowball Digital Coupon (i) will be equal to 6.5%. The Snowball Date 
will be each relevant Interest Valuation Date (i) from 1 to 3 and the Holder of Notes will 
receive a coupon rate of 6.5% of the Calculation Amount per Note on each relevant Interest 
Payment Date (i) from 1 to 3. 
On the fourth Interest Valuation Date ( i=4), the Underlying Reference Value is less than 
70%, then the Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied and the Snowball Digital 
Coupon is zero, no coupon will be paid with respect to the fourth Interest Valuation Date 
(i=4) and the Snowball Date is the third Interest Valuation Date (i=3). 
On the fifth (last) Interest Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Value is greater than 
70%, then the Snowball Digital Coupon (i) will be equal to the sum of the 6.5% coupon for 
the fifth Interest Valuation Date (i=5) and the coupon of 6.5% which has not been paid in the 
previous year 4 (i=4) (the memory effect). 
Therefore, on the last Interest Payment Date, the Holder of Notes will receive a Snowball 
Digital Coupon of 13% (being equal to 6.5% + 6.5% due to the memory effect) of the 
Calculation Amount per Note. 
1.5 
General Definitions for SPS Payouts 
Cap Percentage means the percentage equal to, or higher than, 0% of the Strike Level as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, which is used in SPS Final Payout  – Vanilla Call Notes and in SPS Final 
Payout  - Reverse Convertible Notes (if a Knock-in Event has occurred) to limit the value of the 
0%
50%
100%
150%
200%
On the
Strike Date
1
2
3
4
5
Underlying Reference 
Value
Interest Valuation Dates
Payment of an 
annual coupon 
of 6.50%
70%
Snowball
Level
Payment of an 
annual coupon 
of 6.50%
Payment of an 
annual coupon 
of 6.50%
Payment of a coupon of 
6.50% + 6.50% = 13%
No Payment
Memory effect
96%
89%
78%
60%
90%

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
 
optional component. The Put Option will apply and possibly reduce the Payout, such Put Option being 
capped by the Cap Percentage. A lower Cap Percentage results in a higher potential amount payable 
under the Payout. A higher Cap Percentage results in a lower potential amount payable under the 
Payout; 
Constant Percentage 1 means the percentage, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which 
is used to calculate the fixed component of the SPS Final Payout – Reverse Convertible Notes (in case 
no Knock-in Event has occurred), of the SPS Final Payout – Vanilla Call Notes or of the Autocall 
Notes. A lower Constant Percentage 1 results in a lower potential amount payable under the Payout. 
A higher Constant Percentage 1 results in a higher potential amount payable under the Payout; 
Constant Percentage 2 means the percentage, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which 
is used to calculate the optional component of the SPS Final Payout – Reverse Convertible Notes (if a 
Knock-in Event has occurred) or of the Autocall Notes. A lower Constant Percentage 2 results in a 
lower potential amount payable under the Payout. A higher Constant Percentage 2 results in a higher 
potential amount payable under the Payout; 
Constant Percentage 3 means the percentage, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which 
is used to calculate the optional component of the Autocall Notes. A lower Constant Percentage 3 
results in a lower potential amount payable under the Payout. A higher Constant Percentage 3 results 
in a higher potential amount payable under the Payout; 
Floor Percentage means the percentage, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which is 
used to floor the optional component of the SPS Final Payout – Reverse Convertible Notes (if a Knock-
in Event has occurred) or of the SPS Final Payout – Vanilla Call Notes. In the case of the SPS Final 
Payout – Reverse Convertible Notes, assuming a positive Gearing, a lower Floor Percentage results in 
a higher potential amount payable under the Payout and a higher Floor Percentage results in a lower 
potential amount payable under the Payout. In the case of the SPS Final Payout  – Vanilla Call Notes, 
assuming a positive Gearing, a lower Floor Percentage results in a lower potential amount payable 
under the Payout and a higher Floor Percentage results in a higher potential amount payable under the 
Payout; 
Gearing means the percentage, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which is used to 
calculate the optional component of the SPS Final Payout – Reverse Convertible Notes (if a Knock-in 
Event has occurred) or of the SPS Final Payout – Vanilla Call Notes. Such multiplication factor is 
used to determine the exposure of the Security to the optional component of such Payouts. In the case 
of the SPS Final Payout – Reverse Convertible Notes, a lower Gearing results in a higher potential 
amount payable under the Payout and a higher Gearing results in a lower potential amount payable 
under the Payout. In the case of the SPS Final Payout  – Vanilla Call Notes, a lower Gearing results 
in a lower potential amount payable under the Payout and a higher Gearing results in a higher potential 
amount payable under the Payout; 
NA means, in respect of a Note, the Calculation Amount per Note, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Rate(i) means, in respect of an Interest Valuation Date; the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
Redemption Payout means the SPS Final Payout as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
SPS Final Payout means the final payouts as described under 1.1 of this Annex. 
SPS Valuation Date means each Valuation Date, Knock-in Determination Day, Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date or Strike Date, specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
 
SPS Valuation Period means each period specified as such or Knock-in Determination Period 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Strike Percentage means the percentage, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, used as 
strike in the optional component of the SPS Final Payout – Reverse Convertible Notes (if a Knock-in 
Event has occurred) or of SPS Final Payout – Vanilla Call Notes. In the case of the SPS Final Payout  
– Reverse Convertible Notes, a lower Strike Percentage results in a higher potential amount payable 
under the Payout and a higher Strike Percentage results in a lower potential amount payable under the 
Payout. In the case of the SPS Final Payout  – Vanilla Call Notes, a lower Strike Percentage results in 
a higher potential amount payable under the Payout and a higher Strike Percentage results in a lower 
potential amount payable under the Payout; and 
Underlying Reference means, for the purposes of the SPS Payouts, each Index or each Share to which 
the relevant securities relate. 
1.6 
Basic Value Definitions for SPS Payouts 
Best Value means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the highest Single Underlying Reference Value 
for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such SPS Valuation Date; 
Worst Value means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the lowest Single Underlying Reference 
Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such SPS Valuation Date; 
Basket Value means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each 
Underlying Reference in the Basket as (a) the Single Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant Underlying Reference 
Weighting; 
Final Redemption Value means (i) the Final Underlying Reference Value or (ii) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
Final Underlying Reference Value means, in respect of an Underlying, the Underlying Reference 
Value on the Redemption Valuation Date; 
Underlying Reference Value means, (i) the Single Underlying Reference Value or (ii) the Basket 
Value or (iii) the Best Value or (iv) the Worst Value; 
Underlying Reference Weighting means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, amount 
or percentage specified as such for such Underlying Reference in the applicable Final Terms; 
Single Underlying Reference Value means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS 
Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference 
in respect of such SPS Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price 
and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX 
Value; 
FX Value means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a day, Underlying Reference FX Level 
for such day divided by Underlying Reference FX Strike Level;  
Underlying Reference FX Level means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a day, the rate of 
exchange between the currencies (including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate 
of exchange is derived) and determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in 
the applicable Final Terms for such Underlying Reference on such day;

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
 
Underlying Reference FX Strike Level means in respect of an Underlying Reference: (a) the rate 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or (b) if FX Closing Level is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference on 
the Strike Date; 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date:  
(a) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, the Closing Level; or 
(b) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, the Closing Price, 
in each case in respect of such day; 
Underlying Reference Strike Price means, in respect of an Underlying Reference: (i) the amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or (ii) if Strike Price Closing Value is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference on the Strike Date;  
Underlying Reference Intraday Value means (i) the Single Underlying Reference Intraday Value or 
(ii) the Best Intraday Value or (ii) the Worst Intraday Value; 
Best Intraday Value means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the highest Single Underlying 
Reference Intraday Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such SPS Valuation 
Date; 
Worst Intraday Value means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the lowest Single Underlying 
Reference Intraday Value for any Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date; 
Single Underlying Reference Intraday Value means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
SPS Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant Underlying Reference 
Strike Price, and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
multiplied by FX Value; 
Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value means: (a) if the relevant Underlying Reference is an 
Index, the Intraday Level; or (b) if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, the Intraday Price; 
Intraday Price means, in respect of a Share and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the published 
or quoted price of such Share at such time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject 
to adjustments as provided in Condition 22; and 
Intraday Level means, in respect of an Index and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the level of 
such Index at such time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to adjustments 
as provided in Condition 21. 
Closing Price means, in respect of a Share and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing price of 
such Share on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to adjustments as provided in 
Condition 22. 
Closing Level means, in respect of an Index and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing level 
of such Index on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to adjustments as provided 
in Condition 21.

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
 
1.7 
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions  
Greatest Underlying Reference Value means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS 
Valuation Period, the highest Single Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference for 
all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
Lowest Underlying Reference Value means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS 
Valuation Period, the lowest Single Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference for 
all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
Greatest Underlying Reference Intraday Value means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Single Underlying Reference Intraday Value for such Underlying 
Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
Lowest Underlying Reference Intraday Value means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Single Underlying Reference Intraday Value for such Underlying 
Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
1.8 
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions  
Greatest Basket Value means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Basket Value for all 
the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
Greatest Best Value means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Best Value for all the 
SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
Lowest Basket Value means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Basket Value for all 
the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
Lowest Worst Value means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Worst Value for all the 
SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
Greatest Best Intraday Value means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Best Intraday 
Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
Lowest Worst Intraday Value means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Worst 
Intraday Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period 
2. 
FORMULAE CONSTITUENTS AND COMPLETION 
The constituent parts (each a Formula Constituent) of any formula (each a Formula) used in the SPS 
Payout Conditions and which are to be specified in the applicable Final Terms may be replaced in the 
applicable Final Terms by the prescribed amount, level, percentage or other value, as applicable for 
such Formula Constituent. 
If a Formula Constituent has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not applicable in respect of the 
relevant Notes, then the related Formula may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms by deleting 
such Formula Constituent. 
3. 
CALCULATION AGENT 
The calculation or determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, 
circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion 
required or permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
Notes shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the Holders.

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any determination it may, to the extent permitted 
by any applicable law, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. In performing 
its duties pursuant to the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall, unless otherwise specified, act in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation 
Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or its discretion under the Notes shall 
not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or 
discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct 
and gross negligence, bear any liability (to the extent permitted by any applicable law) in respect of, 
or consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance.

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
 
ANNEX 2 
Additional provisions applicable to Index Linked Redemption Notes, Equity Linked Redemption 
Notes and Index Linked Interest Notes 
1. 
Pay Off Formulae for Index Linked Redemption Notes 
This Part 1 of Annex 2 applies to Index Linked Redemption Notes. For the purposes of this Part 1 of 
Annex 2, Underlying shall mean an Index or Indices.  The Early Redemption Amount or Final 
Redemption Amount for Index Linked Redemption Notes shall be determined by the Issuer, or an 
agent appointed by it, in accordance with the below. 
(a) 
Autocall 
When Autocall is specified as applicable as a formula in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if, on any Observation Date(t), the closing price of the Underlying is greater than or 
equal to the Autocall Trigger Level, the Notes will be automatically redeemed on the 
Early Redemption Date(t) at their nominal amount multiplied by the Percentage 
Multiplier which is specified as being applicable to the Observation Date(t) (where t = 
1, 2, 3 etc.) in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if the Notes have not been redeemed early as provided in paragraph (i) above and, 
(A) 
on the final Observation Date, the closing price of the Underlying is greater 
than or equal to the Lower Threshold Level, the Notes will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at their nominal amount multiplied by the Lower Threshold 
Multiplier; or 
(B) 
on the final Observation Date, the closing price of the Underlying is greater 
than or equal to the Threshold Level, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at their nominal amount multiplied by the Threshold 
Multiplier; or 
(C) 
otherwise, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination x (Final Percentage Multiplier) x ቀ
Final Price
Initial Priceቁ 
Where: 
Autocall Trigger Level means the percentage of the Initial Price specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Early Redemption Date means each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Final Price means the closing price of the Underlying on the Maturity Date. 
Final Percentage Multiplier means the multiplier specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Initial Price means the closing price of the Underlying on the Issue Date.

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
 
Lower Threshold Level means the percentage of the Initial Price specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Lower Threshold Multiplier means the multiplier specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Percentage Multiplier means, for each Observation Date, the multiplier 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Threshold Level means the percentage of the Initial Price specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Threshold Multiplier means the multiplier specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
When Autocall with Spread is specified as applicable as a formula in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(i) 
if, on any Observation Date(t), the closing price of the Underlying is greater than or 
equal to the Autocall Trigger Level (as defined in 1(a) above), the Notes will be 
automatically redeemed on the Early Redemption Date(t) (as defined in 1(a) above) 
(where t = 1, 2, 3 etc.) at the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x ൣ100% + ൫Multiplier + (Multiplier x t)൯൧; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Notes have not been redeemed early as provided in (i) above and, 
(A) 
on the final Observation Date(t), the Spread(t) is equal to or greater than the 
Autocall Trigger Level, the notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 
the Final Redemption Amount in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Redemption Amount = Specified Denomination x ൣ100% + ൫Multiplier + (Multiplier x t)൯൧; 
or 
(B) 
otherwise the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at their nominal 
amount multiplied by the Final Percentage Multiplier. 
Where: 
A Index0 means the closing price of the Underlying on the Issue Date. 
A Index(t) means the closing price of the Underlying on the Observation Date(t). 
B Index0 means the closing price of the Underlying on the Issue Date. 
B Index(t) means the closing price of the Underlying on the Observation Date(t). 
Final Percentage Multiplier means the multiplier specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
 
Multiplier means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Spread(t) is calculated using the following formula: 
Spread
0
0
B Index
B Index
A Index
A Index
t
t
(t)
−
=
 
(c) 
Lookback 
When Lookback is specified as applicable as a formula in the applicable Final Terms, unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Final Redemption Amount payable by 
the Issuer on the Maturity Date will be an amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Specified Denomination × [100% + Multiplier × Max ቄFloor Level;
IndexxEmean− IndexEinitial
IndexEnitial
ቅ] 
Where: 
Floor Level means the percentage value which defines the lower threshold for the purposes 
of the relevant calculation, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Index x Emean means the arithmetic mean of the x highest closing levels of the Index out of all 
of the Observation Dates; 
Index Einitial means the closing level of the Index on the Issue Date. 
Multiplier means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
x has the value ascribed to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Short-term Lookback 
When Short-term Lookback is specified as applicable as a formula in the applicable Final 
Terms, unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Final Redemption 
Amount payable by the Issuer on the Maturity Date will be the amount determined in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination x Multiplier ÷ 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 (Cap Level x 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 (Floor Level;Index Performance);Short −
term Look back Multiplier)  
Where: 
Cap Level means the percentage value which defines the upper threshold for the purposes of 
the relevant calculation, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor Level means the percentage value which defines the lower threshold for the purposes 
of the relevant calculation, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
IndexAverage means the arithmetic mean of the monthly closing levels of the Index for the last 
x months, as determined by the Calculation Agent on each Observation Date.

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
 
IndexInitial means the closing level of the Index on the Issue Date. 
Index Performance means 






−1
Index
Index
Initial
Average
 
Multiplier means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Short-term Lookback Multiplier means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
x has the value ascribed to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Double Win 
When Double Win is specified as applicable as a formula in the applicable Final Terms unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Final Redemption Amount payable by 
the Issuer on the Maturity Date will be the amount determined as follows: 
(i) 
If during the Observation Period the Index has never gone below the Barrier Level 
and on the Final Valuation Date the IndexFinal is greater than or equal to IndexInitial, 
then the Final Redemption Amount per Specified Denomination will be: 
Specified Denomination × ൥1 + Max ቈFloor Level; 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀ቆCap Level ቀ
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑛𝑛𝑛𝑛𝑛𝑛𝑛𝑛𝑛𝑛𝑛𝑛−1ቁቇ቉൩ 
(ii) 
If during the Observation Period the Index has never gone below the Barrier Level 
and on the Final Valuation Date the IndexFinal is less than IndexInitial, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Specified Denomination will be: 
Specified Denomination × ቂ1 + ቀ1 −
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼ቁቃ 
(iii) 
If during the Observation Period the Index has gone below the Barrier Level and on 
the Final Valuation Date the IndexFinal is less than IndexInitial, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Specified Denomination will be: 
Specified Denomination × 100% 
(iv) 
If during the Observation Period the Index has gone below the Barrier Level and on 
the Final Valuation Date the IndexFinal is greater than IndexInitial, then the Final 
Redemption Amount per Specified Denomination will be: 
Specified Denomination × ൥1 + Max ቈFloor Level; 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀ቆCap Level ቀ
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼−1ቁቇ቉൩ 
Barrier Level means the Barrier Level Multiplier multiplied by the IndexInitial. 
Barrier Level Multiplier means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Cap Level means the percentage value which defines the upper threshold for the 
purposes of the relevant calculation, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
 
Final Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor Level means the percentage value which defines the lower threshold for the 
purposes of the relevant calculation, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
IndexInitial means the closing level of the Index on the Issue Date. 
IndexFinal means the closing level of the Index on the Final Valuation Date. 
Observation Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
Triple Index 
(i) 
Where Triple Index is specified as applicable as a formula in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(A) 
If on any Observation Date(t) the Relevant Priceit is greater than or equal to 
Relevant Pricei0, (for i = 1 to 3), then the Notes will be redeemed on the Early 
Redemption Date(t) at the amount determined as follows: 
Specified Denomination x [100% + (Multiplier x t)] 
where t = (1, 2, 3 etc.) 
(B) 
If the Notes have not been redeemed early as provided in paragraph (A) above 
and: 
I. 
on the final Observation Date(t), the Relevant Priceit ≥ Relevant 
Pricei0, (for i = 1 to 3), then the Notes will be redeemed as follows: 
Specified Denomination x [100% + (Multiplier x t)] 
II. 
otherwise, the Notes will be redeemed at 100% 
Where: 
Early Redemption Date(t) means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Multiplier means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Relevant Price(t) means a value based on the closing level of Index(i) on the 
Observation Date(t). 
Relevant Priceit means the closing level of Index(i) on the Observation Date(t). 
Relevant Pricei0 means the closing level of the Index(i) on the Issue Date.

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
 
(g) 
Asian Call 
When Asian Call is specified as applicable as a formula in the applicable Final Terms, unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Final Redemption Amount payable by 
the Issuer on the Maturity Date will be an amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
100% + 𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀𝑀 ቈFloor Level; Multipler x ቂ
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼−1ቃ቉ 
Where: 
Cap Level means the percentage value which defines the upper threshold for the purposes of 
the relevant calculation, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floor Level means the percentage value which defines the lower threshold for the purposes 
of the relevant calculation, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
IndexInitial means the closing level of the Index on the Issue Date. 
IndexAverage means the arithmetic mean as determined by the Calculation Agent of the closing 
level of the Index on each Observation Date. 
Multiplier means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Observation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Pay Off Formula for Equity Linked Redemption Notes 
This Part 2 of Annex 2 applies to Equity Linked Redemption Notes.  For the purposes of this Part 2 of 
Annex 2, Underlying shall mean a Share or Shares.  The Final Redemption Amount shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
If on the final Observation Date, the closing price of the Underlying is greater than or equal 
to the Strike, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100% of their nominal 
amount; or 
(b) 
If on the final Observation Date, the closing price of the Underlying is lower than the Strike, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date by delivery of a number of Shares determined 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Specified Denomination/Initial Price 
Where: 
Initial Price means the closing price of the Underlying on the Issue Date. 
Share(s) means the share(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, which, in the case 
of Notes other than Exempt Notes, will not be shares in the Issuer or in an entity 
belonging to the Issuer's group and will not consist in equity of a third party issuer 
that is not admitted to trading on a regulated market (within the meaning of the 
Prospectus Regulation). 
Strike means the percentage of the Initial Price specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
 
3. 
Pay Off Formula for Inflation Linked Interest Notes 
This Part 3 of Annex 2 applies to Inflation Linked Interest Notes. 
The Interest Amount for each Interest Period shall be calculated on the Interest Determination Date 
(specified in the applicable Final Terms) by the Calculation Agent in accordance with following 
formula: 
Level}
 
Cap
 ];
Inflation)
 
Perf
 
Annual
 
Level;
(Floor 
 
[ 
{
 
Multiplier
Percentage
on 
Denominati
 
Specified
Max
Min
×
×
 
Where: 
Annual Perf Inflation means 








−
Initial
HICP
Initial
HICP
Final
HICP
 
Cap Level means the percentage value which defines the upper threshold for the purposes of the 
relevant calculation, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of those member states of the European Union that have 
adopted or will have adopted from time to time, the single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on March 25, 1957), as amended by the Treaty 
on European Union (signed in Maastricht on February 7, 1992) and the Amsterdam Treaty of October 
2, 1997, as further amended. 
Floor Level means the percentage value which defines the lower threshold for the purposes of the 
relevant calculation, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
HICP means the Unrevised Harmonised Indices of Consumer Prices (excluding tobacco) of the Euro-
zone (HICP), as published for every month by EUROSTAT (Eurostat, Statistical Office of the 
European Communities) and displayed on the Bloomberg screen page CPTFEMU or any successor 
page thereto. 
HICPInitial means the HICP fixing level for each month which is 15 months prior to the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Period. 
HICPFinal means the HICP fixing level for each month which is 3 months prior to the Interest Payment 
Date relating to such Interest Period. 
PercentageMultiplier means the percentage multiplier specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
 
ANNEX 3 
Additional provisions applicable to Credit Linked Notes 
 Clause 
Pag 
 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes.................................................................................................. 325 
2. 
Auction Settlement ............................................................................................................................ 325 
3. 
Cash Settlement ................................................................................................................................. 326 
4. 
Physical Settlement ........................................................................................................................... 327 
5. 
Portfolio Credit Linked Notes ........................................................................................................... 329 
6. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension .................................................................................................. 330 
7. 
Grace Period Extension ..................................................................................................................... 331 
8. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension ................................................................ 332 
9. 
Maturity Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked Notes ............................................................ 332 
10. 
Partial Cash Settlement ..................................................................................................................... 333 
11. 
Settlement Suspension ....................................................................................................................... 336 
12. 
Redemption following a Merger Event ............................................................................................. 337 
13. 
Definitions ......................................................................................................................................... 337 
14. 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event ....................................................................... 383 
15. 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation ............................................................................ 384 
16. 
Determinations and Notices .............................................................................................................. 384 
17. 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions in accordance with Market Convention .......................... 384 
18. 
Early redemption or exercise of Reference Obligation Only Notes following a Substitution Event 385 
19. 
DC Resolution Adjustment Events .................................................................................................... 385 
20. 
Hedging Disruption ........................................................................................................................... 385 
21. 
Physical Settlement Matrix ............................................................................................................... 386 
22. 
Provisions taken from the 2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(published on 15 September 2014) .................................................................................................... 387 
23. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations" (published on 8 December 2017) ................................................................ 388 
24. 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions ............................................................................. 389

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as Credit Linked Notes shall comprise the terms and conditions of the Notes (the 
Notes Conditions) and the Additional provisions applicable to Credit Linked Notes set out below (the Credit 
Linked Conditions), in each case together with the additional provisions contained in any of the other 
Annexes to the Notes Conditions that are specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to the Notes and 
subject, in each case, to completion in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable) and, 
in the case of Exempt Notes only, supplement or amendment in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  In the case 
of Credit Linked Notes which are Exempt Notes, in the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Notes 
Conditions, and (ii) the Credit Linked Conditions, the Credit Linked Conditions shall prevail.  In the case of 
Credit Linked Notes which are not Exempt Notes, in the event of any inconsistency between the Notes 
Conditions, and (ii) the Credit Linked Conditions, the Notes Conditions, shall prevail.  In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Notes Conditions and/or the Credit Linked Conditions and (ii) the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall prevail. 
Unless otherwise stated in these Credit Linked Conditions or in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 
any day specified in the section "Credit Linked Notes" in the applicable Final Terms or the last day of any 
period calculated by reference to calendar days falls on a day that is not a Business Day, such day or last day 
shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Credit Linked Business Day Convention. 
In the case of Credit Linked Notes for which more than one Reference Entity is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, all references to "the Reference Entity" herein shall be construed to refer to the Reference Entity 
in respect of which the relevant determination falls to be made at any relevant time and all related provisions 
and determinations will be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt no Credit Linked Notes will be considered frustrated, or otherwise void or voidable 
(whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date; 
and/or 
(b) 
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or cease to exist on 
or following, the Trade Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the application of any of Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8, 9, and 11 below shall 
not preclude the application of any other such Credit Linked Condition either contemporaneously or 
subsequently and in the event that any such Credit Linked Conditions are inconsistent or the Calculation Agent 
becomes entitled to exercise a discretion under one or more of such Credit Linked Conditions, the Calculation 
Agent may elect in its discretion which Credit Linked Condition shall apply and under which Credit Linked 
Condition or Credit Linked Conditions it shall exercise its discretion. 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled and subject as provided in Credit Linked 
Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3, Credit Linked Condition 4, Credit Linked Condition 5 and 
Credit Linked Condition 18, as applicable, each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms will be redeemed by the Issuer at its relevant 
Final Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
2. 
Auction Settlement 
Where Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Final 
Terms and a Credit Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall give notice (such notice an Auction Settlement Notice) to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Notes Condition 14 and, subject to (i) any adjustment in accordance

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
 
with Credit Linked Condition 14 and (ii) any prior redemption in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 18, redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay in respect of each nominal amount 
of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Credit Event Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the Credit Event Redemption 
Date. 
Unless settlement has occurred in accordance with the paragraph above, if: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where such No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraphs (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date, the Issuer has not exercised the Movement Option); 
(iii) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(iv) 
a Credit Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of the 
definition of Credit Event Determination Date or paragraph (a) of the definition of Non-
Standard Event Determination Date and no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has 
occurred in respect of the relevant Credit Event on or prior to the date falling three Business 
Days after such Credit Event Determination Date; or  
(v) 
if the Issuer (or an Affiliate acting on behalf of the Issuer) otherwise determines that this is 
appropriate by reference to its and/or any of its Affiliates' Hedging Arrangements, 
then: 
(A) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Cash Settlement is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 3 below; or 
(B) 
if Fallback Settlement Method – Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 4 below. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable or are 
cancelled in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 2, upon payment of the Credit Event 
Redemption Amounts in respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in 
respect of the Notes and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount may be less than the Calculation Amount of a Credit Linked 
Note.  Any shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
3. 
Cash Settlement 
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs, then where Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(A) above applies 
then, subject to any prior redemption in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18, the Issuer shall 
give notice (such notice a Cash Settlement Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Notes 
Condition 14 and redeem all but not some only of the Notes, and pay in respect of each nominal 
amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Credit Event Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the Credit Event 
Redemption Date.  If "Weighted Highest" is specified as the Valuation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Final Price used for the purposes of calculating the Credit Event Redemption Amount shall 
be calculated in respect of one or more Valuation Obligations (as defined below) selected by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion in lieu of the Reference Obligation.  For such purposes,

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
 
references to the term "Reference Obligation" in the definitions of "Final Price", "Quotation", 
"Quotation Amount", "Full Quotation", "Weighted Average Quotation" and all related definitions 
shall, as the case requires, be deemed to refer to each relevant Valuation Obligation.  Valuation 
Obligation means the relevant Reference Obligation and/or one or more Deliverable Obligations 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 3.  The Calculation 
Agent shall select the relevant Valuation Obligations and determine their respective weightings on or 
prior to the relevant Valuation Date, and for such purposes shall determine the applicable Deliverable 
Obligations in accordance with the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" in Credit Linked Condition 
13 below and terms relating to Physical Delivery below.  The Calculation Agent is not required to 
select more than one Valuation Obligation and may select the "cheapest" obligation of the Reference 
Obligation and/or Deliverable Obligations as the relevant Valuation Obligation(s).  Notwithstanding 
the fact that the Calculation Agent may determine the Deliverable Obligations for the purposes of 
selecting the Valuation Obligations, in no event will the Notes be physically settled and the Calculation 
Agent is not obliged to select any such Deliverable Obligations as Valuation Obligations. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable or are 
cancelled in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 3, upon payment of the Credit Event 
Redemption Amounts in respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in 
respect of the Notes and shall have no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount may be less than the Calculation Amount of a Credit Linked 
Note.  Any shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
4. 
Physical Settlement 
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs, then where Physical Delivery is specified as the 
applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms or if Credit Linked Condition 2(B) above 
applies then, subject to any prior redemption in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18, the Issuer 
shall, following the receipt of a Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice, give notice (such notice 
a Notice of Physical Settlement) to the Noteholders in accordance with Notes Condition 14 and 
redeem all but not some only of the Notes and Deliver in respect of each nominal amount of Credit 
Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, the Deliverable Obligations comprising the 
Entitlement on the Credit Settlement Date, subject to and in accordance with the Notes Conditions and 
these Credit Linked Conditions. The provisions of Notes Condition 5.7 will apply to the Notes in this 
case and references in Notes Condition 5.7 to the Asset Amount will be deemed to refer to the 
Entitlement and to Relevant Assets will be deemed to refer to the Deliverable Obligations. The Asset 
Transfer Notice requirements of Notes Condition 5.7 will apply to the delivery of the Entitlement to 
each Noteholder. 
The Notice of Physical Settlement shall include (i) details of the relevant Reference Entity, (ii) a 
description of each Deliverable Obligation comprising the Entitlement that the Issuer reasonably 
expects to Deliver and (iii) the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, or the equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case the relevant 
Outstanding Amount) and, if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation.  The 
aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement that the Issuer intends to Deliver shall be the relevant Aggregate Outstanding Amount.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be entitled to select any of the Deliverable Obligations to 
constitute the Entitlement, irrespective of their market value. 
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset 
Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the 
Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to the 
Credit Event Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable 
Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
(i) "Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or, 
(ii) "Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery" is specified as "See Physical Settlement Matrix" in the

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
 
applicable Final Terms and the relevant ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix states that the "2014 
Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions" 
is applicable, it shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond exists with respect to a Reference 
Entity that is a Sovereign (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA) and 
accordingly, Asset Package Delivery shall not apply thereto.  Where Asset Package Delivery applies, 
the provisions of paragraph (b) of the definition of "Deliver" below shall apply and the Calculation 
Agent may make any adjustment in relation to provisions for physical delivery and determination of 
the Entitlement that it determines to be necessary or desirable to take account of the relevant Asset 
Package. 
The Issuer may, from time to time, following receipt of a Calculation Agent Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, amend a Notice of Physical Settlement by delivering a notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Notes Condition 14 (each such notification, a Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice) that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, 
(to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice is effective).  A Physical Settlement Amendment Notice shall specify 
each replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer will Deliver (each, a Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation) and shall also specify the Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable 
Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced (with respect to each such Deliverable Obligation, the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount).  The Outstanding Amount of each 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in the Physical Settlement Amendment Notice shall be 
determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation 
Outstanding Amount.  The Outstanding Amount of the Replacement Deliverable Obligation(s) 
specified in any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice in aggregate with the Outstanding Amount 
of the Deliverable Obligation(s) specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any earlier Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice which, in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater than 
the Aggregate Outstanding Amount.  Each such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice must be 
effective on or prior to the Credit Settlement Date (determined without reference to any change 
resulting from such Physical Settlement Amendment Notice).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the 
Issuer may correct any errors or inconsistencies contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Notes Condition 14, prior to the relevant Delivery Date; and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable, the Issuer shall prior to the Delivery Date, notify the Noteholders (in accordance with Notes 
Condition 14) of the detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that the Issuer will Deliver in 
lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being understood 
in each case that any such notice of correction shall not constitute a Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice. 
If "Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Restructuring is the only Credit 
Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable 
Obligation may be included in the Entitlement only if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) 
has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date in each 
case as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging 
Arrangements. 
If "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Restructuring is the only 
Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a 
Deliverable Obligation may be included in the Entitlement only if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring

--- Page 329 ---
329 
 
 
Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines 
relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements.  For the purposes of this paragraph only and 
notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date 
on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be 
deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan 
immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Notes become redeemable or are 
cancelled in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 4, upon Delivery of the relevant 
Deliverable Obligations and/or payment of the Partial Cash Settlement Amounts, as the case may 
be, the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of the Notes and shall have no other 
liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof.  The value of such Deliverable Obligations 
and/or the Partial Cash Settlement Amount, as the case may be, may be less than the Calculation 
Amount of a Credit Linked Note.  Any shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and no liability 
shall attach to the Issuer. 
5. 
Portfolio Credit Linked Notes  
This Credit Linked Condition 5 applies only in respesct of Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, and in this 
case the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3 and Credit Linked 
Condition 4 will not apply.  
(a) 
Outstanding Nominal Amount Reduction 
If  a Credit Event Determination Date occurs with respect to a Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent 
will thereupon reduce the Outstanding Nominal Amount by an amount equal to the Credit Event 
Reduction Amount in respect of such Reference Entity with effect on and from the relevant Credit 
Event Determination Date (notwithstanding, where applicable, its later determination), and the Issuer 
will redeem each Note equal to the Calculation Amount on the Credit Event Redemption Date at the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount, provided that if within 45 calendar days of the date on 
which a Credit Event Determination Date occurs (or, in either case, if earlier, by the Maturity Date) in 
accordance with the definition thereof the relevant Credit Event Determination Date is subsequently 
deemed (A) to have occurred on a different date or (B) not to have occurred, the reduction of the 
Outstanding Nominal Amount shall be deemed to have taken effect on such different date or, as 
applicable, shall be reversed and the Notes shall continue in accordance with their terms on that basis, 
subject in either case to such adjustment(s) as the Calculation Agent determines in accordance with 
the definition of Credit Event Determination Date. 
For the purposes of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date in Credit Linked Condition 13, 
Auction Settlement will be deemed to be the applicable Settlement Method in respect of the Credit 
Linked Notes.  
Subject as provided above and in Credit Linked Condition 14, a Credit Event Notice may only be 
delivered on one occasion and a Credit Event Determination Date may occur once only in each case 
with respect to any Reference Entity (unless subsequent to the occurrence of a Credit Event 
Determination Date with respect to any Reference Entity, that Reference Entity becomes the Successor 
to one or more other Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has not 
occurred, in which case a Credit Event Determination Date may occur again). 
As soon as practicable after a Credit Event Determination Date, the Issuer will notify the Noteholders 
of the occurrence of a Credit Event in accordance with Notes Condition 14.  The Issuer will also give 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Notes Condition 14 if the relevant Credit Event 
Determination Date is deemed not to have occurred (in each case as applicable) as soon as practicable 
thereafter.

--- Page 330 ---
330 
 
 
If on the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, the Outstanding Nominal Amount is equal 
to zero and the relevant reduction is not reversed as provided above, the Issuer's obligations in respect 
of the Notes will be discharged and the Issuer will have no further liability in respect thereof.  The 
Issuer will notify the Noteholders of this as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Notes 
Condition 14. 
For the avoidance of doubt any failure by the Issuer to provide a notice pursuant to this Credit Linked 
Condition 5 will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes and will not affect the validity of 
any of the above provisions. 
Notwithstanding any provision of the Credit Linked Conditions, where Reference Entities are 
determined by reference to an Index then the Calculation Agent may (but is not required to) elect to 
follow the determination of the relevant Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
purposes of identifying any Substitute Reference Obligation(s) or Successor(s) in relation to any 
Reference Entity instead of applying the relevant provisions set out in the Credit Linked Conditions. 
If a Credit Event Determination Date occurs, the Notes will not be redeemed by payment or delivery 
of any amount or asset and instead the Outstanding Nominal Amount will be reduced in accordance 
with this Credit Linked Condition 5, proportionately to the weighting of the relevant Reference 
Entity, and (other than in the case of Zero Recovery Portfolio Credit Linked Notes) the applicable 
Final Price or Auction Final Price, thereby reducing the amounts repayable to Noteholders. In the 
event that the Outstanding Nominal Amount is reduced to zero, the Issuer's obligations in respect 
of the Notes will be discharged and the Issuer will have no further liability in respect thereof. 
(b) 
Interest  
If the Portfolio Credit Linked Notes are interest-bearing Notes, for the purposes of Notes Condition 4, 
and notwithstanding anything to the contrary therein, interest shall be calculated on: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the Outstanding Nominal Amount 
as of the last day of the relevant period for which the interest is being calculated multiplied by 
the number of Notes of the Calculation Amount represented by such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, the Outstanding Nominal Amount as of the last day of 
the relevant period for which the interest is being calculated. 
6. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
If "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as a Credit Event in the applicable Final Terms, the 
provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6 shall apply. 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date 
but the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition has been satisfied on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or, if Credit Linked Condition 9(y) applies, the Postponed Cut-Off Date (as defined in 
Credit Linked Condition 9) and the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date in respect of such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, fall after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with 
Notes Condition 14 that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and: 
(i) 
where a (A) Repudiation/Moratorium has not occurred on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date or (B) a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on 
or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date but a Credit Event Determination 
Date has not occurred:

--- Page 331 ---
331 
 
 
(A) 
each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount or, in the case of Portfolio Credit Linked 
Notes, where applicable at the Credit Event Redemption Amount in each case on the 
fifth Business Day following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest 
calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only 
be obliged to make such payment of interest on the fifth Business Day following the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date and no further or other amount in respect 
of interest shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of 
such delay; or 
(ii) 
where a Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date and a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked Condition 3, Credit Linked Condition 4 or Credit Linked 
Condition 5, as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes. 
7. 
Grace Period Extension 
If "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions of 
this Credit Linked Condition 7 shall apply. 
Where a Credit Event Determination Date has not occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date 
but, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred with respect 
to one or more Obligation(s) in respect of which a Grace Period is applicable on or prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (and such Grace Period(s) is/are continuing as at the Scheduled Maturity 
Date), then the Calculation Agent shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Notes Condition 14 
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and: 
(i) 
where (A) a Failure to Pay has not occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date or 
(B) a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date but a Credit 
Event Determination Date has not occurred: 
(A) 
each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be redeemed by 
the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount or, in the case of Portfolio Credit Linked 
Notes, where applicable at the Credit Event Redemption Amount in each case on the 
fifth Business Day following the Grace Period Extension Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest 
calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only 
be obliged to make such payment of interest on the fifth Business Day following the 
Grace Period Extension Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest 
shall be payable and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; 
or 
(ii) 
where a Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Grace Period Extension Date and a 
Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 2, 
Credit Linked Condition 3, Credit Linked Condition 4 or Credit Linked Condition 5, as 
applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 332 ---
332 
 
 
8. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Extension 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Credit Event Resolution Request Date or a Potential 
Credit Event has occurred and the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made its 
determination on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date then the Calculation Agent shall notify 
Noteholders in accordance with Notes Condition 14 that the Maturity Date has been postponed to a 
date (the DC Determination Postponement Date) being the day falling five Business Days after: (i) 
if the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has occurred, 15 
Business Days following the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement; (ii) if the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has not occurred, the second Business Day 
following the relevant DC No Credit Event Announcement; or, as applicable, (iii) 15 Business Days 
following the DC Credit Event Question Dismissal (the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement, DC No Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Dismissal, as applicable, the 
DC Determination Cut-off Date) and: 
(i) 
where (A) a Credit Event has not occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date 
or (B) a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date but a 
Credit Event Determination Date does not occur: 
(A) 
each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will 
be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount or, in the case of Portfolio 
Credit Linked Notes, where applicable at the Credit Event Redemption Amount in 
each case on the DC Determination Postponement Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest 
calculated as provided herein, accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or if none the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only 
be obliged to make such payment of interest on the DC Determination Postponement 
Date and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable and no 
additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(ii) 
where a Credit Event has occurred on or prior to the DC Determination Cut-off Date and a 
Credit Event Determination Date occurs, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit 
Linked Condition 3, Credit Linked Condition 4, or Credit Linked Condition 5, as applicable, 
shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes. 
9. 
Maturity Date Extension in the case of Credit Linked Notes 
The following provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 9 apply to Credit Linked Notes and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, may be applied on more than one occasion: 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 11, if: 
(x) 
on or prior to (A) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (B), if applicable, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date, (C) if Grace Period Extension is specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Grace Period Extension Date, (D) the last day of the Notice Delivery Period or (E) 
if applicable, the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, a Credit Event 
Determination Date has not occurred but a Credit Event or Potential Credit Event may have 
occurred or may occur; or 
(y) 
on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium may have 
occurred or may occur,

--- Page 333 ---
333 
 
 
the Calculation Agent may at its option notify the Noteholders in accordance with Notes Condition 14 
that (A) in the case of (x) above, the redemption of the Notes has been postponed and the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, the Grace Period Extension Date, the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (which for these purposes shall apply in the case of both (x)(A) and (x)(D) above) or 
the DC Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be, has been postponed to the Postponed Cut-Off 
Date (as defined below) or (B) in the case of (y) above, the redemption of the Notes has been 
postponed; and: 
where: 
(i) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(x), a Credit Event Determination Date has not 
occurred on or prior to the Postponed Cut-Off Date or, in the case of Credit Linked Condition 
9(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is not satisfied on or prior to the 
Postponed Cut-Off Date: 
(A) 
subject as provided below, each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount or, in the 
case of Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, where applicable at the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount in each case on the Postponed Maturity Date; and 
(B) 
in the case of interest bearing Notes, the Issuer shall be obliged to pay interest 
calculated as provided herein accruing from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall only 
be obliged to make such payment of interest on the Postponed Maturity Date (as 
defined below) and no further or other amount in respect of interest shall be payable 
and no additional amount shall be payable in respect of such delay; or 
(ii) 
where: 
(A) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(x), a Credit Event Determination Date occurs 
on or prior to the Postponed Cut-Off Date, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 
2, Credit Linked Condition 3, Credit Linked Condition 4 or Credit Linked Condition 
5, as applicable, shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes; or 
(B) 
in the case of Credit Linked Condition 9(y), the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition is satisfied on or prior to the Postponed Cut-Off Date, the provisions of 
Credit Linked Condition 6 shall apply to the Credit Linked Notes. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Postponed Cut-off Date means (i) in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(x), the fifteenth (15th) 
Business Day after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date, the Grace Period Extension Date, the last day of the Notice Delivery Period or the DC 
Determination Cut-off Date, as the case may be; or (ii) in the case of Credit Linked Condition 8(y), 
the fifteenth (15th) Business Day after the Scheduled Maturity Date or, in each case, if such day is not 
a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
Postponed Maturity Date means the fifth Business Day following the Postponed Cut-off Date. 
10. 
Partial Cash Settlement 
If all or a portion of the Obligations comprising the Entitlement are Undeliverable Obligations and/or 
Hedge Disruption Obligations that have not been Delivered by the Final Delivery Date, the Issuer shall 
give notice (a Partial Cash Settlement Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Notes

--- Page 334 ---
334 
 
 
Condition 14 and the Issuer shall pay in respect of each Undeliverable Obligation and/or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, the Partial Cash Settlement Amount on the Partial Cash 
Settlement Date. 
In the Partial Cash Settlement Notice, the Issuer must give details of why it is unable to deliver the 
relevant Undeliverable Obligations or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be. 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 10 only the following terms shall be defined as 
follows (unless, in the case of Exempt Notes only, otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
Indicative Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each quotation obtained from 
a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time for (to the extent reasonably practicable) an amount of the 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be, equal to the Quotation 
Amount, which reflects such Quotation Dealer's reasonable assessment of the price of such 
Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, based on such factors 
as such Quotation Dealer may consider relevant, which may include historical prices and recovery 
rates. 
Market Value means, with respect to an Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, 
as the case may be, on a Valuation Date, (i) if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the 
arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and 
lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then 
one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (ii) if exactly three Full Quotations 
are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of 
such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (iii) if exactly two Full Quotations are 
obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (iv) if fewer than two Full Quotations are 
obtained and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; (v) if 
Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and exactly three 
Indicative Quotations are obtained, the Indicative Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest 
and lowest Indicative Quotations (and, if more than one such Indicative Quotations have the same 
highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Indicative Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(vi) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained 
(and, if Indicative Quotations are applicable, fewer than three Indicative Quotations are obtained) then, 
subject to paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the next Business Day on which at least two Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation or, if applicable, three Indicative Quotations are obtained; and (vii) if fewer than 
two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is obtained (and, if Indicative 
Quotations are applicable, fewer than three Indicative Quotations are obtained) on the same Business 
Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Market Value shall be 
any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business 
Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations (or, if applicable, 
Indicative Quotations) for the Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case 
may be, obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with 
respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained 
and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations 
(or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) were not obtained on such day. 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount is deemed to be, for an Undeliverable Obligation or a Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
greater of (i) (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable Amount or the Currency 
Amount, as applicable, of each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case 
may be, multiplied by (B) the Final Price with respect to such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, determined as provided in this Credit Linked Condition, 
less (C) Unwind Costs, if any, (but excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in

--- Page 335 ---
335 
 
 
calculating the relevant Entitlement), and (ii) zero, provided that where (i) a relevant Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation forms part of the Asset Package and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent determines in its sole discretion that a Final Price cannot be reasonably determined in respect 
of such Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation, then the Partial Cash Settlement 
Amount (i) shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion equal to the 
fair market value of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation less 
Unwind Costs, if any, (but excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the 
relevant Entitlement) by reference to such source(s) as it determines appropriate and (ii) may be zero. 
Partial Cash Settlement Date is deemed to be the date falling three Business Days after (a) the date 
on which the Calculation Agent determines that the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition apply 
to the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation or, if later, (b) the calculation 
of the Final Price. 
Quotation means each Full Quotation, the Weighted Average Quotation and, if Indicative Quotations 
are specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, each Indicative Quotation obtained and 
expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligation with respect to a 
Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation 
Date from five or more Quotation Dealers.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two 
or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a 
Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business 
Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Quotation 
Dealers, and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation.  
If two or more such Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation are not available on 
any such Business Day and Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain three Indicative Quotations from 
five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation (or, if Indicative Quotations are specified as applying in the applicable 
Final Terms, three Indicative Quotations) on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth 
Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business 
Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations (or, if 
applicable, Indicative Quotations) for the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on 
such tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for 
which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations) were 
not obtained on such day. 
(c) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with the specification or determination made 
pursuant to the definition of Accrued Interest in Credit Linked Condition 13 below. 
Quotation Amount is deemed to be, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation 
or Hedge Disruption Obligation, as the case may be, an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates in effect 
at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of such Undeliverable 
Obligation or Hedge Disruption Obligations, as the case may be.

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
 
Quotation Method is deemed to be Bid. 
Reference Obligation is deemed to be each Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be. 
Valuation Method is deemed to be Highest unless fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained or a 
Weighted Average Quotation applies (or, if applicable, Indicative Quotations), in which case 
"Valuation Method" is deemed to be Market. 
Valuation Time is the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if no such time is 
specified, 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge 
Disruption Obligation, as the case may be. 
Weighted Average Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted 
average of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent 
reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the Undeliverable Obligation or the Hedge Disruption 
Obligation, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation Amount that in aggregate are 
approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
11. 
Settlement Suspension 
(i) 
Suspension 
Without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 9 above, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that the necessary conditions for determining a Credit Event Determination Date have 
occurred or may have occurred, the Calculation Agent may, at its option, determine that the 
applicable timing requirements of the Notes Conditions and these Credit Linked Conditions, 
including, without limitation, the definitions of Interest Payment Date, Credit Event 
Redemption Date, Valuation Date, Maturity Date, any other redemption or settlement date, 
Physical Settlement Period and PSN Cut-off Date and any other Credit Linked Condition 
provision(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent, shall toll and be suspended and remain 
suspended (such period of suspension, a Suspension Period) until (as applicable) the date of 
the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal or the 
Calculation Agent has determined that such necessary conditions or a Credit Event 
Determination Date have not occurred.  During such suspension period none of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any Noteholder are obliged to, nor are they entitled to, take any action 
in connection with the settlement of the Credit Linked Notes.  The relevant timing 
requirements of the Notes Conditions and these Credit Linked Conditions that have previously 
tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Business Day following the end of the 
Suspension Period with the Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the 
tolling or suspension began in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 11. 
In the event of any such Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent may make (x) such 
consequential or other adjustment(s) or determination(s) to or in relation to the Notes 
Conditions and these Credit Linked Conditions as may be desirable or required either during 
or following any relevant Suspension Period to account for or reflect such suspension and (y) 
determine the effective date of such adjustment(s) or determination(s). 
(ii) 
Interest 
In the case of interest bearing Notes:

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
 
(A) 
if a Suspension Period falls in any one or more Interest Period(s), then no interest (or 
any interest on any delayed payment of interest) shall accrue during each portion of 
an Interest Period during which a Suspension Period exists;  
(B) 
if an Interest Payment Date falls in a Suspension Period, such Interest Payment Date 
will be deferred until such date as determined by the Calculation Agent falling no 
earlier than the first Payment Day and no later than the fifth Payment Day following 
the end of the Suspension Period, all subject to the provisions of Notes Condition 4 
and Credit Linked Conditions 6, 7, 8 and 9; and 
(C) 
for the avoidance of doubt, no additional amount of interest will accrue or be payable 
as a result of any delayed payment of interest. 
12. 
Redemption following a Merger Event 
If "Merger Event" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Notes Condition 14, and redeem, as applicable, all but not some only 
of the Notes and pay in respect of each nominal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, 
the Merger Event Redemption Amount on the Merger Event Redemption Date. 
13. 
Definitions 
2.5-year Limitation Date has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation Date". 
10-year Limitation Date has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Limitation Date". 
Accrued Interest means for the purpose of these Credit Linked Conditions:  
(a) 
in respect of any Notes for which "Physical Delivery" is specified to be the Settlement Method 
in the applicable Final Terms (or for which Physical Delivery is applicable as the Fallback 
Settlement Method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2), the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which 
case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will 
include accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine in its reasonable 
discretion); 
(b) 
in respect of any Notes for which "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the applicable 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms (or for which Cash Settlement is applicable 
as the Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2), and: 
(i) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid 
interest; 
(ii) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid 
interest; or 
(iii) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then 
current market practice in the market of the Reference Obligation whether the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof; or

--- Page 338 ---
338 
 
 
(c) 
if Credit Linked Condition 10 applies, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the 
then current market practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation or Hedge 
Disruption Obligation (as applicable), whether such Quotations shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest. 
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly 
or indirectly under common control with the First Entity.  For these purposes control means ownership 
of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
Annex Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other 
consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid 
or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of 
being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists). 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined 
by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion 
received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event 
(which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may 
be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of Assets, the 
Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains 
nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
Asset Package Credit Event means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii) 
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and such Restructuring does not constitute 
a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
Associated Costs means an amount per nominal amount of the Notes equal to the Calculation Amount 
equal to such Notes' pro rata share of the total amount of any and all costs associated or incurred by 
the Issuer and/or any Affiliate in connection with the redemption or early redemption of the Notes, 
including, without limitation, any costs associated with unwinding, substituting, settling, re-
establishing and/or incurring any funding relating to the Notes and/or any costs associated with 
unwinding, substituting, settling, re-establishing and/or incurring any Hedging Arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 339 ---
339 
 
 
Auction shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
Auction Cancellation Date shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Covered Transaction shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Final Price means the lesser of (i) 100 per cent. and (ii) the Auction Final Price as shall be 
set forth or referred to in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Final Price Determination Date shall have the meaning as shall be set forth in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Settlement Date shall mean the date that is the number of Business Days as shall be specified 
in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, three Business Days) immediately following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. 
Auction Settlement Notice has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 2. 
Bankruptcy means the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they 
become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of 
its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in 
the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding 
or petition (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (ii) is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 calendar days of the institution or 
presentation thereof or before the Scheduled Maturity Date, whichever is earlier; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially 
all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 calendar 
days thereafter or before the Scheduled Maturity Date, whichever is earlier; or

--- Page 340 ---
340 
 
 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has any analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (g) 
above. 
Calculation Agent City Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the Calculation Agent City specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice means a notice by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer containing material information required to be included in a Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice to be given by the Issuer. 
Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer containing material information required to be included in a Notice of Physical Settlement to 
be given by the Issuer. 
Cash Settlement Notice has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 3. 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, 
in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees 
without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds, in each case as of each such date the Calculation Agent determines appropriate for purposes 
of the Hedging Arrangements provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will 
be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or 
the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant 
obligor if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required 
for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide 
that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.  Any requirement that notification of 
novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be 
considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation". 
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation below. 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Term means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms published by ISDA, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (and each a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee) means each committee established pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching 
certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative transactions. 
Credit Event means the occurrence of any one or more of the Credit Events specified in the applicable 
Final Terms which may include Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation 
Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention, or (in the case of 
Exempt Notes) any additional Credit Event specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based 
upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation;

--- Page 341 ---
341 
 
 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to 
any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
Credit Event Backstop Date means: 
(a) 
for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in paragraph (b) of the definition 
of Repudiation/Moratorium) for the purposes of the relevant Notes, as determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period, the Notice 
Delivery Date; and 
(ii) 
if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Post Dismissal Additional Period, the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, 
provided that, if Credit Event Backstop Date Amendment is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in the case of either sub-paragraph (a) or sub-paragraph (b), the Credit 
Event Backstop Date shall not occur prior to the Trade Date. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Credit Linked Business Day Convention. 
Credit Event Determination Date means, with respect to a Credit Event with respect to which: 
(a) 
Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (a)(ii) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period, provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, 
with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a)(i) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has 
occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to 
the Trade Date), such date falling on or after the Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date as may be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
and as specified by the Calculation Agent in the Credit Event Notice. 
(b) 
paragraph (a) of this definition does not apply, the Non-Standard Credit Event Determination 
Date,

--- Page 342 ---
342 
 
 
provided that no Credit Event Determination Date will occur, and any Credit Event Determination 
Date previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred, if, or to the 
extent that, prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, the Credit 
Settlement Date, the Credit Event Redemption Date or the Maturity Date, a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement Date occurs with respect to the relevant event. 
If, in accordance with the provisions above, (i) following the determination of a Credit Event 
Determination Date, such Credit Event Determination Date is deemed (A) to have occurred on a date 
that is different from the date that was originally determined to be the Credit Event Determination 
Date or (B) not to have occurred or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date is deemed to have occurred 
prior to one or more preceding Interest Payment Dates, the Calculation Agent will determine (1) such 
adjustment(s) to these Credit Linked Conditions (including any adjustment to payment amounts) as 
may be required to reflect (I) such deemed date of occurrence or (II) such deemed non-occurrence, of 
such Credit Event Determination Date and (2) the effective date of such adjustment(s).  For the 
avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be taken into account when calculating any adjustment 
to payment amounts. 
Credit Event Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer (which the Calculation 
Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or 
after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or 
the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred.  The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective.  . 
Credit Event Redemption Amount means (i) the amount in the Specified Currency specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) if no such amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (A) 
in the case of Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, the Outstanding Nominal Amount as of the Credit Event 
Redemption Date minus Unwind Costs or (B) in all other cases, an amount in the Specified Currency 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(A x B) – C 
where: 
"A" is the Calculation Amount; 
"B" is the Final Price or the Auction Final Price, as applicable; and 
"C" is Unwind Costs, 
provided that in no event shall the Credit Event Redemption Amount be less than zero. 
Credit Event Redemption Date means (A) in the case of Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, subject as 
provided in Credit Linked Condition 5, the Maturity Date, or (B) in all other cases, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 11, the day falling the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, ten (10) Business Days) following the 
latest of (i) the Auction Settlement Date or the calculation of the Final Price (if Cash Settlement applies 
or is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method) and (ii) the Credit Event Determination Date.

--- Page 343 ---
343 
 
 
Credit Event Reduction Amount means, in respect of a Reference Entity, an amount in the Specified 
Currency (rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention) calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to;  
(i) 
in the case of Zero Recovery Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, the product of (a) the Calculation 
Amount and (b) the Weighting in respect of such Reference Entity; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Market Recovery Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, the product of (a) the 
Calculation Amount, (b) the Weighting in respect of such Reference Entity and (c) 100% 
minus the Relevant Final Price in respect of such Reference Entity. 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date, 
as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
Credit Linked Business Day Convention means, for the purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions, 
the convention for adjusting any relevant date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business 
Day.  The following terms, when used in conjunction with the term "Credit Linked Business Day 
Convention" and a date, shall mean that an adjustment will be made if that date would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day so that: 
(a) 
if "Following" is specified as the applicable Business Day Convention in the applicable Final 
Terms, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day (the "Following Business 
Day Convention"; 
(b) 
if "Modified Following" is specified as the applicable Business Day Convention in the 
applicable Final Terms, that date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; and 
(c) 
if "Preceding" is specified as the applicable Business Day Convention in the applicable Final 
Terms, that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day. 
If no Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Following Business Day 
Convention shall apply. 
Credit Settlement Date means the 5th Business Day following the PSN Cut-off Date (the Scheduled 
Credit Settlement Date) provided that if a Hedge Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing 
on the second Business Day immediately preceding the Scheduled Credit Settlement Date, the Credit 
Settlement Date shall be the earlier of (i) the second Business Day following the date on which no 
Hedge Disruption Event subsists and (ii) the day falling two calendar years following the Scheduled 
Credit Settlement Date. 
Currency Amount means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount 
converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical Settlement Amendment 
Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement 
Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each 
Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount 
specified in each Physical Settlement Amendment Notice with respect to that portion of the relevant 
Notes into the currency of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation.

--- Page 344 ---
344 
 
 
Currency Rate means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable, the rate of conversion 
between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such 
Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either (i) determined by reference to the Currency Rate 
Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, determined 
by the Calculation Agent and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice, the Revised Currency Rate. 
Currency Rate Source means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 
p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
DC Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after the Credit Event 
Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential 
Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC Credit Event Question means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event 
has occurred. 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC Determination Cut-off Date has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 8. 
DC Determination Postponement Date has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 8. 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a 
Credit Event. 
DC Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by ISDA on 
its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from 
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
DC Secretary has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
Default Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or its 
equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such 
amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, USD10,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by 
the Calculation Agent in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event.

--- Page 345 ---
345 
 
 
Deliver means: 
(a) 
to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the 
Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the 
applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary 
documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, 
with respect to Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all 
equitable title) and interest in the Entitlement to the relevant Holder free and clear of any and 
all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on all 
securities in a relevant clearance system, but including without limitation any counterclaim, 
defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set out in (a) to (d) in the 
definition of "Credit Event" above) or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or any 
applicable Underlying Obligor) provided that (i) if all or a portion of the Entitlement consists 
of Direct Loan Participations, "Deliver" means to create (or procure the creation of) a 
participation in favour of the relevant Holder and (ii) if a Deliverable Obligation is a 
Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, 
provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the 
Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap. "Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly.  In the case of a Loan, 
Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the documentation 
customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
(b) 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, 
and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event, (ii) paragraph (a) above shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset 
Package provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan 
for these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered 
in full three Business Days following the date on which the Issuer has notified the Noteholders 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 of the detailed description of the Asset Package 
that it intends to Deliver, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset 
in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (v) if the relevant Asset is a Non-
Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an 
amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value and the term "Asset Package" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
determined pursuant to the method described in "(A) Method for Determining Deliverable 
Obligations" below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation; and

--- Page 346 ---
346 
 
 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, (i) if Financial Reference Entity Terms is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any Prior Deliverable Obligation, or (ii) if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any Package Observable Bond, 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the obligation 
has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero (determined 
for purposes of paragraph (d) above, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
(A) 
Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations.  For the purposes of the definition 
of "Deliverable Obligation", the term "Deliverable Obligation" may be defined as 
each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation 
Category specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, subject to paragraph (B) below, 
having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in each case, as of each such date the Calculation Agent 
determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging Arrangements.  The following terms 
shall have the following meanings: 
(1) 
Deliverable Obligation Category means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, 
Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in 
the definition of "Obligation" below, except that, for the purpose of 
determining Deliverable Obligations, the definition of "Reference Obligation 
Only" shall be amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only). 
(2) 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not 
Subordinated, Credit Linked Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic Issuance (each 
as defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), Assignable Loan, Consent 
Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, 
Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer, where: 
(i) 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or 
novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions 
(irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then a 
lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the 
consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of 
such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the Reference 
Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(ii) 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being 
assigned or novated with the consent of the Reference Entity or the 
guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such loan) or any 
agent; 
(iii) 
Direct Loan Participation means a Loan in respect of which, 
pursuant to a participation agreement, the Issuer is capable of 
creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of 
each Holder that provides each Holder with recourse to the 
participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under 
the relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, any 
such agreement to be entered into between each Holder and either 
(A) the Issuer (to the extent that the Issuer is then a lender or a 
member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (B) a Qualifying 
Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying

--- Page 347 ---
347 
 
 
Participation Seller is then a lender or a member of the relevant 
lending syndicate); 
(iv) 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional 
investors without any contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, 
provided that none of the following shall be considered contractual, 
statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide 
for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation 
S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or 
regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of any 
jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the 
eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or 
regulatory investment restrictions on insurance companies 
and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around 
payment dates or voting periods; 
(v) 
Maximum Maturity means an obligation that has a remaining 
maturity of not greater than the period specified in the applicable 
Final Terms  (or if no such period is specified, thirty years); 
(vi) 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the 
principal amount owed, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, 
termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance 
with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and 
without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable 
insolvency laws; and 
(vii) 
Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument 
unless interests with respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via 
Euroclear, Clearstream, International or any other internationally 
recognised clearing system. 
(B) 
Interpretation of Provisions. 
(1) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic 
Issuance" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be 
construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been specified 
as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
(2) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not 
Domestic Issuance" or "Not Bearer" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans; or (iii) any

--- Page 348 ---
348 
 
 
of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Loans. 
(3) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct 
Loan Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any 
Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
(4) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the 
following will apply: 
(i) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the 
Deliverable Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be 
deemed to satisfy the same category or categories as those that 
describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant 
Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms from the following list: "Not Subordinated", 
"Credit Linked Specified Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not 
Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic Law"; 
(iii) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying 
Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the 
applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms from 
the following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable 
Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", 
"Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", "Accelerated or Matured" and 
"Not Bearer"; and 
(iv) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to 
refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(5) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
"Maximum Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of 
the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such 
determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and 
payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(6) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would 
otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation 
in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference

--- Page 349 ---
349 
 
 
Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not 
cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(7) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics and the requirements specified in the paragraphs commencing 
"If "Mod R" …" and "If "Mod Mod R" …" in Credit Linked Condition 4 to a 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such 
determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant 
obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(8) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the 
"Maximum Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of 
any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to 
satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this paragraph (B) apply in respect of the 
definitions of Obligation and Deliverable Obligation as the context admits. 
Deliverable Obligation Terms has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Delivery Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date such 
Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be Delivered pursuant to the definition of "Deliver" 
above). 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and any 
successor currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of (a) the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in 
which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
Domestic Law means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity 
is not a Sovereign. 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance 
of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference 
Entity.  As used herein, Voting Shares shall mean those shares or other interests that have the power 
to elect the board of directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
Due and Payable Amount means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity under 
the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums 
in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) less all or any 
portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any Prohibited 
Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted 
Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (A) such date as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate taking into account the Hedging 
Arrangements , or (B) the relevant Valuation Date, as applicable. 
Eligible Information means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information.

--- Page 350 ---
350 
 
 
Eligible Transferee means: 
(a) 
any 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity 
described in sub-paragraph (c)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in paragraph (a); 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose 
vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least U.S.$100 million or (B) is one of a group 
of investment vehicles under common control or management having, in aggregate, 
total assets of at least U.S.$100 million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed 
or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement 
by an entity described in sub-paragraphs (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d); or 
(d) 
any Sovereign; or 
(e) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, 
European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and 
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies in each case 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Entitlement means, in respect of each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation 
Amount, Deliverable Obligations, as selected by the Calculation Agent, with: 
(a) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money, an Outstanding Principal 
Balance; or 
(b) 
in the case of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable 
Amount, 
(or, in the case of either (a) or (b), the equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), in an 
aggregate amount as of the relevant Delivery Date at least equal to the Calculation Amount (in the 
case of Credit Linked Notes) less, if Unwind Costs are specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms, Deliverable Obligations with a market value determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent falling during the period from and including the Credit 
Event Determination Date to and including the Delivery Date equal to the Unwind Costs.

--- Page 351 ---
351 
 
 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components 
have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date 
of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
Excluded Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and (i) the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a 
Senior Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, then 
for purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a 
Subordinated Obligation, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
Exercise Cut-off Date means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and any Note to which paragraph (a) of the definition 
of Credit Event Determination Date above applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; 
or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event where paragraph (a) of the definition of Credit Event 
Determination Date does not apply, the relevant Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves. 
Extension Date means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date (for the purposes of this definition of Extension Date, the 
Scheduled Termination Date); 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are 
specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with 
respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date; 
and

--- Page 352 ---
352 
 
 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable. 
Failure to Pay means after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity 
to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the 
time of such failure provided that, if an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result 
of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available 
market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be 
deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in 
the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
Fallback Settlement Method means, with respect to any Notes for which Auction Settlement is 
specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms, the fallback settlement 
method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final List has the meaning given in the DC Rules. 
Final Price means the price of the relevant Reference Obligation(s), as the case may be, expressed as 
a percentage of its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, which 
shall be the lesser of (i) 100 per cent. and (ii) the price determined in accordance with the Valuation 
Method specified in the applicable Final Terms or, where applicable, Credit Linked Condition 10.  The 
Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after obtaining all Quotations for a Valuation Date, 
make available for inspection by Noteholders at the specified office of the Principal Agent (i) each 
such Quotation that it receives in connection with the calculation of the Final Price and (ii) a written 
computation showing its calculation of the Final Price. 
Financial Transaction Type means each of Standard European Financial Corporate, Standard 
Australia Financial Corporate, Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate, Standard Japan Financial 
Corporate, Standard Singapore Financial Corporate and Standard Asia Financial Corporate as 
applicable. 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of 
the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided 
that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more 
variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant 
to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
Full Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method each firm quotation obtained from 
a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the 
Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the 
Quotation Amount. 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case 
of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of 
any person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as 
of each such date as the Calculation Agent determines relevant for purposes of the Hedging 
Arrangements.  Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable 
Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent 
for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of 
this definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation".

--- Page 353 ---
353 
 
 
Further Subordinated Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity, if the relevant Reference 
Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation 
which is Subordinated thereto. 
Governmental Authority means:  
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational 
body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority 
or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central 
bank) of the Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (a) to (c) 
above. 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to 
an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events 
occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, 
or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), 
in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether 
such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of 
the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (c). 
For purposes of this definition of Governmental Intervention, the term "Obligation" shall be deemed 
to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
Grace Period means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under and in accordance with the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect as of the date as of 
which such Obligation is issued or incurred;

--- Page 354 ---
354 
 
 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, a Potential 
Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the applicable 
grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Grace 
Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if no period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, thirty 
calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect 
to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period 
Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace 
Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless Grace 
Period Extension is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, such deemed Grace 
Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose 
in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not so specified (a) if the Obligation Currency is 
the euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial 
city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if: 
(a) 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
the date falling the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay.  
If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Grace Period 
Extension shall not apply. 
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
Hedging Arrangements means any underlying or related transaction(s), asset purchase(s), asset(s), 
trading position(s) or arrangement(s) the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents may enter into or 
hold from time to time (including, if applicable, on a portfolio basis) to hedge directly or indirectly 
and whether in whole or in part the credit or other risks or funding of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
Hedge Disruption Event means in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any event or circumstances 
(including, without limitation, any delay in settlement of any Auction) as a result of which the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates and/or its agents (a) have not received the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation(s) under the terms of the Hedging Arrangements and/or (b) cannot maintain, adjust, enter 
into or exercise rights under its Hedging Arrangements  in each case in such a manner as is necessary 
to meet its obligations in full as these fall due solely with amounts or assets which it is entitled to 
receive under the Hedging Arrangements on the relevant due date(s) therefor. 
Hedge Disruption Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Entitlement which, on 
the Credit Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines cannot 
be Delivered as a result of a Hedge Disruption Event. 
Index means the index, if applicable, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Index Annex means the list for the Index with the relevant Annex Date, as published by the Index 
Publisher (which can be accessed at http://www.markit.com or any successor website thereto).

--- Page 355 ---
355 
 
 
Index Publisher is as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix means the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix as 
published by ISDA on the Date of the Physical Settlement Matrix specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of principal of such 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond has been or will be exchanged or converted 
(including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible 
Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets 
with the highest immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan has the meaning given to that term in the definition of 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
Limitation Date means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year to 
occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the 
Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the 2.5-year Limitation Date), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the 10-
year Limitation Date), 12.5 years, 15 years, or 20 years, as applicable.  Limitation Dates shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any Credit Linked Business Day Convention. 
M(M)R Restructuring means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" or 
"Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Market Recovery Portfolio Credit Linked Notes means Portfolio Credit Linked Notes in respect of 
which Market Recovery is specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms.  
Market Value means, with respect to the Reference Obligation on a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one 
such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding 
the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the 
same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall 
be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations and a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such 
Weighted Average Quotation; 
(e) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained and no Weighted Average Quotation is 
obtained, subject as provided in the definition of Quotation, an amount the Calculation Agent 
shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation is obtained; and 
(f) 
if two or more Full Quotations or a Weighed Average Quotation are not obtained on or prior 
to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Market Value shall be

--- Page 356 ---
356 
 
 
any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations 
for the Reference Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such 
tenth Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which 
such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Merger Event means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, either (A) the Issuer or a Reference Entity (any such entity, 
the Mergor) consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of 
its assets to (i) where the Mergor is the Issuer, a Reference Entity or (ii) where the Mergor is a 
Reference Entity, the Issuer or (B) (i) either of the Issuer and (ii) a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
Minimum Quotation Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) or, if no such amount is so specified, the lower of 
(a) USD1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) and (b) the Quotation 
Amount. 
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and 
other financial assets. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, 
the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date, is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
In connection with the above, the final maturity date shall be determined on the basis of the terms of 
the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a 
Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date 
on which such determination is made. 
Movement Option means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring for which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date, the option of the Issuer to apply to the Notes, for purposes of settlement, the 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, for purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable 
Obligations are more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that could apply in respect of the 
Reference Transaction (provided that if more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
are published, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations shall apply).  If no Notice to Exercise Movement Option is 
delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Notes will be settled in 
accordance with the Fallback Settlement Method.  If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is 
delivered by the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, such event will be notified 
to Noteholders in accordance with Notes Condition 14. 
Movement Option Cut-off Date means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following 
the Exercise Cut-off Date, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved. 
Next Currency Fixing Time means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the London Business Day 
immediately following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant Physical 
Settlement Amendment Notice or relevant Partial Cash Settlement Notice, as applicable, is effective.

--- Page 357 ---
357 
 
 
No Auction Announcement Date means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date the DC Secretary 
first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published;  
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring no Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or  
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will 
be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in 
circumstances where either:  
(i) 
no Parallel Auction will be held; or  
(ii) 
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation. 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in 
the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was 
issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable 
for being traded in, financial markets. 
Non-Standard Credit Event Determination Date means with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery 
Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, 
provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event 
specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last 
day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date), such date falling on or 
after the Credit Event Resolution Request Date as may be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion and as specified by the Calculation Agent in the Credit Event 
Notice. 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date means, with respect to a Credit Event to which paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, 
if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or

--- Page 358 ---
358 
 
 
(iii) 
the date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, 
if any, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five 
Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; 
or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is fourteen calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date. 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means, in respect of the Reference Entity, the Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the 
Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
Notice Delivery Date means the first date on which both a Credit Event Notice and, unless "Notice 
of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Calculation Agent. 
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the date 
that is fifteen Business Days after the Extension Date. 
Notice of Physical Settlement has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that cites Publicly 
Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
as 
applicable, 
described 
in 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Notice 
or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice.  The notice given must contain a copy or description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information.  If "Notice of Publicly Available 
Information" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, 
such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information.  A Notice of Publicly Available Information shall be subject 
to the requirements regarding notices in Credit Linked Condition 16. 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option means, with respect to Notes for which (a) an M(M)R 
Restructuring applies and (b) the Fallback Settlement Method would otherwise be applicable pursuant 
to the Auction Settlement provisions, a notice from the Issuer to the Calculation Agent that (i) specifies 
the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms applicable in accordance with the definition of Movement 
Option and (ii) is effective on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining 
Obligations" below; and 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation,

--- Page 359 ---
359 
 
 
in each case unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
Method for Determining Obligations.  For the purposes of paragraph (a) of this definition of 
Obligation, the term "Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of the Reference Entity described 
by the Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms, and having each of the Obligation 
Characteristics (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case, immediately prior to the 
Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Question 
resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable.  The following 
terms shall have the following meanings: 
(A) 
Obligation Category means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
where: 
(1) 
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) 
for the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed 
Money; 
(2) 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall 
include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from 
drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
(3) 
Reference Obligation Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and 
no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only; 
(4) 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes 
delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall 
not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(5) 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or 
other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed 
Money; and 
(6) 
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
(B) 
Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Credit Linked 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, 
Listed and Not Domestic Issuance specified in the applicable Final Terms, where: 
(1) 
(a) 
Not Subordinated means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the 
Reference Obligation or, (II) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; 
(b) 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) 
and another obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is 
being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, trust or other similar 
arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganisation or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders 
of the First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the 
holders of the Second Obligation or (II) the holders of the Second Obligation 
will not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments in respect of their 
claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in

--- Page 360 ---
360 
 
 
payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. 
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly.  For purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with 
respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the existence 
of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit 
support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be 
taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities 
arising by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment 
shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in 
circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference 
Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference 
Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference 
Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be 
determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any 
change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date; and 
(c) 
Prior Reference Obligation means, in circumstances where there is no 
Reference Obligation applicable to the relevant Notes, (I) the Reference 
Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the 
obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Reference 
Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to 
the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(2) 
Credit Linked Specified Currency means an obligation that is payable in the 
currency or currencies specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if Credit 
Linked Specified Currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms and no currency 
is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency) provided that if the euro is a Credit 
Linked Specified Currency, "Credit Linked Specified Currency" shall also include an 
obligation that was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination 
thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority; 
(3) 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a 
Sovereign or (B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement 
between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred 
to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(4) 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency other 
than applicable Domestic Currency provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall 
not constitute the Domestic Currency; 
(5) 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by applicable Domestic 
Law, provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall 
not constitute a Domestic Law; 
(6) 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on 
an exchange; and

--- Page 361 ---
361 
 
 
(7) 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued 
(or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the 
domestic market of the Reference Entity.  Any obligation that is registered or, as a 
result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale 
outside the domestic market of the Reference Entity (regardless of whether such 
obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the 
Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be), 
or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference 
Entity. 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect 
of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which the Obligation is denominated. 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise 
have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default, or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in respect of 
such Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an 
obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the relevant Notes (other than for the 
purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic 
or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless (a) in respect of a Series of Notes 
that are Exempt Notes only, this definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" is 
specifically amended or overridden in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) the relevant Notes are 
Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
Outstanding Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 4. 
Outstanding Nominal Amount means the Calculation Amount, subject to reduction in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 5, subject to a minimum of zero. 
Outstanding Principal Balance means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation which will 
be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of 
Accrued Interest above, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment 
obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding Principal 
Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying 
Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were references to the 
Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in

--- Page 362 ---
362 
 
 
accordance with paragraph (a) above less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this 
paragraph (b), the Non-Contingent Amount); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (A) such date as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate taking into 
account the Hedging Arrangements, or (B) the relevant Valuation Date; and 
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable 
laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the 
original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
Package Observable Bond means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from 
time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website 
from time to time and (b) which fell within paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation (above), in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event was legally effective. 
Parallel Auction means "Auction" as such term shall be defined in the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date means "Auction Cancellation Date" as such term shall be defined 
in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R 
Restructuring, and for which (i) the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Reference 
Transaction and (ii) the Reference Transaction would not be an Auction Covered Transaction provided 
that if no such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation Agent may 
select in its sole discretion the applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date means "Notice of Physical Settlement Date" as defined 
in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Payment Requirement means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, USD1,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential 
Failure to Pay, as applicable. 
Permissible Deliverable Obligations has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included in 
the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms applicable to the relevant Auction. 
Permitted Contingency means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of:

--- Page 363 ---
363 
 
 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of 
the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or 
provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment 
obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any Solvency Capital Provisions;  
(v) 
if "Limited Recourse Terms" are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
provisions which (A) limit recourse in respect of the obligation to the proceeds of 
specified assets or the proceeds resulting from the enforcement of security or 
collateral arrangements and/or (B) extinguish any obligation that remains outstanding 
following the disposal of specified assets and/or the enforcement of the security or 
collateral arrangements and in each case the application of the resulting proceeds (and 
in this case, then for the purpose of determining whether such obligation is an 
Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation such obligation is deemed to satisfy "Not 
Subordinated"); or 
(vi) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption 
by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution 
of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also 
a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 4. 
Physical Settlement Period means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, the number of Business 
Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation comprising the Entitlement, the longest 
number of Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such 
Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if the Issuer has notified 
the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 that it will Deliver an Asset Package 
in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period 
shall be 35 Business Days. 
Portfolio Credit Linked Notes means any Credit Linked Note where Portfolio Credit Linked Notes 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Post Dismissal Additional Period means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter (provided 
that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day 
of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)).

--- Page 364 ---
364 
 
 
Potential Credit Event means a Potential Failure to Pay (if Failure to Pay is an applicable Credit 
Event in respect of the Reference Entity), a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (if 
Repudiation/Moratorium is an applicable Credit Event in respect of the Reference Entity) or if a Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date has or may have occurred and the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not made its determination, such event will be deemed to be a Potential 
Credit Event.  A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the Calculation Agent may each 
determine whether a Potential Failure to Pay or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has or may have 
occurred. 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without 
regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Obligations. 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (a) of 
the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Prior Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), 
any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such 
Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) 
fell within paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above, in each 
case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally 
effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in 
respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), such 
Reference Obligation, if any. 
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding 
or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on 
the factors set forth in (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit Event above) or right of set-off by or of the 
Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
PSN Cut-off Date means subject, where applicable, to Credit Linked Condition 11 the later of: 
1. 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the later of: 
(i) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Credit Event Determination Date; and 
(ii) 
the tenth calendar day after either the date of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or of the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, if any 
(or, if the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, the tenth calendar 
day after the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date); or 
(b) 
if, in accordance with the terms of Credit Linked Condition 2, Credit Linked 
Condition 2B applies as a result of the occurrence of (a) an Auction Cancellation Date 
or (b) a No Auction Announcement Date and:

--- Page 365 ---
365 
 
 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, the later of: 
(A) 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph (i) above; and 
(B) 
the thirtieth calendar day after the Auction Cancellation Date or the 
No Auction Announcement Date, occurring pursuant to paragraphs 
(a) or (c)(i) of the definition of No Auction Announcement Date 
above, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring either: 
(A) 
the later of: 
I. 
the date determined pursuant to paragraph (i) above; and 
II. 
the thirtieth calendar day after: 
(x) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring 
pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date above, if any;  
(y) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurring 
pursuant to paragraph (c)(i) of the definition of No 
Auction Announcement Date above, if any; or 
(z) 
the Auction Cancellation Date, if any, as applicable; 
or 
(B) 
the later of the Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (or, if 
more than one Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date should 
occur, the last Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date), and the 
Relevant City Business Day immediately following the Parallel 
Auction Cancellation Date, if any (or, if more than one should occur, 
the last Parallel Auction Cancellation Date), as applicable, in 
circumstances where either: 
I. 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
paragraph (a) of the definition of No Auction Announcement 
Date above and the Issuer has not exercised the Movement 
Option; or 
II. 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
paragraph (c)(ii) of the definition of No Auction 
Announcement Date above and the Issuer has not exercised 
the Movement Option, 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (ii) and (b) above, the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date, if any, occurred on or prior to the date described in paragraph (i) above, and 
2. 
the 115th Business Day following the relevant Credit Event Determination Date or such earlier 
day as the Issuer may select taking into account the Hedging Arrangements. 
PSN Effective Date means the date on which a Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Notice or 
Calculation Agent Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered to the 
Issuer.

--- Page 366 ---
366 
 
 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms (or if no such source is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each of Bloomberg, 
Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai 
Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian 
Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in 
the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and any other internationally recognised 
published or electronically displayed news sources). 
Publicly Available Information means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant 
to the determination that the Credit Event or a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, 
described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred and 
which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources (regardless 
of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); or 
(b) 
is information received from or published by (i) the Reference Entity (or, if the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority 
thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank) of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing 
agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or 
(c) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of 
or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or 
judicial body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) or (c) above is not publicly 
available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) or (c) above, the Calculation 
Agent may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the entity 
disclosing such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding 
with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would 
prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state: 
(i) 
in relation to the definition of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares owned 
by the Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
that the relevant occurrence: 
(A) 
has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement; 
(B) 
is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period; or 
(C) 
has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to 
the events described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium below.

--- Page 367 ---
367 
 
 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a 
statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not 
covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in 
either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing 
law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee:  
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or 
any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or  
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, 
release, reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the 
Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the 
relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying 
Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee 
or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of 
Bankruptcy above in respect of the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall 
be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding 
the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
I. 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the 
Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
II. 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to 
such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such 
guarantee.

--- Page 368 ---
368 
 
 
Qualifying Participation Seller means any participation seller that meets the requirements specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no Qualifying 
Participation Seller. 
Quantum of the Claim means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against 
the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become 
redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of the 
relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent 
Amount. 
Quotation means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and expressed 
as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of 
the Reference Obligation with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date 
from five or more Quotation Dealers.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more such 
Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on 
the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth 
Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain 
Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers and, if two or more Full Quotations are not 
available, a Weighted Average Quotation.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more 
Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the tenth 
Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if 
no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the Reference 
Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day with 
respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained 
and a quotation deemed to be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations 
were not obtained on such day. 
Quotation Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (which may be 
specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to "Representative Amount") or, if 
no amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount selected by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of each Reference Obligation or Deliverable Obligation selected by the Calculation Agent 
provided that the aggregate of all such amounts (or the equivalents of such amounts in the Specified 
Currency converted by the Calculation Agent by reference to exchange rates at or about the relevant 
Valuation Date) shall not exceed the aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes, or in the case of 
Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes multiplied by the relevant 
Weighting in respect of the applicable Reference Entity, on or about the relevant Valuation Date. 
Quotation Dealer means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) for which Quotations are 
to be obtained including each Quotation Dealer specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If no 
Quotation Dealers are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall select the 
Quotation Dealers.  Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence (with no successors), or not 
being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the 
Calculation Agent may substitute any other Quotation Dealer(s) for such Quotation Dealer(s). 
Quotation Method means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the applicable Final Terms 
by reference to one of the following terms: 
(a) 
Bid means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
Offer means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or

--- Page 369 ---
369 
 
 
(c) 
Mid-market means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers 
and shall be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer's quotation. 
If a Quotation Method is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, Bid shall apply. 
Reference Entity means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  Any Successor to 
the Reference Entity either (a) identified pursuant to the definition of "Successor" on or following the 
Trade Date or (b) identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request 
Date and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date shall, in each case, 
with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity for the purposes of the relevant Series. 
Reference Entity Nominal Amount in the case of Portfolio Credit Linked Notes at any time means 
the product of the then applicable aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes and the relevant Weighting 
for such Reference Entity. 
Reference Obligation means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if 
any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
(or no election is specified in the applicable Final Terms), (ii) there is no Standard Reference 
Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation 
and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard 
Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be 
the Reference Obligation and the Calculation Agent will select as a substitute Reference Obligation 
any Deliverable Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level.  In 
addition, (i) the Calculation Agent may replace the Reference Obligation with any further Deliverable 
Obligation with the same level of seniority as the relevant Seniority Level from time to time and (ii) 
if a new obligation is placed on the SRO List, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, then the 
Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, select the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect 
of the Reference Entity as the Reference Obligation. The provisions of this definition may be applied 
by the Calculation Agent on more than one occasion and are without prejudice to the right of the 
Calculation Agent to determine a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Reference Obligation Only Notes means any Notes in respect of which (a) "Reference Obligation 
Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and, if applicable, the Deliverable Obligation Category 
in the applicable Final Terms and (b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Reference Transaction means a hypothetical credit derivative transaction: 
(a) 
for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms, the Reference Obligation and the Reference 
Entity are (i) the same as in respect of the Notes (if Deliverable Obligation Terms and a 
Reference Obligation are specified in the applicable Final Terms) or (ii) if and to the extent 
Deliverable Obligation Terms and/or a Reference Obligation are not so specified, the 
Deliverable Obligation Terms and Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent 
to be appropriate in respect of a credit derivative transaction linked to the relevant Reference 
Entity;

--- Page 370 ---
370 
 
 
(b) 
with a scheduled termination date matching the Scheduled Maturity of the Notes; and 
(c) 
otherwise having such other characteristics as the Calculation Agent may determine 
appropriate by reference to, without limitation, the Hedging Arrangements and/or any credit 
derivative elections made in relation to the Notes. 
Relevant City Business Day has the meaning given in the DC Rules. 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
Relevant Holder means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, 
immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Amount 
specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
Relevant Final Price means (1) the Auction Final Price or (2) if any of the circumstances set out in 
items (i)-(v) (inclusive) of Credit Linked Condition 2 occurs or exists, the Final Price determined as if 
Credit Linked Condition 3 applied. 
Relevant Obligations means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if 
there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided 
that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or 
held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required 
to be made under paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor below, make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, 
repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession 
to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and (i) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior 
Obligation, or (ii) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, the Relevant 
Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
and the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated 
Obligation, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" 
shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan". 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit 
Linked Condition 4. 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
4.

--- Page 371 ---
371 
 
 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market and at the relevant time, which amount will be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(x) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement; or 
(y) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto 
or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement; and 
(b) 
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on 
or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is 60 days 
after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date under any such 
Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any 
applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date 
of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date, unless the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be satisfied: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and 
effectively received on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an 
event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an 
Obligation of the Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice and, unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that are 
each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been 
satisfied, or not capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (A) an event 
does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the Reference 
Entity, or (B) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect 
to an Obligation of the Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
(which the Calculation Agent has the right but not the obligation to deliver) that describes a Potential

--- Page 372 ---
372 
 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date.  A 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts 
relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the 
date of the occurrence.  The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
Resolve has the meaning set out in the DC Rules, and Resolved and Resolves shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which 
the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
Restructuring means, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form 
that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all the holders of the 
Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a Governmental 
Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of 
Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of 
such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant 
Notes and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way 
of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of 
interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination 
of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency 
other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which 
succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above provisions, none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(a) 
the payment in euro of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated 
in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended 
by the Treaty on European Union; 
(b) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (i) the redenomination occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union 
which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (ii) a 
freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at 
the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, 
principal or premium payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate 
of conversion;

--- Page 373 ---
373 
 
 
(c) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (i) to (v) 
above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other 
technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(d) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in (i) to (v) 
above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided 
that in respect of paragraph (v) above only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros 
into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a 
Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of 
such Governmental Authority. 
For purposes of this definition of Restructuring and Credit Linked Condition 15, the term Obligation 
shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider 
of a Guarantee.  In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity in paragraphs (i) to (v) of this definition of Restructuring shall be deemed to refer to the 
Underlying Obligor and the references to the Reference Entity in paragraphs (a) to (d) of this definition 
of Restructuring shall continue to be deemed to refer to the Reference Entity. 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
paragraphs (i) to (v) has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately 
prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately following such 
exchange. 
Restructuring Date means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the 
latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5 year Limitation 
Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan) and the 
Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured 
Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan.  For these purposes, the final maturity date shall be 
determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such 
determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity 
date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination is made. 
Revised Currency Rate means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a 
Physical Settlement Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the 
Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is determined 
either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (b) if such 
rate is not available at such time, by the Calculation Agent. 
Seniority Level means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no such seniority level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, "Senior Level" if the 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" 
if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing 
which;

--- Page 374 ---
374 
 
 
(c) 
"Senior Level". 
Senior Obligation means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no 
currency is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Specified Currency of the Notes. 
Settlement Method means, if (a) Auction Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method 
in the applicable Final Terms or if no Settlement Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Auction Settlement, (b) Cash Settlement is specified as the applicable Settlement Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, Cash Settlement, or (c) Physical Delivery is specified as the applicable 
Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms, Physical Delivery. 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise 
varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular 
tier. 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including without limiting 
the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a 
Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and (b) which fell within paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above 
immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Sovereign Succession Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar 
event. 
Specified Number means the number of Public Source(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
if no such number is specified in the applicable Final Terms, two. 
SRO List means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by 
ISDA on its website from time to time. 
Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
Standard Specified Currency means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, 
France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean 
the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series 
of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more 
entities.

--- Page 375 ---
375 
 
 
Subordinated Obligation means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if 
any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity existed. 
Substitute Reference Obligation means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to 
which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided 
that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference 
Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the 
Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
and such obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of Substitution 
Event have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for 
purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below). If the event set forth in 
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of Substitution Event below has occurred with respect to the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the 
Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth 
under paragraphs (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of Substitution Event below occur with respect 
to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider 
of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it 
was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment after 
such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date: 
I. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
II. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed 
Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming 
Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
I. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available,

--- Page 376 ---
376 
 
 
II. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
III. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
IV. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above; or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to 
the Substitution Event Date: 
I. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
II. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
III. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation above; or if no such obligation is available, 
IV. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) 
of the definition of Deliverable Obligation above. 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential 
Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the 
delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will notify the Noteholders in accordance with 
Notes Condition 14 of the Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable 
after it has been identified in accordance with paragraph (c) above and the Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then, subject to paragraph (a) above and 
notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be 
the Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation until the Extension Date 
although the Calculation Agent is not obliged to select a Substitute Reference Obligation at 
any time.  If (A) either (i) Cash Settlement is specified as the Settlement Method in the 
applicable Final Terms (or is applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method) and the 
Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined by reference to a Reference Obligation or (ii) 
either Auction Settlement or Physical Delivery is specified as the Settlement Method in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Physical Delivery, is applicable pursuant to the 
Fallback Settlement Method) and, in each case, the Reference Obligation is the only 
Deliverable Obligation and (B) on or prior to the Extension Date, a Substitute Reference 
Obligation has not been identified, then the Issuer shall have the right on or after the Extension

--- Page 377 ---
377 
 
 
Date to redeem the Notes at the Early Redemption Amount (determined by the Calculation 
Agent taking into account the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity at the time of the early 
redemption) by notice to Noteholders in accordance with Notes Condition 14, such payment 
to be made as specified in such notice.  Such notice shall contain details of the procedures and 
due date for such early redemption. 
(f) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Substitute Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect 
of any Credit Linked Notes that are Reference Obligation Only Notes. 
Substitution Date means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has identified in 
accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation above. 
Substitution Event means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; or 
(b) 
provided that the Credit Linked Notes to which the Non-Standard Reference Obligation relates 
are not Reference Obligation Only Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(ii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of 
itself, constitute a Substitution Event.  If an event described in paragraphs (a) or (b)(i) above has 
occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
pursuant to paragraphs (a) or (b)(i) above as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
Substitution Event Date means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence 
of the relevant Substitution Event. 
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to 
some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is 
a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect 
of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Successor below would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of 
such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference 
Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
Successor means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) below, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (vii) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee, to 75 per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, 
to more than 25 per cent. (but less than 75 per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of

--- Page 378 ---
378 
 
 
the Reference Entity, and not more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to 
more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, and not more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than 25 per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor and these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms will be adjusted as provided below; 
(iv) 
if one or more entities each succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, and more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each 
be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms will 
be adjusted as provided below; 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no 
entity succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the 
Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as a result of such succession;  
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no 
entity succeeds to more than 25 per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the 
greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if 
two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each 
such entity will be a Successor and these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms will be adjusted as provided below); and 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of 
the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, 
and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to 
exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever 
described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money 
obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity 
(the Universal Successor) will be the sole Successor; and 
(b) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, 
or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately 
prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one 
Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event.

--- Page 379 ---
379 
 
 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after 
delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor or Successors 
under paragraph (a) above, provided that the Calculation Agent will not make any such determination 
if, at the time of determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations.   
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this 
definition of Successor on the basis of Eligible Information and will, as soon as practicable after such 
calculation or determination, make such calculation or determination available for inspection by 
Noteholders at the specified office of the Principal Agent.  In calculating the percentages used to 
determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under paragraph (a) above, if there is a Steps 
Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in 
aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
Where pursuant to paragraph (a)(iii), (a)(iv), (a)(vi) or (b) above, more than one Successor has been 
identified, the Calculation Agent shall adjust such of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms as it shall determine to be appropriate to reflect that the Reference Entity has been 
succeeded by more than one Successor and shall determine the effective date of that adjustment.  The 
Calculation Agent shall be deemed to be acting in a commercially reasonable manner if it adjusts such 
of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms in such a manner as to reflect the 
adjustment to and/or division of any credit derivative transaction(s) related to or underlying the Notes 
under the provisions of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment and notifying the Issuer of such adjustment, the 
Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance with Notes Condition 14 
stating the adjustment to these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving 
brief details of the relevant Successor event. 
If two or more entities (each, a Joint Potential Successor) jointly succeed to a Relevant Obligation 
(the Joint Relevant Obligation) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if 
the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference Entity, it shall be treated as 
having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal 
parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the 
Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to 
by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such 
Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential 
Successor in equal parts. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Successor", "succeed" means, with respect to the Reference 
Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or 
becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any 
agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, 
convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans 
(the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the 
Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect 
to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable.  For purposes of this 
definition of "Successor", "succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly.  In the case 
of an exchange offer, the determinations required pursuant to paragraph (a) of this definition of 
"Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations 
exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
Successor Backstop Date means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date 
otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Successor

--- Page 380 ---
380 
 
 
Notice is effective and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has 
occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a 
Successor determination and (C) the Successor Notice is delivered not more than fourteen calendar 
days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor 
Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with any Credit Linked Business Day Convention. 
Successor Notice means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that describes a succession 
(or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in respect of 
which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors to the Reference 
Entity can be determined. 
A Successor Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination to be made pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of Successor above. 
Successor Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors 
to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision.  In relation to a Credit Event (and 
as set out in the definition of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms), ISDA may publish one 
or more form(s) of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms on its website at www.isda.org (or 
any successor website thereto) and may amend such forms from time to time.  Each such form of 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms shall set out, inter alia, definitions of "Auction", 
"Auction Cancellation Date", "Auction Covered Transaction" and "Auction Final Price Determination 
Date" in relation to the relevant Credit Event.  The Transaction Auction Settlement Terms for purposes 
of the Notes shall be the relevant form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for which the 
Reference Transaction would be an Auction Covered Transaction (as such term will be set out in the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms).  The Reference Transaction (as set out in the 
definition thereof) is a hypothetical credit derivative transaction included in these Credit Linked 
Conditions principally for the purpose of selecting the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
appropriate to the Notes. 
Transaction Type means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Transaction Type specified in respect 
of such Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms. 
Undeliverable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Entitlement which, on the 
Credit Settlement Date for such Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines for any 
reason (including without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, 
regulation, court order, contractual restrictions, statutory restrictions or market conditions but 
excluding the non-receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the Delivery of Loans or non-
delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice or any information by a Holder) it is impossible or illegal to 
Deliver on the Credit Settlement Date. 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the 
guarantee. 
Underlying Obligor means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, 
the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying 
Obligation.

--- Page 381 ---
381 
 
 
Unwind Costs means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or if "Standard Associated 
Costs" are specified in the applicable Final Terms, any Associated Costs as defined in Credit Linked 
Condition 13 in respect of the Notes.  Notwithstanding this definition, if Unwind Costs are specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Final Terms then for purposes of the Credit Linked Conditions 
Unwind Costs will be deemed to be zero. 
Valuation Date means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 11: 
(a) 
where Physical Delivery is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the day falling 
two Business Days after the Final Delivery Date (as such term is defined in the Physical 
Delivery Notes Conditions) or such other earlier date determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the Hedging Arrangements (if any), or, otherwise; 
(b) 
(i) 
if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to 
Credit Linked Condition 11, a date selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion falling in the period from and including the Credit Event Determination 
Date (or if the Credit Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) 
of the definition of Credit Event Determination Date above, the day on which the DC 
Credit Event Announcement occurs) to and including the day falling the number of 
Business Days specified in the Final Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not 
so specified, ninety Business Days) after such date (or, if "Cash Settlement" is 
applicable pursuant to the Fallback Settlement Method, in accordance with paragraphs 
(i) or (ii) of Credit Linked Condition 2 above, a date selected by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole discretion falling in the period from and including the Auction Cancellation 
Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable, to 
and including the day falling the number of Business Days specified in the Final 
Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, ninety Business Days) 
after such date); and 
(ii) 
if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each of the 
following dates: 
(A) 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 11, a date selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole discretion falling in the period from and including the Credit 
Event Determination Date (or if the Credit Event Determination Date occurs 
pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of Credit Event Determination 
Date above, the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs) to 
and including the day falling the number of Business Days specified in the 
Final Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, ninety 
Business Days) after such date (or if Cash Settlement is the applicable 
Fallback Settlement Method, in accordance with paragraphs (i) or (ii) of 
Credit Linked Condition 2 above, a date selected by the Calculation Agent in 
its sole discretion falling in the period from and including the Auction 
Cancellation Date, if any, or the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, if 
any, as applicable to and including the day falling the number of Business 
Days specified in the Final Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not 
so specified, ninety Business Days) after such date); and 
(B) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
five Business Days) after the date on which the Calculation Agent obtains a 
Market Value with respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date.

--- Page 382 ---
382 
 
 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the total number 
of Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five Valuation Dates). 
If neither Single Valuation Date nor Multiple Valuation Dates is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, Single Valuation Date shall apply. 
Valuation Method: 
(a) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Final Terms with only 
one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
Market means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date;  
(ii) 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to the Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
Weighted Highest means the weighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained for each relevant Valuation Obligation provided that if "Weighted Highest" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms and only one Valuation Obligation is 
selected by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 3 for the 
purposes of valuation, the relevant Valuation Method shall be deemed to be "Highest". 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Highest. 
(b) 
The following Valuation Methods may be specified in the applicable Final Terms with more 
than one Valuation Date: 
(i) 
Average Market means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date; or 
(ii) 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect 
to any Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
Average Highest means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date. 
If no such Valuation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Method 
shall be Average Highest. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) above, if Quotations include Weighted Average 
Quotations or fewer than two Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market or 
Average Market, as the case may be. 
(d) 
Where applicable, the applicable Final Terms may specify an alternative Valuation Method 
which shall be applicable in respect of the relevant Notes. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such time is 
specified, 11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Reference Obligation. 
Weighting means, in respect of each Reference Entity the relevant Weighting Percentage as set out in 
the applicable Final Terms or otherwise the relevant percentage set out in the Index, provided that if a 
Successor is identified in respect of a Reference Entity the Weightings of all affected Reference

--- Page 383 ---
383 
 
 
Entities will be subject to adjustment by the Calculation Agent as provided in the definition of 
"Successor". If a Successor is identified in relation to a Reference Entity which results in more than 
one Successor, the Weighting in respect of such Reference Entity will be pro-rated amongst each of 
the Successors. 
Weighted Average Quotation means in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted average 
of firm quotations obtained from Quotation Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, each for an amount of the Reference Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as available but less than the Quotation 
Amount (but, of a size at least equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in aggregate are 
approximately equal to the Quotation Amount. 
Weighting Percentage means, with respect to a Reference Entity, the relevant Weighting Percentage 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise the relevant percentage set out in the Index. 
Zero Recovery Portfolio Credit Linked Notes means Portfolio Credit Linked Notes in respect of 
which Zero Recovery is specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms. 
14. 
Credit Event Notice after Restructuring Credit Event 
If this Credit Linked Condition 14 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, upon the occurrence of 
an M(M)R Restructuring: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices in respect of such M(M)R 
Restructuring, each such Credit Event Notice setting forth an amount (the Partial 
Redemption Amount) that may be less than the aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes or, 
in the case of Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, the Reference Entity Nominal Amount 
outstanding immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such 
circumstances the Credit Linked Conditions and related provisions shall be deemed to apply 
to the Partial Redemption Amount only and, other than in respect of Portfolio Credit Linked 
Notes, each such Note shall be redeemed in part (such redeemed part being equal to the Partial 
Redemption Amount). In the case of Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, the relevant Credit Event 
Reduction Amount will be adjusted by multiplying the amount determined pursuant to the 
definition thereof by a fraction equal to (i) the relevant Partial Redemption Amount (as 
numerator) and (ii) the Reference Entity Nominal Amount (as denominator). 
(ii) 
For the avoidance of doubt (A), other than in respect of Portfolio Credit Linked Notes, the 
nominal amount of each such Note not so redeemed in part shall remain outstanding and 
interest shall accrue on the nominal amount outstanding of such Note as provided in Notes 
Condition 4 (adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent determines to be appropriate), 
(B) the Credit Linked Conditions and related provisions shall apply to such nominal amount 
outstanding of such Note (or, in the case of Portfolio Credit Linked Notes) to the outstanding 
Notes in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered in respect of the 
Reference Entity that was the subject of the Restructuring Credit Event and (C) if, following 
a Restructuring Credit Event, different Credit Event Determination Dates have been 
determined with respect to different portions of amounts payable or deliverable to Noteholders 
under the relevant Series, the Calculation Agent will (x) determine such adjustment(s) to these 
Terms and Conditions as may be required to achieve as far as practicable the same economic 
effect as if each such portion was a separate series or otherwise reflect or account for the effect 
of the above provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14 the effective date of such 
adjustment(s).

--- Page 384 ---
384 
 
 
(iii) 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14 apply in respect of the Notes, on 
redemption of part of each such Note the relevant Note or, if the Notes are represented by a 
Global Note, such Global Note, shall be endorsed to reflect such part redemption. 
15. 
Provisions relating to Multiple Holder Obligation 
Unless this Credit Linked Condition 15 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of Restructuring and related provisions, 
the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described in sub-paragraphs 
(i) to (v) of the definition of Restructuring shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect 
of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes a 
Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and 
(ii) (A) is a Bond and/or (B) is an Obligation with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six 
and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event. 
16. 
Determinations and Notices 
(a) 
Determinations and interpretation 
The Calculation Agent will determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Credit 
Linked Conditions on the basis that the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Reference Entity has a material connection to Japan for these purposes, Tokyo 
time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred.  Any event occurring at midnight 
shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
In addition, if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, 
on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to 
have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Reference Entity has a 
material connection to Japan for these purposes, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place 
of payment. 
(b) 
Notices 
Any notice to be delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer pursuant to these Credit Linked 
Conditions may be given in writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and will be effective when 
given. Any notice required to be sent or delivered by the Issuer may be sent or delivered on behalf of 
the Issuer by any of the Issuer's Affiliates and/or service providers, and any determination or exercise 
of a discretion required to be made by the Issuer may be delegated by it and made on its behalf by any 
of the Issuer's Affiliates and/or service providers. 
17. 
Amendment of Credit Linked Conditions in accordance with Market Convention 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time amend any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions 
and the applicable Final Terms in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines in a 
commercially reasonable manner is necessary or desirable from the perspective of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or a Hedging Party (i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative 
documents or protocols from time to time published by ISDA with respect to the documentation, 
trading or settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or (y) the operation or application of 
determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to reflect or account 
for market practice for credit derivative transactions and/or reflect the Hedging Arrangements of the 
Issuer or any of its Affiliates.  Any amendment made in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 
17 shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Notes Condition 14.

--- Page 385 ---
385 
 
 
18. 
Early redemption or exercise of Reference Obligation Only Notes following a Substitution Event 
If the Notes are Reference Obligation Only Notes relating to a single Reference Entity and the event 
set out in paragraph (a) of the definition of Substitution Event above occurs with respect to the 
Reference Obligation, then:  
(i) 
interest (if any) shall cease to accrue on the Credit Linked Notes from and including the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the relevant Substitution Event Date or, if no 
Interest Payment Date has occurred, no interest will accrue on the Credit Linked Notes; and 
(ii) 
each nominal amount of Credit Linked Notes equal to the Calculation Amount set out in the 
applicable Final Terms will be redeemed by the Issuer at its relevant Reference Obligation 
Only Termination Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the 
applicable Final Terms in the Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, which for the purposes 
of this Credit Linked Condition 18 shall be the day falling five Business Days following the 
relevant Substitution Event Date. 
19. 
DC Resolution Adjustment Events 
If following the publication of a DC Resolution (the Prior DC Resolution), a further DC Resolution 
(the relevant Further DC Resolution) is published the effect of which would be to reverse all or part 
of the Prior DC Resolution or if any DC Resolution would reverse any determination made by the 
Calculation Agent and/or the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date, notwithstanding any 
other provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions the Calculation Agent may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, make any adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent determines is necessary or desirable to 
the Notes Conditions, or these Credit Linked Conditions to reflect the publication of such Further DC 
Resolution or DC Resolution, including, without limitation, as a result of the impact or effect of such 
Further DC Resolution or DC Resolution on the Hedging Arrangements. 
20. 
Hedging Disruption 
(a) 
Hedging Disruption Adjustment 
In the event that: 
(i) 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates or agents is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts, to: 
(A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or  
(B) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s); 
(ii) 
the Reference Obligation no longer exists or other circumstances exist as described in 
paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of Substitution Event and no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is determined (which the Calculation Agent may determine not to do in its sole 
discretion); or 
(iii) 
the existing Hedging Arrangements of the Issuer or any Affiliate, or the ability of the Issuer 
or any Affiliate to enter into new Hedging Arrangements, are affected by any change in any 
standard terms used in any relevant market (such standard terms including, without limitation, 
any version of the ISDA Credit Derivative Definitions, any supplements thereto or any other 
terms or documentation that may be published by ISDA from time to time, and such a change 
including, without limitation, any amendment to or reinterpretation of any standard terms or

--- Page 386 ---
386 
 
 
the publication or introduction of new standard terms) or in market practice in any relevant 
market,  
(each of the events described in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above, a Hedging Adjustment Event) the Issuer 
may make such adjustment to the Conditions of the Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, these 
Credit Linked Conditions) as the Issuer determines is appropriate to account for such Hedging 
Adjustment Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment.  Any adjustment made in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 20 shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Notes Condition 14. 
(b) 
Hedging Disruption Termination 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 20(a) above, if the Issuer determines that 
no adjustment that it could make under Credit Linked Condition 20(a) above would be sufficient (in 
the Issuer's opinion) to reflect the occurrence of the relevant Hedging Adjustment Event, the Issuer 
may redeem all but not some only of the Notes as of such date as the Issuer shall determine by notice 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Notes Condition 14, each Note being redeemed at the 
Early Redemption Amount. 
21. 
Physical Settlement Matrix 
(a) 
Applicability of the provisions of the ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix 
If Physical Settlement Matrix is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each item in the 
Final Terms in respect of which "See Physical Settlement Matrix" is specified shall, in respect of a 
Reference Entity, be construed to have the meaning given to it for the relevant Transaction Type in 
the ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix (as defined in Credit Linked Condition 13 above) but in each 
case (if relevant) as such provisions of the ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix are amended in 
accordance with paragraph (b) of this Credit Linked Condition 21. Any relevant item in the Final 
Terms will be deemed to be "Applicable" in respect of a Reference Entity if such item states "See 
Physical Settlement Matrix" and, in respect of the relevant Transaction Type for that Reference Entity, 
the ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix specifies substantially the same term as is specified in the 
relevant item of the Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the other provisions of the relevant Physical Settlement Matrix 
shall be relevant in determining the terms of the Notes. 
(b) 
Amendments to the provisions of the ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix 
To the extent applicable in accordance with paragraph (a) above, the following provisions of the 
relevant ISDA Physical Settlement Matrix shall be amended as follows: 
 
Provision 
Amendment 
Credit Events 
References to "Floating Rate Payer Calculation 
Amount" shall be deemed to be references to 
"Calculation Amount". 
Obligation 
Characteristics/Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics 
References to "Specified Currency" shall be 
deemed to be references to "Credit Linked 
Specified Currency". 
Physical Settlement Period 
References to "Section 8.19 of the Definitions" 
shall be deemed to be references to "the

--- Page 387 ---
387 
 
 
definition of Physical Settlement Period in Credit 
Linked Condition 13".  
CoCo Reference Entities 
References to "2014 CoCo Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(September 15, 2014) " shall be deemed to be 
references to Credit Linked Condition 22 
(Provisions 
taken 
from 
the 
2014 
CoCo 
Supplement to the 2014 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (published on 15 September 2014)). 
Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations 
References to "Additional Provisions for Senior 
Non-Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017)" shall be deemed to be 
references to Credit Linked Condition 23 
(Provisions taken from the ISDA Supplement 
titled "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations" (published on 
8 December, 2017)). 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions References to "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 
15, 2019)" shall be deemed to be references to 
Credit Linked Condition 24 (2019 Narrowly 
Tailored Credit Event Provisions). 
22. 
Provisions taken from the 2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (published on 15 September 2014) 
If this Credit Linked Condition 22 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of the Reference Entity, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, the 
following provisions will apply to the Reference Entity: 
(a) 
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a 
permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a 
conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, such event shall be deemed to 
constitute a Governmental Intervention as defined in Credit Linked Condition 13. 
(b) 
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a Governmental 
Intervention for all purposes under the Credit Linked Conditions. 
(c) 
The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
Coco Provision means, with respect to an Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a permanent or 
temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal 
into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger 
Percentage. 
Trigger Percentage means the trigger percentage specified in respect of the Reference Entity (or if 
no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent.). 
Capital Ratio means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the Obligation, as 
described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time.

--- Page 388 ---
388 
 
 
23. 
Provisions taken from the ISDA supplement titled "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations" (published on 8 December 2017) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, the provisions of this Credit 
Linked Condition 23 will apply: 
(A) 
to the Reference Entity in respect of any Credit Linked Notes for which a single Reference 
Entity is specified in the applicable Final Terms and either (i) this Credit Linked Condition 23 
is specified as "Applicable" in item 34 (xl) of the applicable Final Terms or (ii) "See Physical 
Settlement Matrix" is specified in item 34 (xl) of the applicable Final Terms and the 
"Transaction Type" for the Reference Entity is either "Standard European Senior Non-
Preferred Financial Corporate" or "European Senior Non-Preferred Financial Corporate"; or  
(B) 
where there is more than one Reference Entity specified in respect of the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes in the applicable Final Terms, only to those Reference Entities in respect of 
which (i) if this Credit Linked Condition 23 is specified as "Applicable" in item 34 (xl) of the 
applicable Final Terms, the "Seniority Level" is specified as "Senior Non-Preferred Level" in 
the Table annexed to the applicable Final Terms or (ii) if "See Physical Settlement Matrix" is 
specified in item 34 (xl) of the applicable Final Terms, the "Transaction Type" is either 
"Standard European Senior Non-Preferred Financial Corporate" or "European Senior Non-
Preferred Financial Corporate". 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 23 will not apply in any other circumstances or in 
respect of any other Reference Entities. 
(a) 
Amendments to the definitions 
(i) 
Reference Obligation 
The definition of "Reference Obligation" in Credit Linked Condition 13 is amended 
by the insertion of the following language after the words "if any" in the first line of 
such definition: 
"provided that, irrespective of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such 
Standard Reference Obligation shall be deemed to constitute the Reference 
Obligation, or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation 
of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List but such Standard Reference 
Obligation has previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to 
be no Reference Obligation applicable to the Credit Linked Notes and such previously 
specified Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation". 
(ii) 
Seniority Level 
The definition of "Seniority Level" in Credit Linked Condition 13 shall be deleted 
and replaced with the following: 
Seniority Level means Senior Non-Preferred Level. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any specification of the "Seniority Level" as "Senior Non-
Preferred Level" in the applicable Final Terms shall apply only to those Reference 
Entities to which the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 23 apply.

--- Page 389 ---
389 
 
 
(b) 
Additional definitions 
The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity which is 
Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity but 
not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
Obligations of the Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above Traditional Subordinated 
Obligations of the Reference Entity or which would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated 
Obligations of the Reference Entity existed; 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity which meets the 
conditions set out in Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013, as such Article may be amended or replaced from time to time (the CRR) or which 
are (or were at any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR; and 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation means each of: 
(i) 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
any obligations of the Reference Entity which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with 
any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
any obligations of the Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the obligations thereto 
described in (i) and (ii) above. 
(c) 
Subordinated Obligation 
A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall constitute a Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of the 
Credit Linked Conditions and it shall be deemed that there is a relevant Reference Obligation which 
is a Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of the definitions of "Excluded Obligation" and 
"Relevant Obligations" in Credit Linked Condition 13. 
(d) 
Further Subordinated Obligation 
A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked Conditions. 
(e) 
Subordination 
"Subordination" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the definition of "Obligation" in Credit Linked 
Condition 13 and such term shall be applied in the assessment of any Obligation without regard to 
how the Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, including any characterisation 
of the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction. 
24. 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions 
If this Credit Linked Condition 24 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
following provisions will apply: 
(a) 
The definition of "Failure to Pay" in Credit Linked Condition 13 shall be deleted and replaced with 
the following:  
"Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of 
any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference 
Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the

--- Page 390 ---
390 
 
 
Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such 
Obligations at the time of such failure provided that, if an occurrence that would constitute a Failure 
to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) 
a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such 
occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself 
constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined 
by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. If 
"Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly 
or indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Reference Entity. In the event that the Calculation Agent makes any such 
determination, it may take into account the guidance note set out in paragraph 3 (Interpretive 
Guidance) of the ISDA 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (published on July 15, 2019).". 
(b) 
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Credit Linked Condition 13 shall be deleted and 
replaced with the following 
"Outstanding Principal Balance means the outstanding principal balance of an obligation which will 
be calculated as follows:  
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of 
Accrued Interest above, the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment 
obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (i) the Outstanding Principal 
Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying 
Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference Entity were references to the 
Underlying Obligor) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any);  
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result 
of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other 
than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) above less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this 
paragraph (b), the Non-Contingent Amount); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance,  
in each case, determined:  
(i) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on 
either (A) such date as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate taking into 
account the Hedging Arrangements or (B) the relevant Valuation Date; and  
(ii) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable 
laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the 
original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (ii) above, applicable laws shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other law affecting creditors' rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject.  
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, 
notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or

--- Page 391 ---
391 
 
 
discounted under paragraph (ii) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less 
than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is 
less than ninety-five per cent of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not 
include provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an 
early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of 
Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall 
be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight line 
interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the 
principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a 
Loan is less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment 
amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation:  
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or amount 
advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed to be equal 
to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original obligation(s) that were tendered 
or exchanged (the Original Obligation(s)) at the time of such exchange (determined without 
regard to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and  
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously issued 
by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same issue price or 
amount advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for the 
Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting obligations 
for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such 
allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of 
the obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee."

--- Page 392 ---
392 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Notes generally 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit.  If in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds this will 
be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Green Bonds 
In particular, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds from an 
issue of Notes specifically for Green Projects. Such Notes may also be referred to as Green Bonds.

--- Page 393 ---
393 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BANQUE ET CAISSE D'EPARGNE DE L'ETAT, LUXEMBOURG 
The Issuer (also referred to herein as BCEE, Spuerkeess and the Bank) is a public autonomous establishment 
having a legal personality (établissement public autonome doté de la personnalité juridique) created for an 
indefinite period pursuant to the Luxembourg Act dated 21 February 1856 concerning, inter alia, the creation 
of a savings bank, as amended and presently governed by the Luxembourg Act dated 24 March 1989 relating 
to Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de l'Etat, Luxembourg, as amended.  The Issuer is registered with the trade and 
companies register at the district court in Luxembourg under number B30775.  Its registered office is at 1-2 
Place de Metz, L-2954 Luxembourg; Tel: 00 352 40151. 
The history of Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de l'Etat, Luxembourg – the State and Savings Bank, Luxembourg 
(BCEE) – is inextricably linked to that of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (Luxembourg).  Created in 1856 
to meet the people's needs in the areas of savings and the development of credit, BCEE has made a major 
contribution to the economic expansion and improved standard of living of Luxembourg. 
Today, BCEE is the only major financial establishment in Luxembourg whose equity capital is entirely and 
directly owned by the State.  Ultimate responsibility for the institution lies with the Government Minister who 
heads the Treasury.  The competent minister exercises supreme supervision over the Bank's activities of public 
interest, in particular those specified in Article 5 of the Law dated 24 March 1989, in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(a) 
by having all decisions taken by the Board communicated directly to him; and 
(b) 
by deciding on those decisions which are subject to his approval.  Furthermore, a post of Supervisory 
Commissioner is established, whose procedure for appointment and powers are laid down in Article 
28 of the above-mentioned Law. 
As far as the Issuer is aware there are no arrangements which may result in a change of control of BCEE.  In 
addition, BCEE promotes economic growth by providing financing for business development and public 
infrastructure. 
Over the past decades, BCEE has developed mainly in a European and international context.  As a "universal 
bank", covering the whole range of banking activities, it plays an active part in the Euromarkets.  It has 
developed a network of correspondent banks worldwide. 
BCEE is also a member of the "Institut Mondial des Caisses d'Epargne" (World Savings Bank Institute) and 
the "Groupement Européen des Caisses d'Epargne" (European Savings Bank Group), whose offices are in 
Brussels. 
In the field of international clearing, BCEE is a member of the two international systems for clearing negotiable 
securities, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Euroclear clearing system.  Since the establishment of the latter, 
BCEE has played a very active role as a depositary bank. 
THE GROUP 
BCEE is the parent company of the Group.  The consolidation scope comprises BCEE as the parent company, 
its subsidiaries and ad hoc entities over which the Group directly or indirectly exercises effective control over 
financial and operational policies. Subsidiaries are consolidated from their date of acquisition, when the Bank, 
as the parent company, has the power to direct their financial policies. They are deconsolidated on the date 
such control ceases.

--- Page 394 ---
394 
 
 
Fully consolidated subsidiaries 
A subsidiary is a company in which the Group holds at least a 50% stake of the voting rights or any company 
over which the Group directly or indirectly has the power of control regarding management and financial and 
operational policies. 
List of subsidiaries included in the consolidation scope: 
 
 
% of voting rights held 
Name 
31 December 
2021 
31 December 
2022 
Lux-Fund Advisory S.A. 
89.55 
89.31 
BCEE Asset Management S.A.  
90.00 
90.00 
Bourbon Immobilière S.A. 
100.00 
100.00 
Luxembourg State and Savings Bank Trust Company S.A. 
100.00 
100.00 
Spuerkeess Ré S.A.  
100.00 
100.00 
Investments in associates 
Associates are companies over which the Group exercises significant influence and are accounted for using 
the equity method. Significant influence means the Group has the power to direct a company's financial and 
operating policies in order to obtain a substantial share of the economic benefits. Significant influence is 
presumed when the Group holds, directly or indirectly through its subsidiaries, 20% or more of the voting 
rights.  
Investments in associates are recognised at cost, and the book value is subsequently adjusted to reflect the 
investor's share of the net profit or loss of the associate after the acquisition date. 
The Group's share of the associate's profit or loss is recognised in the income statement.  
Equity-method consolidation ceases when the Group no longer has significant influence over the shareholding, 
unless the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations to assume or guarantee commitments on behalf 
of the associate. 
INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES OF THE GROUP: 
 
 
% of capital held 
Associates 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2022 
Direct interests 
 
 
Société Nationale de Circulation Automobile S.à r.l. 
20.00 
20.00 
Luxair S.A. 
21.81 
21.81 
Société de la Bourse de Luxembourg S.A. 
25.35 
25.35

--- Page 395 ---
395 
 
 
 
% of capital held 
Associates 
31 December 2021 
31 December 2022 
Europay Luxembourg S.C. 
30.10 
30.10 
European Fund Administration S.A. 
31.51 
N/A 
LuxHub S.A. 
32.50 
32.50 
i-hub S.A. 
N/A 
20.00 
Visalux S.C. 
35.36 
35.36 
Lalux Group S.A. 
40.00 
40.00 
BANKING LICENCE 
The Issuer is regulated by the Law of 24 March 1989 on Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de l'Etat, Luxembourg 
(as amended) which states in its article 4 that the object of the Issuer is to carry out, alone or jointly, either for 
itself or on behalf of third parties, all financial and banking activities with any person, whether physical or 
legal, as well as all analogous, related or ancillary transactions. 
SHAREHOLDER STRUCTURE 
As at 31 December 2022 the Issuer had a share capital of €173,525,467 other items of comprehensive income 
of €765,247,562 and consolidated reserves of €4,200,838,422. The own funds of the Bank consist of the capital 
and the reserves. The capital belongs to the State. No shares have been issued.  Any modifications can only be 
made by a Grand Ducal regulation adopted following an opinion of the State Council and the agreement of the 
relevant commission of the Parliament. 
EMPLOYEES 
As of 31 December 2022, the number of BCEE employees was approximately 1,843. 
BUSINESS ACTIVITIES 
BCEE is entitled to carry out, alone or jointly, either on behalf of itself or for third parties, with any physical 
or legal person, any financial or banking operations as well as all operations analogous, connected or accessory 
thereto. 
In addition, BCEE is entitled to carry out any other operations directly or indirectly related to its purpose or 
intended to facilitate the achievement thereof. 
As well as being the state bank, BCEE aims to contribute, by way of its activities, particularly its financing 
activities, to the economic and social development of the country and the promotion of saving in all its forms.  
As well as being a universal bank, BCEE offers both its national and international clients the banking services 
which they are entitled to expect today from a financial intermediary. 
It has been the traditional objective of BCEE to promote the construction of housing and to facilitate the 
acquisition of real estate.  In the context of its mission of promoting savings in all possible forms, BCEE offers 
numerous savings instruments, including private banking facilities such as foreign currency accounts, precious 
metal and custody accounts. BCEE is also active in the sector of investment funds and offers its services both 
as a custodian bank for funds and as a promoter and manager.

--- Page 396 ---
396 
 
 
The activities of the Bank are focused on the retail market, the wealth management market, as well as the 
property market, and on small and medium-sized corporate customers in Luxembourg and the surrounding 
regions.  These activities include the traditional banking business areas of loans, deposits, investment in 
securities, payments handling (both in Luxembourg and abroad) and guarantees. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Please refer to the Financial Statements incorporated by reference to this Prospectus (pages 50 and 51 above).  
OUTLOOK FOR 2023 
The topic of inflation dominated the news on the financial markets in 2022. Inflation, which is measured as 
the change in consumer prices over a rolling 12-month period, rose in Luxembourg from 4.14% at end-
December 2021 to 5.37% at end-December 2022. It remained consistently above 5% throughout 2022, with 
the exception of January when it was 3.58%. Inflation hit its peak in June at 7.43%. 
STATEC forecasts inflation will remain in check in Luxembourg in 2023, due mainly to state measures 
designed to curb the rise in the price of energy products. In its medium-term projections published on 24 
February 2023, STATEC forecast growth in GDP in volume terms of 2.2% for 2023, i.e. below the forecast 
for 2022 of 2.5%. Lastly, STATEC expects unemployment to increase slightly from 4.8% of the working 
population in 2022 to 5% in 2023. 
Against the backdrop of persistently high inflation, the European Central Bank (ECB) raised its key rates by 
250 basis points in 2022 and is expected to continue to tighten its monetary policy in 2023. 
The Bank’s Executive Committee confirms that, in 2023, Spuerkeess will continue to assume its mission of 
supporting the national economy, which is facing slowdowns in certain sectors, such as construction. As a 
responsible financial actor, Spuerkeess will play an even greater role in the sustainable development of the 
Luxembourg economy and the ecological transition, in accordance with the commitments it made when it 
signed the Principles for Responsible Banking and joined the Net Zero Banking Alliance. 
EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD 
In the first quarter, the ECB further tightened its monetary policy and announced for its key rates two additional 
increases of 50 basis points each as well as one additional increase of 25 basis points in the second quarter. 
In Luxembourg, STATEC measured annual inflation at 4.83% in January and 4.31% in February 2023, i.e. 
below 5% for the first time in a year. At the meeting of the Tripartite Coordination Committee of 3 March 
2023, the Government and social partners took additional measures to avoid an inflationary shock in early 
2024, a risk that STATEC had predicted if the State measures on energy product prices were allowed to expire. 
Within the eurozone, average inflation was 8.6% at end-January and 8.5% at end-February. In a context of low 
growth in domestic GDP and, in particular, lower inflation than in neighbouring countries, the ECB's monetary 
policy tightening could have a larger impact on the domestic economy, in particular through the construction 
market. However, the current situation has not led to downward revisions of the growth outlook described 
above. 
The failures of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) and Signature Bank in the United States in early March 2023 led 
to a panic on the financial markets. The US authorities responded quickly and announced a series of measures, 
including a guarantee on all SVB deposits. After this panic in the United States, the markets turned to the more 
fragile players in Europe, including the Crédit Suisse Group. On 19 March, the Swiss authorities brokered the 
merger between UBS Group and Crédit Suisse Group to calm the financial markets and strengthen the stability 
of the Swiss banking industry. As of the date of this report, this situation on the financial markets has not had 
a significant impact on the normal course of Spuerkeess' business. Management is closely monitoring these 
developments in order to be in a position to respond to any unanticipated consequences.

--- Page 397 ---
397 
 
 
Other than the above, no significant events occurred after the 31 December 2022 reporting date that could 
impact the normal course of the BCEE Group’s business.  
GOVERNING BODIES OF THE ISSUER 
The organisation of Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de l'Etat, Luxembourg, founded in 1856, is governed the law 
of 24 March 1989, which defined the respective powers of the Board of Directors and the Executive 
Committee. Pursuant to Article 8 of this organic law, "the Board of Directors defines the Bank's general policy 
and is responsible for management control of the Executive Committee.  All administrative acts and measures 
necessary or relevant to the Bank's purpose fall within the responsibility of the Executive Committee, subject 
to such approvals as are required by virtue of this law". 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
As of 30 June 2023, the Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
 
CHAIRMAN 
Camille FOHL 
VICE-CHAIRMAN 
Simone DELCOURT 
BOARD MEMBERS 
Nima AHMADZADEH 
 
Bettina BLINN  
 
Marie-Paule GILLEN-SNYERS  
 
François THILL 
 
Jean-Pierre ZIGRAND 
STAFF REPRESENTATIVE 
Marilène MARQUES 
Carmen JAFFKE  
 
 
SUPERVISORY COMMISSIONER 
Bob KIEFFER 
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE 
As of 30 June 2023, the Executive Committee is composed as follows: 
 
CHAIRMAN 
Françoise THOMA 
Chief Executive Officer 
MEMBERS 
Aly KOHLL 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
 
Doris ENGEL 
Director 
 
Olivier WANTZ 
Director 
 
Romain WEHLES 
Director 
The business address of each of the Directors and members of the Executive Committee is 1-2 Place de Metz, 
L-2954 Luxembourg.

--- Page 398 ---
398 
 
 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the persons 
listed under "Board Of Directors", "Supervisory Commissioner" and "Executive Committee" above and their 
private interests or other duties.

--- Page 399 ---
399 
 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer's 
country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the Notes. 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg General  
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws in force in Luxembourg as of 
the date of this Prospectus. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax implications that 
might be relevant to an investment decision. It is included herein solely for preliminary information purposes.  
It is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice.  Prospective investors in the Notes 
should consult their professional advisers with respect to particular circumstances, the effects of state, local or 
foreign laws to which they may be subject and as to their tax position. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only.  Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy impost or other 
charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only.  Also, please 
note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des 
collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution au 
fonds pour l'emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu).  Investors may further be subject to 
net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes.  Corporate income tax and 
municipal business tax invariably apply to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes.  
Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain 
circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business 
undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well. 
Taxation of the holders of Notes 
Withholding Tax 
• 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under the Luxembourg tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of interest 
(including accrued but unpaid interest) made to a Luxembourg non-resident holder of the Notes.  There 
is also no Luxembourg withholding tax, upon repayment of the principal, or upon redemption or 
exchange of the Notes. 
• 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, 
as amended (the "Law"), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest 
made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, 
nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by 
Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. The term "interest" and "paying agent" used hereafter have the 
same meaning as in the Law. 
Under the Law, a 20% withholding tax is levied on interest payments (or similar income) made or 
ascribed by a Luxembourg paying agent to or for the immediate benefit of a beneficial owner who is 
a resident of Luxembourg. This withholding tax also applies on accrued interest received upon sale, 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes.  Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax 
if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth.  Responsibility for the withholding tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Furthermore, Luxembourg resident individuals acting in the course of the management of their private 
wealth who are the beneficial owners of interest payments (or similar income) made by a paying agent

--- Page 400 ---
400 
 
 
established outside Luxembourg in a Member State of the European Union or the EEA may opt for a 
final 20% levy.  The option for the 20% final levy must cover all interest payments made by paying 
agents to the beneficial owner during the entire civil year. 
Tax residence 
A holder of Notes will not become resident, or be deemed to be resident in Luxembourg by reason only of the 
holding of the Notes, or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes. 
Income tax 
For the purposes of this paragraph, a disposal may include a sale, an exchange, a contribution, a redemption 
and any other kind of transfer of the Notes. 
• 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
A non-resident holder of Notes, not having a permanent establishment or a permanent representative 
in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg income tax 
on interest received or accrued on the Notes, nor on payments upon redemption or repayment of 
principal.  A gain realised by such non-resident holder of Notes, on the sale or disposal, redemption, 
repurchase or exchange, in any form whatsoever, of Notes is also not subject to Luxembourg income 
tax. 
Non-resident corporate or individual holders of Notes who have a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes are attributable, must include 
any interest accrued or received on the Notes, any redemption premiums received at maturity as well 
as any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes, in their taxable 
income for Luxembourg tax assessment purposes. 
• 
Resident holders of Notes 
Holders of Notes who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax 
on repayment of principal. 
 
Luxembourg resident individual holders of Notes 
An individual holder of Notes acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth, is subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest 
received, redemption premiums or issue discounts under the Notes, except if (i) withholding 
tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the Law, or (ii) the individual holder 
of the Notes has opted for the application of a 20% final levy in full discharge of income tax 
in accordance with the Law, which applies if a payment of interest has been made or ascribed 
by a paying agent established in a EU Member State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member 
State of the EEA (other than a EU Member State). 
Individual Luxembourg holders of Notes receiving the interest as business income must 
include this interest in their taxable basis. If applicable, the 20 % Luxembourg withholding 
tax levied will be credited against their final income tax liability. 
Under Luxembourg domestic tax law, gains realised upon the disposal of the Notes by an 
individual holder of the Notes, who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes and who 
acts in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, on the disposal of the Notes 
are not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided the disposal takes place more than six 
months after the acquisition of the Notes and the Notes do not constitute Zero Coupon Notes. 
Gains realised by an individual holder of Zero Coupon Notes who acts in the course of the 
management of his/her private wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes

--- Page 401 ---
401 
 
 
must include the difference between the sale, repurchase, exchange or redemption price and 
the issue price of a Zero Coupon Note in his taxable income. 
An individual holder of the Notes, who acts in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, has further to include the portion 
of the gains realised on the Notes corresponding to accrued but unpaid income in respect of 
the Notes in his/her taxable income, insofar as the accrued but unpaid interest is indicated 
separately in the agreement, except if a final withholding tax or levy has been levied in 
accordance with the Law. 
Gains realised upon a disposal of the Notes by an individual holder of the Notes acting in the 
course of the management of a professional or business undertaking and who is a resident of 
Luxembourg for tax purposes are subject to Luxembourg income taxes. 
 
Luxembourg corporate resident holders of Notes 
Luxembourg resident corporate holders of Notes must include any interest received or 
accrued, as well as any gain realised on the sale, disposal or redemption of the Notes, in their 
taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. Taxable gains are 
determined as being the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price 
(including accrued but unpaid interest) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes 
sold or redeemed. 
A corporate holder of Notes that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate 
management companies, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for 
collective investment, as amended, by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment 
funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, as 
amended, and which does not fall under the special tax regime set out in article 48 thereof is 
neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest accrued or received, any 
redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any 
form whatsoever, of the Notes. 
Other Taxes 
• 
Registration taxes and stamp duties 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in 
Luxembourg by the holders of Notes as a consequence of the issuance of the Notes, nor will any of 
these taxes be payable as a consequence of a subsequent transfer, redemption or repurchase of the 
Notes. However, a fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due upon the registration of the Notes 
in Luxembourg in the case where the Notes are physically attached to a public deed or to any other 
document subject to mandatory registration, as well as in the case of a registration of the Notes on a 
voluntary basis. 
• 
Value added tax 
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the 
issuance of the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes or the transfer 
of the Notes.  Luxembourg value added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees charged for 
certain services rendered to the Issuer of the Notes if, for Luxembourg value added tax purposes, such 
services are rendered or are deemed to be rendered in Luxembourg and an exemption from 
Luxembourg value added tax does not apply with respect to such services. 
• 
Net wealth tax

--- Page 402 ---
402 
 
 
Luxembourg corporate resident holders of Notes and corporate non-resident holders of Notes who 
have a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the 
Notes are attributable, are subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Notes, except if the holder 
of Notes is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, 
by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, by the law 
of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, by the law of 23 July 2016 on 
reserved alternative investment funds, as amended, or is a securitisation company governed by the law 
of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or is a capital company governed by the law of 15 
June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended11. 
An individual holder of Notes, whether he/she is a resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes. 
• 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
No estate or inheritance taxes are levied on the transfer of the Notes, upon death of an individual holder 
of Notes in cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax purposes 
at the time of his death.  Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes, if the gift is recorded in a 
deed passed in front of a Luxembourg notary or registered in Luxembourg.  
CRS 
Capitalised terms used in this section should have the meaning as set forth in the CRS Law (as defined 
below), unless otherwise provided herein. 
The Issuer may be subject to the Common Reporting Standard (the "CRS") as set out in the 
Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015, as amended or supplemented from time to time (the "CRS 
Law") implementing Directive 2014/107/EU which provides for an automatic exchange of financial 
account information between Member States of the European Union as well as the OECD's multilateral 
competent authority agreement on automatic exchange of financial account information signed on 29 
October 2014 in Berlin, with effect as of 1 January 2016. 
Under the terms of the CRS Law, the Issuer is likely to be treated as a Luxembourg Reporting Financial 
Institution.  
As such, the Issuer will be required to annually report to the Luxembourg tax authorities personal and 
financial information related, inter alia, to the identification of, holdings by and payments made to (i) 
certain holders of Notes qualifying as Reportable Persons and (ii) Controlling Persons of passive non-
financial entities ("NFEs") which are themselves Reportable Persons. This information, as 
exhaustively set out in Annex I of the CRS Law (the "Information"), will include personal data related 
to the Reportable Persons.  
The Issuer's ability to satisfy its reporting obligations under the CRS Law will depend on each holder 
of Notes providing the Issuer with the Information, along with the required supporting documentary 
evidence. In this context, the holders of Notes are hereby informed that, as data controller, the Issuer 
will process the Information for the purposes as set out in the CRS Law.  
Holders of Notes qualifying as passive NFEs undertake to inform their Controlling Persons, if 
applicable, of the processing of their Information by the Issuer. 
                                                     
11  
Please however note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or capital companies 
governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law 
of 23 July 2016, as amended, and which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof may, under certain conditions, be 
subject to minimum net wealth tax.

--- Page 403 ---
403 
 
 
Additionally, the Issuer is responsible for the processing of personal data and each Holder of Notes 
has a right to access the data communicated to the Luxembourg tax authorities and to correct such data 
(if necessary). Any data obtained by the Issuer are to be processed in accordance with the applicable 
data protection legislation. 
The holders of Notes are further informed that the Information related to Reportable Persons will be 
disclosed to the Luxembourg tax authorities annually for the purposes set out in the CRS Law. The 
Luxembourg tax authorities will, under their own responsibility, eventually exchange the reported 
information to the competent authority of the Reportable Jurisdiction(s). In particular, Reportable 
Persons are informed that certain operations performed by them will be reported to them through the 
issuance of statements, and that part of this information will serve as a basis for the annual disclosure 
to the Luxembourg tax authorities. 
Similarly, the holders of Notes undertake to inform the Issuer within thirty (30) days of receipt of these 
statements should any included personal data not be accurate. The holders of Notes further undertake 
to immediately inform the Issuer of, and provide the Issuer with all supporting documentary evidence 
of any changes related to the Information after occurrence of such changes. 
Although the Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligation imposed on it to avoid any fines or penalties 
imposed by the CRS Law, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to satisfy these 
obligations. If the Issuer becomes subject to a fine or penalty as a result of the CRS Law, the value of 
the Notes held by the holders of the Notes may suffer material losses.  
FATCA - application in Luxembourg 
Capitalised terms used in this section should have the meaning as set forth in the FATCA Law (as 
defined below), unless otherwise provided herein. 
The Issuer may be subject to the so-called FATCA legislation which generally requires reporting to 
the US Internal Revenue Service of non-US financial institutions that do not comply with FATCA and 
direct or indirect ownership by US persons of non-US entities. As part of the process of implementing 
FATCA, the US government has negotiated intergovernmental agreements with certain foreign 
jurisdictions which are intended to streamline reporting and compliance requirements for entities 
established in such foreign jurisdictions and subject to FATCA.  
Luxembourg has entered into a Model 1 Intergovernmental Agreement implemented by the 
Luxembourg law of 24 July 2015, as amended or supplemented from time to time (the "FATCA 
Law"), which requires Financial Institutions located in Luxembourg to report, when required, 
information on Financial Accounts held by Specified US Persons, if any, to the Luxembourg tax 
authorities (Administration des Contributions Directes).  
Under the terms of the FATCA Law, the Issuer is likely to be treated as a Luxembourg Reporting 
Financial Institution.  
This status imposes on the Issuer the obligation to regularly obtain and verify information on all of its 
holders of Notes. On the request of the Issuer, each holder of Notes shall agree to provide certain 
information, including, in the case of a passive Non-Financial Foreign Entity ("NFFE"), information 
on the Controlling Persons of such NFFE, along with the required supporting documentation. 
Similarly, each holder of Notes shall agree to actively provide to the Issuer within thirty (30) days any 
information that would affect its status, as for instance a new mailing address or a new residency 
address. 
The FATCA Law may require the Issuer to disclose the names, addresses and taxpayer identification 
number (if available) of its holders of Notes as well as information such as account balances, income 
and gross proceeds (non-exhaustive list) to the Luxembourg tax authorities for the purposes set out in

--- Page 404 ---
404 
 
 
the FATCA Law. Such information will be relayed by the Luxembourg tax authorities to the US 
Internal Revenue Service. 
Holders of Notes qualifying as passive NFFEs undertake to inform their Controlling Persons, if 
applicable, of the processing of their information by the Issuer. 
Additionally, the Issuer is responsible for the processing of personal data and each holder of Notes has 
a right to access the data communicated to the Luxembourg tax authorities and to correct such data (if 
necessary). Any data obtained by the Issuer is to be processed in accordance with the applicable data 
protection legislation. 
Although the Issuer will attempt to satisfy any obligation imposed on it to avoid imposition of FATCA 
withholding tax, no assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to satisfy these obligations. If 
the Issuer becomes subject to a withholding tax or penalties as result of the FATCA regime, the value 
of the Notes held by the holder of Notes may suffer material losses. The failure for the Issuer to obtain 
such information from each holder of the Notes and to transmit it to the Luxembourg tax authorities 
may trigger the 30% withholding tax to be imposed on payments of US source income and on proceeds 
from the sale of property or other assets that could give rise to US source interest and dividends as 
well as penalties.  
Holders of Notes who invest through intermediaries are reminded to check if and how their 
intermediaries will comply with this US withholding tax and reporting regime. 
Holders of Notes should consult a US tax advisor or otherwise seek professional advice regarding the 
above requirements. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, withholding may be required on, among other things, (i) certain payments made by "foreign 
financial institutions" (foreign passthru payments) and (ii) dividend equivalent payments (as 
described below in "U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding"), in each case, to persons that fail to meet 
certain certification, reporting, or related requirements.  The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for 
these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions (including Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed 
in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs 
as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be 
required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. If withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised 
as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax 
purposes that are issued on or before the relevant grandfathering date would be "grandfathered" for 
purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. The grandfathering date 
for (A) Notes that give rise solely to foreign passthru payments, is the date that is six months after the 
date on which final U.S. Treasury regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed 
with the Federal Register, and (B) Notes that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 
871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated 
thereunder, is six months after the date on which obligations of its type are first treated as giving rise 
to dividend equivalents. If additional notes (as described under "Terms and Conditions —Further 
Issues") that are not distinguishable from such previously issued grandfathered Notes are issued after

--- Page 405 ---
405 
 
 
the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which treats a "dividend equivalent" 
payment as a dividend from sources within the United States. Under Section 871(m), such payments 
generally would be subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax which may be reduced by an 
applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided that the 
beneficial owner timely claims a credit or refund from the IRS. A "dividend equivalent" payment is 
(i) a substitute dividend payment made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction 
that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a 
dividend from sources within the United States, (ii) a payment made pursuant to a "specified notional 
principal contract" that (directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the 
payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, and (iii) any other payment determined 
by the IRS to be substantially similar to a payment described in (i) or (ii). U.S. Treasury regulations 
issued under Section 871(m) and applicable guidance (the Section 871(m) Regulations) require 
withholding on certain non-U.S. holders of Notes with respect to amounts treated as dividend 
equivalent payments. Under the Section 871(m) Regulations, only a Note that has an expected 
economic return sufficiently similar to that of the underlying U.S. security, based on tests set forth in 
the Section 871(m) Regulations, will be subject to the Section 871(m) withholding regime (making 
such Note a Specified Note). Certain exceptions to this withholding requirement apply, in particular 
for instruments linked to certain broad- based indices.  
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are 
made on or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition of the Specified Note. If the underlying 
U.S. security or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Note, 
withholding generally will still be required even if the Specified Note does not provide for payments 
explicitly linked to dividends. Additionally, the Issuer may withhold the full 30 per cent. tax on any 
payment on the Notes in respect of any dividend equivalent arising with respect to such Notes 
regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under 
applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where a non-U.S. holder is eligible for a reduced 
tax rate under an applicable tax treaty with the United States). A non-U.S. holder may be able to claim 
a refund of any excess withholding provided the required information is timely furnished to the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service. Refund claims are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and there can be no 
assurance that a particular refund claim will be timely paid or paid at all. If the Issuer or any 
withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding 
agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations generally apply to Specified Notes issued on or after 1 January 2017. 
If the terms of a Note are subject to a "significant modification" (as defined for U.S. tax purposes), the 
Note generally would be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification for purposes 
of determining, based on economic conditions in effect at that time whether such Note is a Specified 
Note. Similarly, if additional Notes of the same series are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax 
purposes, such as certain sales of Notes out of inventory) after the original issue date, the IRS could 
treat the issue date for determining whether the existing Notes are Specified Notes as the date of such 
subsequent sale or issuance. Consequently, a previously out of scope Note, might be treated as a 
Specified Notes following such modification or further issuance. 
In addition, payments on the Specified Securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on 
underlying U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per cent. In such case, in calculating the 
relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to 
withhold, 30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code)

--- Page 406 ---
406 
 
 
in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder 
on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will indicate whether the Issuer has determined 
that Notes are Specified Notes and will specify contact details for obtaining additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to Notes. A non-U.S. holder of Specified Notes should 
expect to be subject to withholding in respect of any underlying dividend-paying U.S. securities. The 
Issuer's determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of the Notes, but it is not binding on the IRS. 
The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to Notes linked 
to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of Notes may be uncertain. 
Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of 
Section 871(m) to the Notes. 
Common Reporting Standard 
The OECD Common Reporting Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information 
(CRS) will require certain financial institutions to report information regarding certain accounts 
(which may include the Notes) to their local tax authority and follow related due diligence procedures. 
Noteholders may be requested to provide certain information and certifications to ensure compliance 
with the CRS. A jurisdiction that has signed the CRS Competent Authority Agreement (CRS 
Agreement) may provide this information to other jurisdictions that have signed the CRS Agreement. 
Luxembourg has concluded such CRS Agreements with a number of jurisdictions. Prospective 
investors should consult their tax advisers on how the CRS may apply to such investor.

--- Page 407 ---
407 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated programme agreement dated 30 June 2023 (such Agreement, as 
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) agreed with the Issuer a 
basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above.  
In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued to any investor subject to selling restrictions – United States, 
EEA (including Switzerland and, for these purposes, the UK), Singapore and Japan (please see below). 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, except as permitted by the Programme Agreement, it will not offer, sell 
or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time and (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and 
sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in 
the preceding paragraph and in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such 
Notes are a part, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating 
in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 and regulations promulgated thereunder.   
The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA 
C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
In addition in respect of Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor 
U.S. Treas. Reg. Section including, without limitation, regulations issued in accordance with U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives 
to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the D Rules), each Dealer (i) represents that it has not offered 
or sold, and agrees that during the restricted period it will not offer or sell, Notes in bearer form to a 
person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) 
represents that it has not delivered and agrees that it will not deliver within the United States or its 
possessions definitive Notes in bearer form that are sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
each Dealer represents that it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect 
procedures reasonably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in

--- Page 408 ---
408 
 
 
selling Notes in bearer form are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted 
period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, each Dealer represents that it is acquiring Notes in bearer form for 
purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if it retains Notes in bearer form for 
its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. Section 
l.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) (or any successor U.S. Treas. Reg. Section including, without limitation, 
regulations issued in accordance with U.S. Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in 
connection with the U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010); and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Notes in bearer form from a Dealer for the purpose of 
offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer repeats and confirms the 
representations and agreements contained in sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) on such affiliate's behalf. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In respect of Notes where TEFRA C is specified in the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, such Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its 
possessions in connection with their original issuance.  Each Dealer represents and agrees that it has not 
offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, such Notes within the United 
States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance.  Further, each Dealer represents and agrees 
in connection with the original issuance of such Notes that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, 
directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such purchaser is within the United States or its 
possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of such Notes. 
Each issue of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Interest Notes shall be subject to such additional 
U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree as a term of the issue and purchase of 
such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  Each 
relevant Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will offer, sell or deliver such Notes only in compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
"Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For 
the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and

--- Page 409 ---
409 
 
 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
"Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the 
EEA (each, a Relevant State), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer 
of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the 
public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a Non-exempt Offer), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus 
has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified 
in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for 
the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Relevant State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and 
• 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms for the 
Notes (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 410 ---
410 
 
 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “an offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms for the Notes in relation thereto to the public in the 
United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms for the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than pursuant 
to section 86 of the FSMA (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus 
in relation to such Notes which has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, provided that 
any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms for the Notes contemplating 
such Non-exempt Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus 
or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that 
Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes, as the case may be, referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and  
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.

--- Page 411 ---
411 
 
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered 
or sold any Notes or caused any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and 
will not offer or sell any Notes or cause any Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus or any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any 
Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time 
to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, 
and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and 
in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a  trust  (where  the  trustee  is  not  an  accredited  investor)  whose  sole  purpose  is  to  hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Certain provisions applicable to Notes issued in Singapore dollars: 
Notes denominated in Singapore dollars and issued to persons in Singapore by a person carrying on a 
deposit-taking business (whether in Singapore or elsewhere) with a maturity period of less than 12 
months and a denomination of less than S$200,000 would be treated as deposits for the purposes of the 
Banking Act 1970 of Singapore (the Singapore Banking Act), unless the Notes are issued to certain persons, 
including either: 
 
(a) 
an individual whose total net personal assets exceed in value S$2 million (or its equivalent in 
foreign currency) at the time of subscription, whose financial assets (net of any related 
liabilities) exceed in value S$1 million (or equivalent in foreign currency) at the time of 
subscription or whose income in the 12 months preceding the time of subscription is not less than 
S$300,000 (or its equivalent in foreign currency); or

--- Page 412 ---
412 
 
 
 
(b) 
a company whose total net assets (as determined by the last audited balance-sheet of the 
company) exceeds S$10 million (or its equivalent in foreign currency) at the time of 
subscription. 
 
In determining the value of an individual's total net personal assets for the purposes of paragraph (a) 
above, the value of the individual's primary residence is taken to be the lower of the following: 
 
(i) 
the value calculated by deducting any outstanding amounts in respect of any credit facility that is 
secured by the residence from the estimated fair market value of the residence; and 
 
(ii) 
S$1 million. 
 
In addition, even where Notes issued in Singapore dollars with a denomination of less than S$200,000 are not 
treated as deposits for the purposes of the Singapore Banking Act, certain additional information is required 
to be furnished to investors in Singapore by an issuer which is carrying on a deposit-taking business. In such 
case, please refer to the applicable Final Terms for such further information. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the 
Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other 
applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Switzerland 
This Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes described 
herein. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the 
Swiss Financial Services Act (the "FinSA") and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to 
trading on any trading venue(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Each Dealer has 
acknowledged that neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Prospectus and any additional written information provided or authorised by the Issuer and will obtain any 
consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, 
offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 413 ---
413 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by resolutions of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer held on 26 October 1994 and 11 December 1996 and a resolution of the 
Executive Committee of the Issuer held on 4 September 1997.  The increases in the Programme limit were 
authorised pursuant to resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 10 December 1997 and 
2 December 1999, and reconfirmed on 25 May 2016 and by resolutions of the Executive Committee of the 
Issuer on 28 January 1999 and 25 January 2000.  The update of this Programme has been authorised by a 
resolution of the Executive Committee of the Issuer held on 13 June 2023.  
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
This document has been approved by the CSSF as a base prospectus.  Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or to be listed on the Securities Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange without admission 
to trading on one of the securities markets operated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). 
An application for admission to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and for listing 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or an application for listing on the Securities Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange without admission to trading is without prejudice to the Issuer's right 
to apply for admission to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets as 
may be agreed upon between the Issuer and the relevant dealer. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Prospectus, copies of the constitutional documents of 
association (in English) of the Issuer will be available for inspection from www.bcee.lu. 
The Agency Agreement (which includes the forms of the Temporary global Notes, the Permanent global Notes, 
the Definitive Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) will, so long as any Notes are outstanding, be 
available for inspection, during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Agent and the other 
Paying Agents. 
This Prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference into this Prospectus and any supplement to this 
Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche allocated 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).  If the Notes are to clear through additional or alternative clearing 
system, the appropriate information will be specified in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 414 ---
414 
 
 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Index 
In respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes, the underlying may not be an Index composed by the Issuer or 
any legal entity belonging to the same group, nor an Index provided by a legal entity or a natural person acting 
in association with, or on behalf of, the Issuer. 
Significant or Material Change 
As at the date of this Prospectus, other than disclosed in the Section "Events after the reporting period", there 
has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or the Group since 31 
December 2022 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 
2022. 
Description of the expected financing of the Issuer’s activities 
The Issuer finances its activities using the usual sources of funding, in particular, the deposits from all types 
of customers and banks, and the issuance of commercial paper and debt securities. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Litigation 
The Issuer (whether as defendant or otherwise) is not nor has been engaged in any governmental, legal, 
arbitration, administrative or other proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have 
or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer.  
Independent Auditors 
Ernst & Young S.A. (member of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) have audited the Issuer's consolidated 
financial statements and non-consolidated annual accounts prepared in accordance with IFRS (in the case of 
the consolidated financial statements) and the Luxembourg legal and regulatory requirements relating to the 
preparation of the annual accounts (in the case of the non-consolidated annual accounts) as of and for the 
financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
The reports of the independent auditors of the Issuer are incorporated in this Prospectus by reference along 
with the related consolidated financial statements and non-consolidated annual accounts. 
Website 
The Issuer’s website is www.spuerkeess.lu. Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to 
which this Prospectus refers does not form part of this Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the CSSF.

--- Page 415 ---
415 
 
 
Post-issuance Information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance information in relation to any assets underlying issues of 
Notes constituting derivative securities, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make 
markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but 
not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as 
principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially 
the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. 
Expenses Charged to the Investor by the Issuer 
The Issuer may charge expenses to investors.  Such expenses (if any) will be determined on a case by case 
basis but would be expected to be in the range of between 1% and 5% of the nominal amount of the Notes to 
be purchased by the relevant investor unless specified below with respect to a specific issue of Notes.

--- Page 416 ---
416 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de l'Etat, 
Luxembourg 
1-2, place de Metz 
2954 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
THE ARRANGER 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
AGENT 
Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de l'Etat, 
Luxembourg 
1-2, place de Metz 
2954 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
ISSUING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
PAYING AGENTS 
Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de l'Etat, 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Luxembourg 
Citigroup Centre 
1-2 place de Metz 
Canary Wharf 
2954 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers 
 
Allen & Overy SCS  
inscrite au Barreau de Luxembourg 
5 Avenue John F. Kennedy 
1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentina, 
S.A.  
Ciudad BBVA 
Banque et Caisse d'Epargne 
de l'Etat, 
BNP Paribas 
Calle Sauceda 28 
Luxembourg 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
Edificio Asia 
1-2 place de Metz 
75009 Paris 
Madrid 28050 
2954 Luxembourg 
France 
Spain 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 417 ---
417 
 
 
 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG 
 Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited 
 Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Investment Bank 
Reuterweg 16  
 Citigroup Centre 
12, Place des Etats-Unis  
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
 Canada Square 
CS 70052 92547 
Germany 
 Canary Wharf 
Montrouge Cedex  
 
 London E14 5LB 
France  
 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
Deutsche Bank  
Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
25 Shoe Lane 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
London EC4A 4AU 
Germany 
Germany 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
 Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
 Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
UBS AG London Branch 
 Taunustor 1 
 Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
5 Broadgate 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
60312 Frankfurt am Main  
London EC2M 2QS 
 Germany 
 Germany 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AUDITORS 
 
Ernst & Young, Société 
Anonyme 
 
 
35E, Avenue John F. 
Kennedy 
 
 
1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque et Caisse d'Epargne de l'Etat, Luxembourg 
1-2, place de Metz 
2954 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg