--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
BANQUE INTERNATIONALE À LUXEMBOURG, SOCIÉTÉ ANONYME 
(Incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg)  
EUR 10,000,000,000 
Programme for the issue of Euro Medium Term Notes and Warrants 
On 9 November 1995, Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme (the "Bank", "Issuer" or "BIL") entered into a U.S.$1,000,000,000 
Programme for the issue of Euro Medium Term Notes and Warrants (the "Programme") and issued a Base Prospectus on that date describing the Programme. 
The limit of the Programme was increased to U.S.$2,000,000,000 on 8 November 1996, to U.S.$5,000,000,000 on 16 December 1997, to U.S.$8,000,000,000 
on 21 February 2005 and to Euro 10,000,000,000 on 3 October 2005. Any Notes or Warrants (as defined below) issued under the Programme on or after the 
date of this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the provisions described herein save that any Notes or Warrants issued which are to be consolidated and 
form a single series with a previous issue of Notes or Warrants shall be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to that previous issue of Notes or 
Warrants as set out in the prospectus applicable thereto. Under the Programme, BIL, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
may from time to time issue medium term Notes that rank as senior obligations of BIL (the "Senior Notes"), medium term Notes that rank as senior non 
preferred obligations of BIL (the "Senior Non Preferred Notes"), medium term Notes that rank as subordinated obligations of BIL (the "Subordinated Notes" 
and, together with the Senior Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes, the "Notes") and warrants or other similar instruments (the "Warrants"). The 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The CSSF only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes or Warrants. Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes or Warrants. The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated 
by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. This Base Prospectus has also been approved by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange pursuant 
to Part IV of the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the “Prospectus Act 2019”). Application has been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes and Warrants issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months from the date of approval of this Base Prospectus to be 
listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Official List") and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (the "Regulated Market").  
An application may be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes and Warrants issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
on the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Euro MTF Market") and listed on the Official List. However, unlisted Notes and Warrants 
may be issued pursuant to the Programme. The applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes and the applicable Final Terms for the Warrants 
in respect of the issue of any Warrants will specify whether or not such Notes or Warrants will be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or the Euro MTF Market (or listed on any other stock exchange(s)). References in this Base Prospectus to 
Notes or Warrants being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes or Warrants have been admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
and have been admitted to the Official List.  The Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU). The Euro MTF Market, however, is not a regulated market for the purposes of the afore-mentioned Directive 2014/65/EU. This Base 
Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date and therefore its validity will expire on 24 June 2023. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.   
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes and Warrants which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is 
available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Notes and Exempt Warrants are to 
Notes and Warrants for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes or Exempt Warrants. The approval of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
with regards to the Exempt Notes and Exempt Warrants relates solely to their listing on the Euro MTF Market. 
Each Tranche (as defined in the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes) of Notes in bearer form will be represented on issue by a temporary 
global note in bearer form (each, a "temporary Global Note") or a permanent global note in bearer form (each, a "permanent Global Note" and together with 
the temporary Global Notes, the "Global Notes"). Each Tranche of Warrants in bearer form will be represented on issue by a permanent global warrant in 
bearer form (each, a "permanent Global Warrant" or "Global Warrant"). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new 
global note ("NGN") form, they will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the "Common 
Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"). Notes in registered form ("Registered 
Notes") will be represented by registered certificates (each, a "Registered Note Certificate"), one Registered Note Certificate being issued in respect of each 
Noteholder's entire holding of Registered Notes of one Series (as defined in the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes) of Notes. Registered Notes issued 
in global form will be represented by registered global certificates ("Registered Note Global Certificates"). If a Registered Note Global Certificate is held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure ("NSS") the Registered Note Global Certificate will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant 
Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form ("CGNs") and Registered 
Note Global Certificates which are not held under the NSS and Global Warrants will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary"). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global 
Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form". 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes or Warrants, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes or Warrants, the issue price of Notes 
or Warrants and certain information which is applicable to each Tranche of Notes or Warrants will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes or Exempt Warrants, 
as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes or 
Warrants to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) through a 
regulatory information service. In the case of Exempt Notes or Exempt Warrants, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes or Warrants, interest (if 
any) payable in respect of Notes or Warrants, the issue price of Notes or Warrants and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be 
set out in a pricing supplement document (the "Pricing Supplement"). 
 
Arranger 
Goldman Sachs International 
Dealers 
BIL 
BNP PARIBAS 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
J.P. Morgan 
Morgan Stanley 
MUFG 
Nomura 
 
UBS Investment Bank

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 24 June 2022 
The Programme provides that Notes and Warrants may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes or Warrants and/or Notes or 
Warrants not admitted to trading on any market. 
THE NOTES, THE WARRANTS AND THE SECURITIES (IF ANY) TO BE DELIVERED UNDER THE TERMS OF THE 
NOTES AND THE WARRANTS, HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE 
OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES. THE NOTES INCLUDE NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE 
SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS.  
NO NOTES OR INTERESTS THEREIN, MAY AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED, DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES 
LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION (SEE "PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION").  
NO WARRANTS, OR INTERESTS THEREIN, MAY AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD, RESOLD, TRANSFERRED, 
PLEDGED, DELIVERED OR REDEEMED, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, AT ANY TIME IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S). FURTHERMORE, NEITHER 
THE SALE OF NOR TRADING IN NOTES OR WARRANTS HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY 
FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION ("CFTC") UNDER THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED 
("CEA"). NO U.S. PERSON MAY AT ANY TIME PURCHASE, TRADE, EXERCISE OR MAINTAIN A POSITION IN WARRANTS 
UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS FOR THE WARRANTS. “U.S. PERSON” MEANS A 
PERSON THAT IS ANY ONE OR MORE OF THE FOLLOWING: (1) A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT, (2) A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED IN THE INTERPRETIVE GUIDANCE AND POLICY STATEMENT 
REGARDING COMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN SWAP REGULATIONS PROMULGATED BY THE CFTC, OR THE FINAL RULE 
RELATING TO CROSS-BORDER APPLICATION OF THE REGISTRATION THRESHOLDS AND CERTAIN REQUIREMENTS 
APPLICABLE TO SWAP DEALERS AND MAJOR SWAP PARTICIPANTS PROMULGATED BY THE CFTC, IN EACH CASE, 
AS AMENDED, MODIFIED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, UNDER THE CEA, OR (3) A PERSON OTHER THAN 
A "NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" AS DEFINED IN CFTC RULE 4.7. 
FOR A DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON OFFERS AND SALES OF NOTES AND WARRANTS AND 
ON THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS, SEE "PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION". 
The Issuer has been rated A- by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, French Branch ("Standard & Poor's") and A2 by Moody’s Investors Service 
Ltd. ("Moody’s"). Standard & Poor's and Moody’s are not established in the EEA and have not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). Notes or Warrants issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more of the rating agencies 
referred to above. Issuers rated "A-" by Standard & Poor's are considered to have a strong capacity to meet financial commitments, but are somewhat 
susceptible to adverse economic conditions and change in circumstances.  Issuers rated "A2" by Moody’s are considered to be subject to low credit risk.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA and SOFR as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and each as defined in the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, European Money Markets 
Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmarks Regulation"). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrators of SONIA and SOFR do not appear on ESMA’s register of administrators and benchmarks 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA and SOFR do not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Where a Tranche of Notes or Warrants are rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes or Exempt Warrants) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer by the relevant rating agency.  A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in the Base Prospectus, any 
supplement thereto and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes or Warrants issued under the 
Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that 
such is the case), the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
General 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes and Warrants other 
than Exempt Notes or Exempt Warrants issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation.  
In this Base Prospectus, Exempt Notes and Exempt Warrants means an offering of such Notes 
or Warrants where there is an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish 
a prospectus. Exempt Notes may include Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes redeemable 
in one or more instalments. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read 
and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes or Warrants and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any 
of the Dealers or the Arranger (as defined below). 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, 
under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the 
Issuer or the Issuer's consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the "BIL Group") since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there 
has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the BIL Group since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to 
the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes or 
Warrants shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer 
is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same.  The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs 
of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes or Warrants of any 
information coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES AND WARRANTS GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
any Notes or Warrants in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes or Warrants may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.  The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes or Warrants may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution 
or offering.  In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Notes or Warrants or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Notes or Warrants may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly,

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed 
or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes or 
Warrants may come must inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes or Warrants.  In particular, there 
are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes or Warrants in 
the United States, the European Economic Area (including, for these purposes, Belgium, France, 
Germany, Luxembourg and the Netherlands), the United Kingdom and Japan, see "Plan of Distribution". 
The Notes, the Warrants and the securities (if any) to be delivered under the terms of the Notes 
and the Warrants, have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States. The Notes include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. 
No Notes, or interests therein, may at any time be offered, sold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined 
herein) except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in 
accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction 
(see "Plan of Distribution"). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes or 
Warrants (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales 
to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes or Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, 
the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or Warrants or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes or 
Warrants (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales 
to UK Retail Investors", the Notes or Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the the UK’s European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the UK’s Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 (“MiFIR”) as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or Warrants or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes or 
Warrants (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes or Exempt Warrants) will include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment made 
by the relevant manufacturer(s) in respect of the Notes or Warrants and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes or Warrants as appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes or the Warrants (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes or the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes or Warrants is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Notes or Warrants, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes or 
Warrants (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes or Warrants and 
which channels for distribution of the Notes or Warrants are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes or Warrants (a distributor) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes or Warrants (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes or Warrants is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Notes or Warrants, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
No Notes or Warrants, or interests therein, may at any time be offered, sold, resold, transferred, 
pledged, delivered or redeemed, directly or indirectly, at any time in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined herein). Furthermore, neither the sale of nor trading 
in Notes or Warrants has been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
("CFTC") under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended ("CEA") No U.S. person (as 
defined herein) may at any time purchase, trade, exercise or maintain a position in Warrants unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms for the Warrants.  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and Warrants and on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Plan of Distribution". 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any copy hereof may be sent, taken into or distributed in the 
United States or to any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or in any other jurisdiction where to do 
so would be unlawful. This Base Prospectus may not be reproduced either in whole or in part, without 
the written permission of the Issuer. 
As used herein with respect to the Notes and ETF Linked Warrants, "U.S. person" means a 
person that is a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
As used herein with respect to the Warrants (other than ETF Linked Warrants) , "U.S. person" 
means a person that is any one or more of the following: (1) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act, (2) a "U.S. person" as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy 
Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the CFTC, or the 
final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements 
Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants promulgated by the CFTC, in each case, as 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, under the CEA, or (3) a person other than a 
"Non-United States person" as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes or Warrants constitutes an offer or an invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or any the Dealers to any person to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes or Warrants. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates 
(other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) or the Arranger makes any representation or warranty, 
express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or accepts any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other 
statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer (other than the Issuer in its 
capacity as Dealer) or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes 
or the Warrants. Nothing contained in this Base Prospectus is, or should be relied upon as, a promise 
or representation by the Arranger or a Dealer (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer). The 
Arranger and each Dealer (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) accordingly disclaims all and 
any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might 
otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
None of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (other than the Issuer in its capacity as 
Dealer) or the Arranger accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability 
assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds ("Green Bonds") or makes any representation, 
warranty or assurance whether such Green Bonds will meet any investor expectations or requirements 
regarding such “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or such other equivalent labels. None 
of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) or the 
Arranger is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Green Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of 
such use of proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) or the Arranger as to the suitability or reliability 
of any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Green 
Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers to 
buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. In the event any such Green Bonds are, or are intended to be, 
listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market, no representation or 
assurance is given by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (other than the Issuer in its capacity 
as Dealer) or the Arranger that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime 
of the Green Bonds. 
Neither the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (other than the Issuer in its capacity as 
Dealer) nor the Arranger have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible 
Portfolio (as defined in the risk factor "3.6 Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable 
investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets" in the section headed "Risk Factors" in 
this Base Prospectus), any verification of whether the Eligible Portfolio meets any eligibility criteria set 
out in the Green Bond Framework (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus)  
or the monitoring of the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) or the allocation of the proceeds to 
particular loans and investments that are the subject of, or related to, the Eligible Portfolio. 
Sustainalytics ("Second Party Opinion Provider"), has been appointed by the Issuer. Investors should 
refer to the Green Bond Framework, any Second Party Opinion (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" 
section of this Base Prospectus) and any public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the 
application of proceeds (allocation report) or of the environmental benefits (impact report) (each of 
which will be available in the following section of the Issuer’s website: https://www.bil.com/en/bil-
group/investor-relations/Pages/index.aspx and which, for the avoidance of doubt, will not be 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) for information. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes or Warrants (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes or Warrants should purchase any Notes or Warrants. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing the Notes or Warrants, as the case may be, should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuer. 
None of the Dealers (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) or the Arranger undertakes 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the BIL Group during the life of the 
arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in 
the Notes or Warrants of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
may over-allot Notes, or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes, at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate 
public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes, is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche of Notes, and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Stabilisation activities are not permitted in respect of the Warrants. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, 
references to "EUR" and "euro" are to the currency introduced pursuant to Article 109I(4) of the Treaty 
establishing the European Community as amended by the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty 
of Amsterdam and as further amended from time to time, to "GBP", "Pounds Sterling" and "Sterling" 
are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom and to "U.S.$", "USD" and "U.S. dollars" are to the 
lawful currency of the United States. 
Certain amounts which appear in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding 
adjustments; accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation 
of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 22 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES AND 
WARRANTS ........................................................................................................................... 45 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE........................................................................ 50 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ........................................................................................................... 52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES AND THE SENIOR NON PREFERRED 
NOTES ..................................................................................................................................... 53 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES ............................................... 124 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS .......................................................................... 161 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ...... 182 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE WARRANTS WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
 ............................................................................................................................................... 187 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 191 
BANQUE INTERNATIONALE À LUXEMBOURG, SOCIÉTÉ ANONYME .................................. 193 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................ 205 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION ............................................................................................................... 209 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (NON-EXEMPT / LESS THAN €100,000, OTHER THAN NOTES TO 
BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ONLY ON A REGULATED MARKET, OR A SPECIFIC 
SEGMENT OF A REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED 
INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS) ............................................................................................ 217 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (NON-EXEMPT/ €100,000 OR MORE AND NOTES TO BE 
ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKET, OR A SPECIFIC SEGMENT 
OF A REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE 
ACCESS) ............................................................................................................................... 244 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT (EXEMPT) ............................................................................ 268 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR THE WARRANTS (NON-EXEMPT) .......................................... 291 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR THE WARRANTS (EXEMPT) ................................... 303 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 310

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in particular, in relation to the 
terms and conditions of any particular tranche of Notes or Warrants, the applicable final terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes or Exempt Warrants, the applicable pricing supplement). The Issuer and any 
relevant Dealer may agree that Notes or Warrants shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated 
in the terms and conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes or Warrants other than Exempt Notes 
or Exempt Warrants and, if appropriate, a supplement to the Base Prospectus or a new Base 
Prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation"). 
Unless specified otherwise, words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes", "Terms 
and Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes" shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Information relating to the Issuer: 
Main business activities of Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme (“BIL” or 
the “Issuer”) cover the fields of commercial banking, private banking, financial banking, asset 
management and investment fund administration services. 
BIL was incorporated in Luxembourg on 8 March 1856 in the form of a société anonyme (public 
limited liability company), governed by Luxembourg law. Its registered office is located at 69, route 
d'Esch, Luxembourg, L-1470 Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, telephone number +352 45901. BIL is 
registered in the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies under number B6307. 
BIL's duration is unlimited. 
The objects of BIL are to undertake all banking and financial operations of whatsoever kind, 
and, inter alia, to accept deposits from the public or any other person or institutions and to grant credit 
for its own account. It may also undertake all activities reserved for investment firms and to other 
professionals in the financial sector and all financial, administrative, management and advisory 
operations directly or indirectly related to its activities. It may establish subsidiaries, branches and 
agencies in or outside Luxembourg and participate in all financial, commercial and industrial operations. 
Information relating to the Programme: 
 
Issuer: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
9CZ7TVMR36CYD5TZBS50 
Description: 
Programme for the issue of Euro Medium Term Notes and 
Warrants. 
Size: 
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other 
currencies at the date of issue) aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
Arranger: 
Goldman Sachs International 
Dealers: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
 
Credit Suisse International 
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
 
Nomura International plc 
 
UBS AG London Branch

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any dealer under the Programme or 
appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more 
Tranches of Notes or Warrants or in respect of the whole 
Programme. 
Information Relating to the Notes: 
 
Fiscal Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in series (each 
a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms 
otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of the 
first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
"Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which 
will 
be 
supplemented, where necessary, with supplemental 
terms and conditions and, save in respect of the issue 
date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of 
other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Final Terms") or in the case 
of Exempt Notes the relevant Pricing Supplement (the 
“Pricing Supplement”). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form only ("Bearer 
Notes"), in bearer form exchangeable for Registered 
Notes ("Exchangeable Bearer Notes") or in registered 
form only ("Registered Notes"). Each Tranche of Bearer 
Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes will initially be 
represented by a temporary Global Note if (i) definitive 
Notes are to be made available to Noteholders following 
the expiry of 40 days after their issue date or (ii) such 
Notes have an initial maturity of more than one year and 
are being issued in compliance with the D Rules (as 
defined in "Selling Restrictions"), otherwise such 
Tranche will be represented by a permanent Global Note. 
Registered Notes will be represented by Registered Note 
Certificates, one Registered Note Certificate being issued 
in respect of each Noteholder's entire holding of 
Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Note 
Certificates that are registered in the name of a nominee 
for one or more clearing systems are referred to as 
"Registered Note Global Certificates". 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and, in relation to 
any Tranche, such other clearing system as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Initial Delivery of Senior Notes and 
Senior Non Preferred Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, if the 
relevant Global Note is a NGN or the relevant Registered 
Note Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Global 
Note or the Registered Note Global Certificate will be 
delivered to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for 
each Tranche, if the relevant Global Note is a CGN or the 
relevant Registered Note Global Certificate is not held

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
under the NSS, (i) the Global Note representing Bearer 
Notes or Exchangeable Bearer Notes or (ii) the Registered 
Note Global Certificate representing Registered Notes 
may (or, in the case of Notes listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall) be deposited with 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Global Notes or Registered Note Global 
Certificates relating to Notes may also be deposited with 
any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any 
clearing system provided that, save in the case of delivery 
to Euroclear France, the method of such delivery has been 
agreed in advance by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Registered Notes that are to be credited to one or more 
clearing systems on issue will be registered in the name 
of nominees or a common nominee for such clearing 
systems. 
Initial Delivery of 
Subordinated Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche, the Global 
Note representing Bearer Notes or Exchangeable Bearer 
Notes or the Registered Note Certificate representing 
Registered Notes may be deposited with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Global Notes or Registered Note Certificates may also be 
deposited with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that, save 
in the case of delivery to Euroclear France, the method of 
such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. Registered Notes that are to be 
credited to one or more clearing systems on issue will be 
registered in the name of nominees or a common nominee 
for such clearing systems. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, Notes may be issued in any currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations 
and directives, Notes may have any maturity that is one 
month or greater and in the case of Subordinated Notes 
that are to constitute the Issuer's Tier 2 capital, they will 
have a maturity that is five years or greater. 
 
Under the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating 
to money market instruments having a maturity at issue of 
less than 12 months and complying also with the definition 
of securities are not subject to the approval provisions 
stated therein.  
Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note will be 
such amount as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €1,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency)). 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates 
in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes will bear interest: (a) prior to the First Reset 
Date, at the Initial Rate of Interest; and (b) thereafter, on

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
the basis of the Mid-Swap Rate plus the Margin, reset at 
specified intervals, all as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement).  
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined 
separately for each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement 
incorporating 
the 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA), 
and as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the 
relevant Series) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement); or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for 
each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal 
amount or at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Index Linked Notes and Equity 
Linked Notes: 
Payments of interest and principal in respect of Index 
Linked Notes and payments in respect of Equity Linked 
Notes will be calculated by reference to such index, share 
and/or formula or such other factor as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms (or in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement). 
In respect of Index Linked Notes, the underlying may not 
be an Index composed by the Issuer or any legal entity 
belonging to the same group, nor an Index provided by a 
legal entity or a natural person acting in association with, 
or on behalf of, the Issuer.  
In respect of Equity Linked Notes, notes that would be 
subject to Article 20.1 or 20.2(b) of the Delegated 
Regulation may not be issued under this Base 
Prospectus. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Dual 
Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes redeemable 
in one or more instalments. 
 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of 
principal or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) 
in respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect 
of which the issue price is paid in separate instalments in 
such amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue 
Notes which may be redeemed in separate instalments in 
such amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
THE ISSUER MAY AGREE WITH ANY DEALER THAT 
EXEMPT NOTES MAY BE ISSUED IN A FORM NOT 
CONTEMPLATED BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
OF THE NOTES (EXCEPT THAT, WHERE SUCH 
EXEMPT NOTES ARE TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING 
ON THE EURO MTF MARKET OF THE LUXEMBOURG 
STOCK EXCHANGE, SUCH VARIATIONS TO THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS SHALL NOT ENTAIL THE 
CREATION OF AN ENTIRELY NEW PRODUCT), IN 
WHICH EVENT THE RELEVANT PROVISIONS WILL 
BE INCLUDED IN THE APPLICABLE PRICING 
SUPPLEMENT. 
Interest Periods and 
Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the 
same interest period. All such information will be set out in 
the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Redemption: 
In the case of Senior Notes, the applicable Final Terms 
(or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than in the case of Exempt Notes in specified instalments, 
if applicable, or for taxation reasons or following an Event 
of Default (unless Restricted EOD Notes is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement)) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving 
notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may 
be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
In the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes or Senior Notes 
in respect of which Restricted EOD Notes is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) will 
indicate either that the relevant Notes cannot be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than in the 
case of Exempt Notes in specified instalments, if 
applicable, or for taxation reasons or upon the occurrence 
of an MREL Disqualification Event) or that such Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and 
on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the applicable Final 
Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) will indicate whether such Notes will 
be redeemable at the option of the Issuer or not and they 
shall be redeemable for taxation reasons or upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event and upon giving notice to 
the Noteholders, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The relevant Pricing Supplement issued in respect of each 
issue of Notes that are redeemable in two or more 
instalments will set out the dates on which, and the 
amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Optional Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement) issued in respect of each 
issue of Notes will state whether such Notes may be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and, in the case of Senior 
Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes only, at the option 
of the holders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption and, in the case of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or Senior Notes in respect of which Restricted EOD 
Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement only, at the option of the 
Issuer on the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification 
Event. Such redemption will be subject to (amongst other 
conditions) (i) such redemption being permitted by 
applicable MREL Regulations and subject to the Issuer 
obtaining Supervisory Permission therefor in the case of 
Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes and 
(ii) the prior approval of the Regulator in the case of 
Subordinated Notes. 
Status of Notes: 
Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
as described in "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes 
and the Senior Non Preferred Notes—Status".  
Senior Non Preferred Notes will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior (chirographaires) 
obligations of the Issuer and rank within the senior and 
unsecured liabilities of the Issuer: 
(i) 
pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other obligations or 
instruments of the Issuer that rank equally with 
the Senior Non Preferred Notes; 
(iii) 
senior to the Issuer’s Subordinated Obligations 
(as defined in the Conditions); and 
(iv) 
junior to the Issuer’s Statutory Ordinary Senior 
Liabilities (as defined in the Conditions). 
Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer as described in

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
"Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes—
Status".  
Negative Pledge: 
Applicable to Senior Notes (other than Restricted EOD 
Notes) only. See "Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes—Negative 
Pledge". 
No Set-off: 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder may exercise, 
claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation or 
retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer 
arising under, or in connection with, the Notes and each 
Noteholder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Notes, be 
deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, 
compensation or retention. 
Substitution and Variation (Senior 
Non Preferred Notes and Restricted 
EOD Notes only): 
In the event that an MREL Eligibility Event, a Rating 
Methodology Event (in respect of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes only), an Alignment Event or a Tax Event occurs 
and is continuing, the Issuer may substitute all (but not 
some only) of the Senior Non Preferred Notes or 
Restricted EOD Notes, as the case may be, or vary the 
terms of all (but not some only) of the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, as the case 
may be, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders, so that they become or 
remain Qualifying Notes subject to obtaining Supervisory 
Permission, if required. 
Waiver of Rights (Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and Restricted EOD 
Notes only) 
Noteholders will be deemed to have waived in insolvency 
and resolution scenarios applicable to the Issuer any and 
all claims, compensation and rights that they may 
otherwise have and whether arising under statute or as a 
matter of contract or otherwise if and to the extent that the 
amounts and/or other assets receivable by such 
Noteholders as a result of claims, compensation and 
rights attributable to such Senior Non Preferred Notes or 
Restricted EOD Notes, as the case may be would 
otherwise exceed the amounts and/or other assets which 
a holder of a notional security would be entitled to in such 
insolvency or, as applicable, resolution scenario. 
If and to the extent that its waiver of Relevant 
Compensation Rights is not otherwise effective in respect 
of Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, 
as the case may be, Noteholders shall, without the need 
for any further step or action on the part of any person, 
assign (and be treated as having assigned) irrevocably 
such Relevant Compensation Rights and any amounts 
and/or any certificates of entitlement or other assets 
attributable to such Relevant Compensation Rights 
(including any claim for damages) received or receivable 
by them to the relevant insolvency administrator or 
resolution authority or, if necessary, the Fiscal Agent (or 
such other person as is nominated by them for such 
purposes) as nominee for creditors in respect of Statutory 
Ordinary Senior Liabilities. 
Cross Default: 
Applicable to Senior Notes only (unless Restricted EOD 
Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement). See "Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes —Events of Default".

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above, 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior 
to maturity for tax reasons, illegality or following certain 
adjustment or disruption events or an automatic early 
redemption event (in the case of Senior Notes and Senior 
Non Preferred Notes) or upon the occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event (in the case of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or Senior Notes in respect of which Restricted EOD 
Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement) or a capital event (in the 
case of Subordinated Notes). Such redemption will be 
subject to (amongst other conditions) (i) such redemption 
being permitted by applicable MREL Regulations and 
subject to the Issuer obtaining Supervisory Permission 
therefor in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes or 
Restricted EOD Notes and (ii) the prior approval of the 
Regulator in the case of Subordinated Notes. See "Terms 
and Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes—Redemption, Purchase and Options", 
"Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes—Additional Provisions Applicable to 
Index Linked Notes", Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes—Additional 
Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes" or "Terms 
and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes—Redemption, 
Purchase and Options", as the case may be. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the 
Notes will be made free and clear of withholding taxes of 
Luxembourg, unless the withholding is required by law. In 
such event, the Issuer shall, subject to customary 
exceptions, pay such additional amounts as shall result in 
receipt by the Noteholder of such amounts as would have 
been received by it had no such withholding been 
required, all as described in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes—
Taxation" or "Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes—Taxation", as the case may be. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes will be governed by Luxembourg law.  
Listing/Admission to Trading: 
Admission to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admission to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Euro MTF 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement). As 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of 
Exempt Notes, Pricing Supplement) a Series of Notes 
may be unlisted. 
Notes Selling Restrictions: 
Notes may be issued to any investor subject to selling 
restrictions - United States, EEA, United Kingdom, 
Belgium, France, Germany, Japan and the Netherlands. 
See "Plan of Distribution". 
 
No Notes, or interests therein, may at any time be offered, 
sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. 
person (as defined herein) except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
securities laws of any state of the United States or any 
other jurisdiction (see "Plan of Distribution"). 
With respect to an issuance of Notes, the Issuer is a 
Category 2 issuer for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act. 
As used herein with respect to the Notes, "U.S. person" 
means a person that is a "U.S. person" as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
Bearer Notes and Exchangeable Bearer Notes will be 
issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163- 
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor United States Treasury 
regulation section, including without limitation, successor 
regulations issued in accordance with Internal Revenue 
Service Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection with 
the 
United 
States 
Hiring 
Incentives 
to 
Restore 
Employment Act of 2010) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the 
applicable Final Terms state that Notes are issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or 
any successor United States Treasury regulation section, 
including without limitation, successor regulations issued 
in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Notice 2012-
20 or otherwise in connection with the United States Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010) (the "C 
Rules") or (ii) the Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
"registration required obligations" under the United States 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, 
Pricing Supplement) as a transaction to which TEFRA is 
not applicable. 
Ratings: 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be 
rated or unrated.  Where a Series of Notes is rated, such 
rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the 
rating(s) assigned to the Programme.  A security rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Issuer has been rated A- by Standard & Poor's and 
A2 by Moody’s. 
Risk Factors: 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the 
Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is 
a wide range of factors which individually or together could 
result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments 
due in respect of the Notes.  It is not possible to identify all 
such factors or to determine which factors are most likely 
to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant 
factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to 
be material may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control.  The 
Issuer has identified a number of factors which could 
materially adversely affect its business and ability to make 
payments due under the Notes.  These factors include the 
creditworthiness of its customers and counterparties; the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
risks linked to the fluctuations of market prices, the risk of 
financial or non-financial impact resulting from inadequate 
or failed internal processes or systems, from people's 
failings or from external events; its exposure to 
counterparties in the financial services industry arising 
through trading, lending, deposit-taking, clearance and 
settlement 
and 
numerous 
other 
activities 
and 
relationships, 
including 
hedging 
and 
other 
risk 
management strategies utilised by the Issuer; the risk that 
the Issuer continues to hold sufficient funds to meet its 
contracted and contingent commitments to customers and 
counterparties; substantial regulation and regulatory 
oversight in the jurisdictions in which it operates, together 
with future regulatory developments, including changes to 
accounting standards and the amount of regulatory capital 
required to support the risk, fiscal and other policies that 
are adopted by the various regulatory authorities of the 
European Union, foreign governments and international 
agencies; the level of banking, finance and financial 
services required by its customers which is heavily 
dependent on customer confidence, market interest rates 
and other factors that affect the economy; strong 
competition across all its markets from local and 
international financial institutions including banks, building 
societies, life insurance companies and mutual insurance 
organisations. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the sale of the Notes will be used for 
the general funding purposes of the Issuer. If, in respect 
of any issue of Notes which are derivative securities, there 
is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, Pricing Supplement). 
Information Relating to the 
Warrants: 
 
Method of Issue: 
The Warrants will be issued on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. The Warrants will be issued in Series 
having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical, the Warrants of each Series being intended to 
be interchangeable with all other Warrants of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in Tranches on the same or 
different issue dates. The specific terms (the "Terms") of 
each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, 
issue price and number of Warrants comprising the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of 
the same Series) will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Final Terms for the Warrants").  
Issue Price: 
The Warrants may be issued at any issue price. The issue 
price will be specified in the Final Terms for the Warrants. 
Form of Warrants: 
The Warrants may be issued in bearer form only ("Bearer 
Warrants"), 
being 
capable 
of 
being 
purchased, 
transferred and exercised only through an account at 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Tranche of 
Warrants will be represented on issue by a permanent 
Global Warrant exchangeable for definitive Warrants in 
the limited circumstances specified in the permanent 
Global Warrant.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
Initial Delivery of Warrants: 
Permanent Global Warrants will be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg immediately prior to their issue date. 
Clearing Systems: 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and, in relation 
to any Tranche of Warrants, such other clearing system 
as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Terms of the Warrants: 
As set out in the applicable Final Terms for the Warrants, 
each Series of Warrants will entitle the Warrantholder (as 
defined in the general conditions of the Warrants (the 
"General Conditions")) to receive a cash amount or 
delivery of a share amount, as the case may be, from the 
Issuer calculated in accordance with the applicable Final 
Terms and the General Conditions. Each Final Terms for 
the Warrants will set forth certain information with respect 
to Warrants of the relevant Series (distinguishing between 
separate Tranches of Warrants, if applicable) including 
the index or exchange traded fund share, as the case may 
be, to which the Warrants are linked, the maximum 
aggregate number and type of Warrants, the date of issue, 
the issue price, the exercise price, the settlement amount, 
the exercise period or the exercise date or dates, the final 
exercise date and the settlement date, as applicable.  
In respect of Index Linked Warrants, the underlying may 
not be an Index composed by the Issuer or any legal entity 
belonging to the same group, nor an Index provided by a 
legal entity or a natural person acting in association with, 
or on behalf of, the Issuer. 
In respect of ETF Linked Warrants, warrants that would be 
subject to Article 20.1 or 20.2(b) of the Delegated 
Regulation may not be issued under this Base 
Prospectus.  
Exempt Warrants 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Warrants. 
THE ISSUER MAY AGREE WITH ANY DEALER THAT 
EXEMPT WARRANTS MAY BE ISSUED IN A FORM 
NOT 
CONTEMPLATED 
BY 
THE 
TERMS 
AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS (EXCEPT THAT, 
WHERE SUCH EXEMPT WARRANTS ARE TO BE 
ADMITTED TO TRADING ON THE EURO MTF MARKET 
OF THE LUXEMBOURG STOCK EXCHANGE, SUCH 
VARIATIONS TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
SHALL NOT ENTAIL THE CREATION OF AN 
ENTIRELY NEW PRODUCT), IN WHICH EVENT THE 
RELEVANT PROVISIONS WILL BE INCLUDED IN THE 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT. 
Important Notice 
for Investors: 
Investors should note that the Warrants create options 
exercisable by the relevant Warrantholder. There is no 
obligation upon any Warrantholder to exercise his Warrant 
nor, in the absence of such exercise in the case of 
Warrants to which automatic exercise does not apply, any 
obligation upon the Issuer to pay, deliver or cause to be 
paid or delivered any amount in respect of the Warrants. 
Upon exercise of any Warrants, Warrantholders will be 
required to make a certification in respect of certain laws 
of the United States (see "General Conditions of the 
Warrants—Exercise Procedure").

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Status of Warrants: 
The Warrants will constitute unsubordinated 
and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer. 
Events of Default and 
Negative Pledge: 
The Warrants will not contain any negative pledge or 
events of default. 
Termination for Illegality and certain 
adjustment and disruption events: 
The Issuer has the right to terminate any Warrants prior to 
exercise only if its performance under such Warrants has 
become unlawful or in the event of certain adjustment or 
disruption events. In such circumstances the Issuer will (to 
the extent permitted by applicable law) cause an amount 
to be paid to each Warrantholder in respect of each 
relevant Warrant which is the fair market value of such 
Warrant immediately prior to such termination plus any 
exercise price paid less all costs incurred by the Issuer or 
any of its affiliates. (See "General Conditions of the 
Warrants—Adjustment Provisions in relation to Index 
Linked Warrants", "General Conditions of the Warrants—
Adjustment Provisions in relation to ETF Linked Warrants" 
and "General Conditions of the Warrants—Illegality").  
Taxation: 
Warrantholders will be liable for any taxes, including 
withholding tax, arising in connection with the Warrants. 
Governing Law: 
The Warrants shall be governed by Luxembourg law. 
Listing/Admission to Trading: 
The official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admission to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Euro MTF market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or as otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms for the Warrants. As specified 
in the applicable Final Terms for the Warrants, a Series of 
Warrants may be unlisted. 
Warrants Selling Restrictions: 
Warrants may be issued to any investor subject to selling 
restrictions - United States, EEA, United Kingdom, 
Belgium, France, Germany, Japan and the Netherlands. 
See "Plan of Distribution".  
No Warrants, or interests therein, may at any time be 
offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged, delivered or 
redeemed, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as 
defined herein). Furthermore, neither the sale of nor 
trading in Warrants have been approved by the CFTC 
under the CEA, and no U.S. person (as defined herein) 
may at any time purchase, trade, exercise or maintain a 
position in Warrants unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms for the Warrants. 
As used herein with respect to the Warrants (other than 
ETF Linked Warrants) , "U.S. person" means a person 
that is any one or more of the following: (1) a "U.S. person" 
as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act, (2) a 
"U.S. person" as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and 
Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain 
Swap Regulations promulgated by the CFTC, or the final 
rule 
relating 
to 
Cross-Border 
Application 
of 
the 
Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements 
Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants 
promulgated by the CFTC, in each case, as amended, 
modified or supplemented from time to time, under the 
CEA, or (3) a person other than a "Non-United States 
person" as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
As used herein with respect to ETF Linked Warrants, "U.S. 
person" means a person that is a "U.S. person" as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act.] 
Risk Factors: 
There are risk factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Warrants. These include 
Credit Risk, Market Risk, Operational Risk, Counterparty 
Risk, Liquidity Risk, Risk Management, Regulatory Risk, 
uncertain economic conditions and competition. There are 
risk factors which are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with the Warrants. 
These include the risk that the Warrants may not be a 
suitable investment for all investors. There are risk factors 
that relate to the structure of a potential issue of Warrants. 
Investment in warrants involves a high degree of risk, 
certain factors affecting the value and trading price of 
warrants, limitations on exercise, minimum exercise 
amount, certain considerations regarding hedging and 
time lag after exercise. There are risks relating to the 
market generally. These include the secondary market 
generally, exchange rate risks and exchange controls, 
interest rate risks and credit ratings may not reflect all 
risks. Legal investment considerations may restrict certain 
investments. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the sale of the Warrants will be used 
for the general funding purposes of the Issuer. If, in 
respect of any issue of Warrants which are derivative 
securities, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms for the 
Warrants.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes or Warrants, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or 
otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes or Warrants. There is a wide 
range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all 
payments due in respect of the Notes or Warrants. The Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors 
and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a 
number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments 
due under the Notes and Warrants. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the 
Notes and the Warrants are also described below. 
Investing in the Notes or Warrants involves significant risks. Investors should reach their own 
investment decision only after consultation with their own financial and legal advisers about risks 
associated with an investment in the Notes and Warrants and the suitability of investing in the Notes or 
Warrants in light of the particular characteristics and terms of the Notes or Warrants and of the 
investors’ particular financial circumstances. As part of making an investment decision, an investor 
should make sure it thoroughly understands the terms of the Notes or Warrants. A potential investor 
should also carefully consider the risk factors and the other information contained in this Base 
Prospectus, and the other information included and incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
before deciding to invest in the Notes or Warrants, and it should evaluate (either alone or with the help 
of a financial advisor) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
an investment in the Notes or Warrants and an investor’s ability to bear the loss of all or a portion of 
an investor’s investment. All investors should make their own evaluations of the risks associated with 
an investment in the Notes or Warrants and consult their own professional advisers if necessary. The 
market price of the Notes or Warrants could decline due to the realisation of these risks, and investors 
could lose part or all of the value of their investments 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes and Warrants. 
The risk factors are presented in a limited number of categories depending on their nature. In each 
category the most material risk factor is mentioned first according to the assessment of the Issuer. The 
Issuer assessed the materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their occurrence and the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact. 
Words and expressions defined in the Conditions have the same meanings in this risk factor section. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS – RISK FACTORS 
Categories 
Page 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER ................................................................................ 23 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s activities ........................................................................ 23 
2. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s structure and funding requirements .............................. 24 
3. 
Risks relating to the regulatory environment and the market ..................................... 25 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES AND WARRANTS ................................................ 27 
1. 
Risks related to the particular nature of the Notes and Warrants ................................ 27 
2. 
Risks relating to specific product types which may be issued under the Programme 31 
3. 
Risks relating to regulation of the Notes and Warrants and the financial markets 
generally...................................................................................................................... 37

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
1. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s activities 
1.1 
Credit risk 
As a credit institution, the Issuer is exposed to the creditworthiness of its customers and 
counterparties. The Issuer may suffer losses related to the inability of its customers or other 
counterparties to meet their financial obligations. Nevertheless, counterparties classified as "Investment 
Grade" represent a large majority of the Issuer’s total exposure. 
One of the components of the solvency ratio is the risk-weighted assets ("RWA") that are used 
to determine the minimum amount of capital that must be held by banks and other institutions to reduce 
the risk of insolvency. During 2021, the Bank continued to strengthen its credit risk identification and 
measurement capabilities by implementing a number of material changes as per its Credit Risk & ECL 
Roadmap. These changes relate to Governance and Reporting (for example enriching the Credit Risk 
Dashboard with new or improved metrics), International Financial Reporting Standard 9 – Financial 
Instruments ("IFRS 9") (in particular Staging and Management Overlays), Moratoria, Immovable 
collateral valuation and Sectorial monitoring. Moreover on Credit Risk Pillar I model framework in 2021, 
BIL continued to invest time and resources in ensuring that it continues to comply with regulatory 
standards. During 2021, there were many challenges addressed to comply with the regulations, most 
notably the EBA IRB Repair Programme of which: (i) The PD, LGD and CCF Retail/Wealth models 
developed in 2020 have been validated and submitted for ECB approval, as well as a new LGD 
SME/Mid Corp model and, (ii) In order to further simplify the model landscape and address regulatory 
issues, regulatory capital requirements for the Financial Institution exposures have reverted to the 
Standardised Approach (ECB approval effective as of January 2022), which retired the Bank PD model 
from use. 
To note also that beyond regulatory matter, the Risk team has continued to develop a RAROC 
approach and tool in order to enhance the accurate view on Bank’s return on capital. 
The standardised method is also used for the calculation of the weighted operational risks of 
the Issuer. As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer's total RWAs amounted to EUR 10.2 billion, compared 
with EUR 9.2 billion at end of 2020 and 8.5 billion at end of 2019.  
Risk Weighted Assets growth of EUR 1 billion (+11%) between 2020 and 2021 is mainly driven 
by credit risk. Credit risk growth is related to the credit risk models and commercial loans’ portfolio. In 
addition, there is a follow-up regarding credit quality of the exposures, whether they are classified as 
non-performing or if with the forborne status, as follows: 
• 
Non-performing exposures - Non-performing loans 
According to the EBA definition, Non-Performing Exposures ("NPE") correspond to files 
classified in default, or in pre-litigation (past due period > 90 days) or all files from 
counterparties whose pre-litigated exposure represent at least 20% of their total exposure. 
Exposures in respect of which a default is considered to have occurred and exposures 
that have been identified as impaired are always considered as NPE. As of 31 December 
2021, BIL Group's NPE amounted to EUR 608 million regarding an exposition of EUR 20 
billion, leading to a ratio NPE/Total exposures of 3.11% and 2.66%, excluding non-core 
activities.  
• 
Forborne exposures  
According to the EBA definition: "Forborne exposures are debt contracts in respect of 
which forbearance measures have been extended. Forbearance measures consist of 
concessions towards a debtor facing or about to face difficulties in meeting their financial 
commitments” (the "Forborne Exposures"). Those measures include, in particular, the 
granting of extensions, postponements, renewals or changes in credit terms and 
conditions, including the repayment plan. As of 31 December 2021, BIL Group's Forborne 
Exposures amounted to EUR 934 million leading to a ratio Forborne Exposures/Total 
Exposures of 2.6%. 
Nevertheless, the Issuer cannot assume that it will not have to make significant additional 
provisions for possible bad and doubtful debts in future periods.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
1.2 
Money laundering, terrorist financing and other illegal or improper activities 
The Issuer is exposed to risks of fraud and other illegal activities, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business and financial condition. 
A major focus of governmental policy towards financial institutions in recent years has been 
fighting money laundering and terrorist financing. The risk that financial institutions will be subjected to 
or used for bribery or money laundering is higher in less developed markets. One of the core pillars of 
The Issuer’s strategy being private banking and wealth management operations, The Issuer is subject 
to greater compliance and regulatory risks and costs.   
Regulations applicable to the Issuer impose obligations to maintain effective policies, 
procedures and controls to detect, prevent and report money laundering and terrorist financing, and to 
verify the identity of its clients. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programmes to combat 
money laundering and terrorist financing could have serious consequences, such as regulatory, 
litigation and reputational risks. 
The Issuer closely monitors and reviews its anti-money laundering and terrorist financing 
framework on an ongoing basis, as part of its risk mitigation strategy.  
1.3 
ICT & Security Risk 
Information and Communication Technology ("ICT") and security risk includes risk of loss due 
to: 
• 
breach of confidentiality, failure of integrity of systems and data; 
• 
inappropriateness or unavailability of systems and data;  
• 
inability to change information technology within a reasonable time and with reasonable 
costs when the environment or business requirements change;  
• 
security risks resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes; 
• 
external events including cyber-attacks; and 
• 
inadequate physical security to protect BIL’s information and information systems. 
Events can be categorised in multiple ways and may be the result of deliberately malicious acts, 
such as a hacker carrying out an attack with the aim of compromising sensitive information, but they 
may also be unintentional, such as user error that makes a system temporarily unavailable. Risk events 
may come from sources outside the organisation, such as cybercriminals or supply chain partners, or 
sources inside the organisation such as employees or contractors. The Issuer has set up a dedicated 
"ICT and Security Risk Management Charter" to frame the management of ICT risks, and in particular 
define: 
• 
the objective and scope of ICT & Security risk management; 
• 
the high level operating model as well as roles and responsibilities across multiple lines of 
defense; 
• 
the requirements for an ICT & Security risk management processes for identifying, 
evaluating and treating these risks; and 
• 
the requirements for the ICT & Security risk reporting. 
This Charter is complemented by the Business Continuity Management and Crisis 
Management charter that defines the objectives, methodology and governance to ensure the continuity 
of the critical activities. 
2. 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s structure and funding requirements 
2.1 
Concentration Risk 
The concentration risk is the exposure(s) that may arise within or across different risk categories 
throughout the Issuer with the potential to produce: (i) losses large enough to threaten the Issuer’s 
health or ability to maintain its core operations or (ii) a material change in the Issuer’s risk profile. 
Concentration risk can have an impact on Issuer’s capital, liquidity and earnings. 
For example, an Issuer highly dependent for its profits on a single business sector and/or a 
single geographic area may be affected to a greater extent by sectoral or regional business cycles.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
Different sources of income may not be independent of each other. These interdependencies should 
be taken into account when assessing concentration risk. The business concentration may increase 
vulnerability with regard to specific cycles, business and geographic specialisation may still enhance 
the performance of the Issuer, since focusing on specific sectors, products or regions may generate 
business concentration risk. 
Some concentration risks have been identified in connection with the Issuer as following: 
• 
Geographical concentration risk:  
Such risk describes the level of risk in the Issuer's portfolio arising from concentration to a 
single sector or country. This risk arises from the observation that more concentrated 
portfolios are less diverse and therefore the returns on the underlying assets are more 
correlated. As far as the Issuer is concerned, the concentration risk is considered as one 
of main risks with the highest potential impact on the Issuer. 
• 
Business/Key clients concentration risk:  
In 2021 and in line with BIL Group’s business model and strategy, the "Individuals", "SME" 
and "Self-Employed" segment remained the Issuer's largest portfolio, representing around 
35% of the overall exposure. The "Central Governments" exposure weighting slightly 
increased compared with the previous year but remained the second segment of the 
Bank’s portfolio, representing 34% of the overall exposure. Exposures to "Financial 
Institutions" decreased compared to the end of 2020, representing 11.1% of the overall 
exposures, while the weight of "Corporate" slightly increased compared to 2020 (18.3%). 
2.2 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk measures the Issuer's ability to meet its current and future liquidity requirements, 
both expected and unexpected, whether or not the situation deteriorates. 
The objective of liquidity management is to ensure that, at all times, the Issuer holds sufficient 
funds to meet its contracted and contingent commitments to customers and counterparties, at an 
economic price. All the main issues regarding liquidity risk are directly managed by the Issuer's "Asset 
and Liability Management" function, which manages the Issuer's resources and their use, in particular 
the adequacy of expected new lending production with the available resources and the Issuer's liquidity 
needs. In this context, the BIL Group addresses its structural liquidity risk through governance and 
controls put in place (realised by the Issuer’s risk management department), as well as the follow up 
made of its main liquidity ratios.  
The liquidity management process is based upon covering funding requirements with available 
liquidity reserves. Funding requirements are assessed carefully, dynamically and comprehensively by 
taking the existing and planned on and off-balance sheet asset and liability transactions into 
consideration.  
The Issuer notably manages its liquidity needs through the regulatory liquidity ratios with a 
short-term view ("LCR", Liquidity Coverage Ratio) and with a long-term view ("NSFR", Net Stable 
Funding Requirement). 
• 
LCR - is the main regulatory short-term liquidity reference indicator. It requires the Issuer 
to hold a sufficient level of high-quality liquid assets ("HQLA") to cover its total net cash 
outflows over 30 days. As of 31 December 2021, BIL Group's LCR amounted to 142%.  
• 
NSFR - is a regulatory minimum requirement reflecting the longer-term liquidity position of 
an institution. It requires the available amount of stable funding ("ASF", Liability side) to 
exceed the required amount of stable funding ("RSF", Asset side) over a one-year period 
of extended stress. As of 31 December 2021, BIL Group's NSFR amounted to 127%.  
3. 
Risks relating to the regulatory environment and the market 
3.1 
Regulatory risk 
The Issuer being classified as "other systemically important institution" authorised in 
Luxembourg by the European Central Bank (the “ECB”), the Issuer's business activities are subject to 
substantial regulation and regulatory oversight in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Current, together 
with future regulatory developments, including changes to accounting standards and the amount of 
regulatory capital required to support the risk, could have an adverse effect impacting on how the Issuer 
conducts its business and on the results of its operations. The Issuer's business and earnings are also

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
affected by fiscal and other policies that are adopted by the various regulatory authorities of the 
European Union, foreign governments and international agencies.  
With the growing number of legal and prudential requirements, the Issuer has set up a groupe-
wide legal and regulatory watch within its "Regulatory Affairs" department with the support of different 
regulatory experts, including "Risk and Finance" representatives.  
3.2 
Market risk 
Market risks are all the risks linked to the fluctuations of market prices, including, principally, 
exposure to loss arising from adverse movements stemming from the Issuer's capital market activities. 
Due to the nature of its activity, the Issuer is prevented from assuming significant exposure to market 
risk. It does not act as a market maker and therefore has very small exposure mainly linked to its short-
term cash management. Market risks generated by the commercial businesses are generally hedged 
and residual risks are handled by the asset and liability management function. 
3.3 
Infectious disease risk 
The recent emergence of coronavirus (named COVID 19 by the World Health Organisation) in 
2020 and any outbreak, future outbreaks or measures taken by governments of countries in response 
to it and which are all beyond the reasonable control of the Issuer: 
• 
could result in the increased volatility of financial markets globally, a negative impact on 
the economy and activities of the Issuer and in a global economic recession; 
• 
could result in restrictions on travel and public transport, prolonged closures or suspension 
of workplaces and the quarantine of employees, which may restrict the Issuer’s operations 
in various ways in the affected regions;  
• 
could adversely affect overall investor sentiment due to sporadic volatility in global markets 
and possible material disruptions to the Issuer’s business, which in turn may and adversely 
affect the Issuer. 
3.4 
Russia – Ukraine Conflict 
International concerns about the effects of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and 
concomitant sanctions activity have created significant uncertainty in global markets. The extent of 
these effects may not be known for some time. The conflict between Russia and Ukraine and 
concomitant sanctions activity by various countries could have significant negative impacts on the global 
economy and lead to widespread market downturns. Whilst the Issuer does not have any exposure in 
the Russian or Ukrainian markets, the conflict, sanctions and related events could cause disruptions in 
the capital markets that could adversely affect the value or liquidity of financial instruments such as the 
Notes or Warrants. The length of such a conflict or its consequences cannot be predicted.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES AND WARRANTS 
1. 
Risks related to the particular nature of the Notes and Warrants 
1.1 
Holders of Subordinated Notes will be required to absorb losses in the event the Issuer 
becomes non-viable or if the conditions for the exercise of resolution powers are met 
Holders of Subordinated Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion into equity on 
application of such mandatory write-down or conversion powers (without requiring such holders' 
consent), which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. Any indication or 
perception that Notes will become subject to such non-viability loss absorption measure could have an 
adverse effect on the market price of the relevant Notes. 
1.2 
Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible liabilities, including the Senior Notes 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund, as 
amended (the "SRM Regulation"), amongst other things, provides the Single Resolution Board (the 
"SRB") and the national resolution authorities of participating EU Member States (in the Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, the CSSF acting in its capacity of resolution authority (the "Luxembourg Resolution 
Authority")) with a set of resolution tools and resolution powers. These include the power (i) to sell or 
merge the business operations or parts of the individual business units with another bank (sale of 
business tool), or (ii) to set up a temporary bridge bank to operate critical functions, rights or liabilities 
(bridge institution tool). Furthermore, among others, these include the power (iii) to separate sound 
assets from impaired assets or assets at risk of default (asset separation tool), or (iv) to convert bail-
inable liabilities (as defined in Article 3(1)(49) of the SRM Regulation) of the Issuer, including liabilities 
under the Notes and Warrants, into equity of the Issuer or another legal entity or to permanently reduce 
their principal amount to potentially zero (the "Bail-in Tool"), or (v) to amend the terms and conditions 
of the Notes and Warrants. 
In the event of a resolution of the Issuer, the Luxembourg Resolution Authority shall implement 
all decisions concerning such resolution addressed to it by the SRB. The SRB may only instruct the 
Luxembourg Resolution Authority in accordance with the procedure set out in Article 18 of the SRM 
Regulation if the following conditions are met: (a) the Issuer is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of the Issuer 
within a reasonable timeframe and (c) a resolution action is necessary in the public interest. For those 
purposes, subject to the SRM Regulation, the Luxembourg Resolution Authority shall exercise its 
powers in accordance with the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 2015 on the failure of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended (the "Resolution Law") which implemented Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 providing for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (the "BRRD"). The Luxembourg Resolution Authority has, inter alia, the power to 
impose, in certain circumstances, a suspension of activities. Any suspension of activities can, to the 
extent determined by the Luxembourg Resolution Authority, result in the partial or complete suspension 
of the performance of agreements entered into by the Issuer. 
On 7 June 2019, as part of the amendments to, among others, the BRRD and the SRM 
Regulation, Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions 
and investment firms (the "BRRD II") and Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the SRM Regulation as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (the "SRM II Regulation" and, 
together with the BRRD II, the "Banking Reforms") have been published in the Official Journal of the 
EU. The Banking Reforms, provide, among others, for the introduction of a new pre-resolution 
moratorium tool as a temporary measure and new suspension powers which the SRB or the 
Luxembourg Resolution Authority, as applicable, will be able use within the resolution period. Any 
suspension of activities of the Issuer, as stated above, may result in the partial or complete suspension 
of the performance of agreements (including any payment or delivery obligation) entered into by the 
Issuer.  
The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely 
affect the rights of the holders of the Notes and Warrants, the price or value of their investment in any 
such Note and Warrant and/or the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under any such Note 
and/or Warrant.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
1.3 
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will 
rank junior to the claims of creditors in respect of unsubordinated obligations and certain other 
subordinated obligations (as described in Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes). 
In the case of any Subordinated Notes, if an order is made or an effective resolution passed for 
the liquidation of the Issuer, the Issuer will be required to pay the holders of senior debt and meet its 
obligations to all its other creditors (including unsecured creditors but excluding any obligations in 
respect of subordinated debt) in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this 
occurs, the Issuer may not have sufficient assets remaining after these payments to pay all amounts 
due under the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
Although the Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than securities which are 
not, or not as, subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in subordinated securities such as the 
Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
1.4 
Senior Non Preferred Notes are senior non preferred obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations 
Senior Non Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior 
(chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer according to the ranking referred to in article 108-2(c) of the 
BRRD and the ranking referred to in the Luxembourg law of 25 July 2018 (amending the Resolution 
Law in this respect) and rank within the senior and unsecured liabilities of the Issuer: 
(i) 
pari passu and without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank equally with 
the Senior Non Preferred Notes; 
(iii) 
senior to the Issuer’s Subordinated Obligations (as defined in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes); and 
(iv) 
junior to the Issuer’s Statutory Ordinary Senior Liabilities (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes). 
Upon the insolvency of the Issuer or if any order is made or resolution passed for the of the 
Issuer, save as may be provided by mandatory applicable legislation in relation to creditors’ rights, 
Noteholders will have a right to payment under Senior Non Preferred Notes: 
(i) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full in respect of the Issuer's Statutory Ordinary 
Senior Liabilities or any claims benefiting from statutory preferences or otherwise 
ranking in priority to Senior Non Preferred Notes; and 
(ii) 
in full, in priority to claims in respect of the Issuer's Subordinated Obligations and other 
claims otherwise ranking junior to the Second Ranking Senior Liabilities (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes). 
The Issuer’s Statutory Ordinary Senior Liabilities would include, among other liabilities, its 
deposit obligations, its obligations in respect of derivatives and other financial contracts and its 
unsecured and unsubordinated debt securities that are not expressed to rank pari passu with Senior 
Non Preferred Notes or other Senior Parity Liabilities (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes). If the Issuer does not have sufficient assets to settle 
the claims of higher ranking creditors in full, the claims of the Noteholders under Senior Non Preferred 
Notes will not be satisfied. Noteholders will share equally in any distribution of assets available to satisfy 
all claims in respect of its senior and unsecured liabilities with the creditors under any other Senior 
Parity Liabilities if the Issuer does not have sufficient funds to make full payment to all of them. 
In addition, in the event of the exercise of a Bail-in Tool, the Issuer’s eligible liabilities (including 
Senior Non Preferred Notes) could be subject to bail-in, meaning the potential write-down or conversion 
into equity securities or other instruments. See “Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible liabilities, 
including the Senior Notes” above. The sequence of any resulting write-down or conversion of eligible 
instruments under Article 48 of the BRRD and Article 49 of the Resolution Law provides for claims to 
be written-down or converted into equity in accordance with the hierarchy of claims provided in the 
Resolution Law. Because the terms of Senior Non Preferred Notes will provide that they are senior non 
preferred liabilities, the Issuer expects them to be written down or converted in full after any of its 
Subordinated Obligations and before any of its Statutory Ordinary Senior Liabilities are written down or 
converted.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
1.5 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing additional debt, which may rank pari passu 
with or senior to the Notes and Warrants 
There is no restriction on the amount of debt that the Issuer or its subsidiaries may issue, which 
ranks pari passu with or senior to the Notes and Warrants. The issue of any such debt or securities may 
reduce the amount recoverable by investors upon the Issuer’s insolvency. If the Issuer’s financial 
condition were to deteriorate, the holders of Notes and Warrants could suffer direct and materially 
adverse consequences and, if the Issuer were liquidated (whether voluntarily or involuntarily), the 
holders of Notes and Warrants could suffer loss of their entire investment. 
1.6 
The Notes are subject to early redemption by the Issuer, subject to certain conditions 
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity 
Unless the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement) specify otherwise, in the event that as a result of a change in law or regulations of 
Luxembourg (or in the official application of such laws or regulations) or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application of such laws or 
regulations which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, which change 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Regulator was material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes (i) (A) the Issuer has or would become obliged 
to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes, and (B) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable 
measures available to it; or (ii) the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in respect of any 
payments in computing its taxation liabilities or the amount of the deduction would be materially 
reduced, provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or would not be 
entitled to claim a deduction were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. The Issuer may redeem 
all outstanding Notes in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Subordinated Notes, subject 
to the prior consent of the Regulator and satisfaction of certain requirements. 
In addition, unless the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) specify otherwise, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes upon the 
occurrence of a Capital Event, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, 
subject to the consent of the Regulator and satisfaction of certain requirements. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on such Notes being redeemed and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and Restricted EOD Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity upon the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem Senior Non Preferred Notes and Restricted EOD Notes 
upon or following the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event (See definition in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes). 
The early redemption of Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes that qualify as 
eligible liabilities may be subject in the future to the supervisory permission of the competent authority.  
As part of the Banking Reforms, Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms 
(such amended act, the "CRR") has been adopted. The Banking Reforms and the CRR require that the 
Issuer shall obtain the prior permission of the resolution authority to effect the call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase of MREL Eligible Instruments prior to the date of their contractual maturity.  
According to Article 78a of the CRR, such consent will be given only if either of the following 
conditions are met:  
(i) 
before or at the same time of, the redemption request, the Issuer replaces the MREL 
Eligible Instruments with own funds or eligible liabilities instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the own 
funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer would, following the redemption request, 
exceed the MREL requirements (as a requirement in MREL Regulations) by a margin

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
that the resolution authority, in agreement with the competent authority considers 
necessary; or  
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the resolution authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the MREL Eligible Instruments with own funds instruments 
is necessary to ensure compliance with the own funds requirements for continuing 
authorisation. 
It is not possible to predict whether or not any Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD 
Notes will qualify as MREL Eligible Instruments or if any further change in the laws or regulations of 
Luxembourg will occur in relation to the applicable MREL Regulations and so lead to the circumstances 
in which the Issuer is able to elect to redeem the Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, 
and if so whether or not the Issuer will elect to exercise such option to redeem any Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or Restricted EOD Notes or any prior consent of the competent authority, if required, will be given. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes when its 
cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on such Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD 
Notes, as applicable. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on such Senior Non Preferred Notes 
or Restricted EOD Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
1.7 
There are no events of default (other than in limited events such as a liquidation of the 
Issuer) allowing acceleration of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes 
or of the Subordinated Notes  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes in relation to the Senior Non Preferred Notes, the 
Restricted EOD Notes and the Subordinated Notes do not provide for events of default (other than in 
limited events such as a liquidation of the Issuer as provided in Condition 11(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes and Condition 9 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes allowing acceleration of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
Restriced EOD Notes and the Subordinated Notes if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer fails 
to meet any obligations under the Subordinated Notes or, as the case may be, the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, including the payment of any interest, investors will not have the right 
of acceleration of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole remedy available to Noteholders for 
recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest on the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Restricted EOD Notes or the Subordinated Notes will be the institution of proceedings 
for the liquidation of the Issuer in Luxembourg. 
1.8 
Substitution and variation relating to certain Senior Non Preferred Notes and Restricted 
EOD Notes without Noteholder consent  
Subject to the provisions of Condition 13 of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and 
the Senior Non Preferred Notes, if an MREL Eligibility Event, a Rating Methodology Event (in respect 
of Senior Non Preferred Notes only), an Alignment Event and/or a Tax Event (each term as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non Preferred Notes) occurs, the Issuer 
may, at its option, and without further consent or approval of the Noteholders, elect either (i) to substitute 
all (but not some only) of the Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, as applicable, or 
(ii) to modify the terms of all (but not some only) of such Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD 
Notes, as applicable, in each case so that they are substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain, 
Qualifying Notes (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes). While Qualifying Notes generally must contain terms that are materially no less 
favourable to Noteholders as the original terms of the Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD 
Notes, as applicable, there can be no assurance that the terms of any Qualifying Notes will be viewed 
by the market as equally favourable, or that the Qualifying Notes will trade at prices that are equal to 
the prices at which the Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, as applicable would have 
traded on the basis of their original terms. 
Further, prior to the making of any such substitution or variation, the Issuer, shall not be obliged 
to have regard to the tax position of individual Noteholders or to the tax consequences of any such 
substitution or variation for individual Noteholders. No Noteholder shall be entitled to claim, whether 
from the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any 
tax consequence of any such substitution or variation upon individual Noteholders.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
1.9 
Limitation on gross-up obligation under the Subordinated Notes 
The obligation under Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes to pay 
additional amounts in the event of any withholding or deduction in respect of taxes on any payments 
under the terms of Subordinated Notes applies only to payments of interest and not to payments of 
principal. As such, the Issuer would not be required to pay any additional amounts under the terms of 
the Subordinated Notes to the extent any withholding or deduction applied to payments of principal. 
Accordingly, if any such withholding or deduction were to apply to any payments of principal under any 
Subordinated Notes, Noteholders may receive less than the full amount of principal due under such 
Notes upon redemption, and the market value of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
1.10 
Impact of BRRD II on the ranking of fully or partially recognised own fund instruments 
According to the article 48(7) of BRRD II (as implemented into Luxembourg law by article 152(4) 
of the BRR Act 2015), liabilities resulting from fully or partially recognised own funds instruments (within 
the meaning of the CRR) shall rank junior to all other liabilities. This would entail that, regardless of their 
contractual ranking, liabilities that are no longer at least partially recognised as an own funds instrument 
for the purpose of the CRR shall rank senior to any liabilities fully or partially recognised as an own 
funds instrument. Accordingly, in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer will, 
inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that 
no longer fully or partially are recognised as an own funds instrument (within the meaning of the CRR) 
in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes qualifying as own funds of the Issuer.  
2. 
Risks relating to specific product types which may be issued under the Programme  
2.1 
An investor might receive less interest than expected or no interest in respect of Index 
Linked Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount invested by it 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or 
formula (each, a "Relevant Factor"). In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest 
payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are 
denominated.  Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency 
than expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one 
or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on 
principal or interest payable likely will be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even 
if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the 
change in the Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an 
indication of the future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, 
each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an 
investment in any Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its 
particular circumstances. 
2.2 
Notes linked to an Underlying Reference give no claim against any Underlying Reference 
A Note will not represent a claim against any underlying reference asset(s) (an "Underlying 
Reference") to which the amount of principal and/or interest payable or amount of specified assets 
deliverable in respect of the Notes is dependent and, in the event that the amount paid by the Issuer or 
value of the specified assets delivered on redemption of the Notes is less than the principal amount of 
the Notes, a Noteholder will not have recourse under a Note to any Underlying Reference. In addition, 
investing in a Note will not entitle the Noteholder to benefit from a voting right (if any) attached to an 
Underlying Reference.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
An investment in Notes linked to an Underlying Reference may entail significant risks not 
associated with investments in conventional debt securities, including but not limited to the risks set out 
in this section "Risks relating to specific product types which may be issued under the Programme". 
The amount paid or value of the specified assets delivered by the Issuer on redemption of such Notes 
may be less than the principal amount of the Notes, together with any accrued interest, and may in 
certain circumstances be zero. 
Furthermore, if the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) 
provide that the exposure of any Index Linked Notes and Equity Linked Notes is limited or capped to a 
certain level or amount, such Notes will not benefit from any upside in the value of any such Underlying 
References beyond such limit or cap.  
2.3 
Investors in Equity Linked Notes are exposed to volatility risks, leverage risks or 
performance of the share risks 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the amount of principal payable is dependent upon the price 
of, or changes in the price of, share(s) or where, depending on the price of or change in the price of 
shares, on redemption the Issuer's obligation is to deliver specified assets. 
Potential investors in any such Notes should be aware that depending on the terms of the Equity 
Linked Notes (i) payment of principal or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time 
than expected and (ii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
The market price of such Notes may be volatile and may be affected by the time remaining to 
the redemption date, the volatility of the share(s), the dividend rate (if any) and the financial results and 
prospects of the issuer or issuers of the relevant share(s) as well as economic, financial and political 
events in one or more jurisdictions, including factors affecting the stock exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) on which any such shares may be traded. 
2.4 
Market disruption and adjustments provisions may affect the value and liquidity of the 
Notes as well as postpone due dates for payment 
If an issue of Index Linked Notes or Equity Linked Notes includes provisions dealing with the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event or any other event, however defined, set out under Conditions 
21 and 22 and affecting such Note (a "Disruption Event") on a Valuation Date or any other relevant 
date and the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption Event has occurred or exists on such 
Valuation Date, any consequential postponement of the Valuation Date, or any other relevant date, 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in any such Notes may have an adverse effect on the value 
and liquidity of such Notes. The timing of such dates (as scheduled or as so postponed or adjusted) 
may affect the value of the relevant Notes such that the Noteholder may receive a lower cash 
redemption amount and/or interest amount or other payment under the relevant Notes than otherwise 
would have been the case. In addition, any such consequential postponement may result in the 
postponement of the relevant due date for payment under the Notes and/or Maturity Date. 
2.5 
Physical Delivery Notes involve specific risks linked to the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event 
The value of Notes to be settled by way of physical delivery may be affected and/or the 
settlement of such Notes may be delayed if in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Share 
Amount (being the amount of relevant asset relating to each Note as set out in the Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes)) using the method of delivery specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes), or such other commercially 
reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has determined, is impracticable because a Settlement 
Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing on the Delivery Date. A Settlement Disruption Event is 
an event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
delivery of the specified assets to be delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer is not practicable. 
2.6 
The market value for Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor can be volatile 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other 
similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do 
not include those features.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
2.7 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any 
subsequent instalment of the issue price could lose all of his investment 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any 
failure by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could 
result in such investor losing all of his investment. 
2.8 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market 
value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Notes (including "Redemption for Taxation Reasons" as 
provided for in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes) is likely to limit their market value. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect, or is perceived to be able to elect, to redeem Notes, the 
market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be 
redeemed. This may also be true prior to any redemption period. 
In respect of Notes which are conventional debt securities, the Issuer may be expected to 
redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower, or is perceived to be lower, than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be 
able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
2.9 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate, this may affect the secondary market and the 
market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any 
conversion of the interest basis may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the 
Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be 
less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. 
Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
2.10 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance their rate of return on Floating Rate 
Notes 
A key difference between (i) Floating Rate Notes and (ii) Fixed Rate Notes is that interest 
income on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, investors are not 
able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their 
return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods. 
If the terms and conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest payment dates, investors are 
exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the 
interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
2.11 
Investors who purchase Range Accrual Notes will be exposed to the risk of a more 
volatile and fluctuating rate of interest compared to a traditional floating rate note and 
consequently variable and more volatile interest amounts. 
Investors should also note that the coupon amount payable in respect of Range Accrual Notes 
will depend on the frequency with which the Range Accrual Reference Rate falls between the Lower 
Range and the Upper Range during the relevant Interest Period. The fewer the number of days the 
Range Accrual Reference Rate falls in this range during the relevant Interest Period, the lower the 
relevant interest in respect of such Interest Period. As a result, the interest amounts payable in respect 
of the Range Accrual Notes (and therefore the market value of the Range Accrual Notes) may be more 
volatile than for floating rate securities that do not include this feature. 
Range Accrual Notes bearing or paying a floating or other variable rate of interest either will 
pay or, depending on the fulfilment of certain conditions, may pay a variable amount of interest on 
specified interest payment dates. Range Accrual Notes which bear or pay floating or other variable 
interest rates can be volatile investments. Investors who purchase Range Accrual Notes with a floating 
or other variable rate of interest, will be exposed to the risk of a fluctuating rate of interest and 
consequently variable interest amounts.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
2.12 
The reset of the rate of interest of Reset Notes may affect the secondary market for and 
the market value of such Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and 
the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate"). The 
Subsequent Reset Rate for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in 
the Reset Notes. 
2.13 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted Notes 
Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero 
Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are 
substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price 
losses than other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero 
Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. 
2.14 
Fluctuating market value for Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) 
or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
2.15 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market 
interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed 
Rate Notes. 
2.16 
Risks relating to Reference Item Linked Warrants  
Index Linked Warrants and ETF Linked Warrants (the "Reference Item Linked Warrants") 
involve a high degree of risk, which may include, among others, interest rate, foreign exchange and 
time value and political risks. Purchasers should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase 
price of the Warrants. This risk reflects the nature of such a Warrant as an asset which, other factors 
held constant, tends to decline in value over time and which may become worthless. 
Reference Item Linked Warrants will represent an investment linked to the economic 
performance of one specified Reference Item (either an index or a share in an exchange traded fund) 
and prospective investors should note that the return (if any) on their investment in such Warrants will 
depend upon the performance of the relevant Reference Item. Furthermore, whilst the market value of 
such Warrants is linked to the relevant Reference Item and will be influenced (positively or negatively) 
by such Reference Item, any change may not be comparable and may be disproportionate. It is 
impossible to predict how the level of the relevant Reference Item will vary over time. In contrast to a 
direct investment in the relevant Reference Item, Warrants represent the right to receive payment or 
delivery, as the case may be, of the Cash Settlement Amount, the Share Amount or the Early 
Cancellation Amount, as the case may be, all or some of which and the value of which will be determined 
by reference to the performance of the relevant Reference Item. 
As the amounts payable and/or deliverable in respect of Reference Item Linked Warrants are 
linked to the performance of the relevant Reference Item, a purchaser of such a Warrant must generally 
be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value of the relevant 
Reference Item. Assuming all other factors are held constant, the lower the value of such a Warrant 
and the shorter the remaining term to expiration (in the case of a Warrant), the greater the risk that 
purchasers of such Warrant will lose all or part of their investment. 
Reference Item Linked Warrants are non-principal protected. Investors in Reference Item 
Linked Warrants that are non-principal protected may risk losing their entire investment if the value of 
the relevant Reference Item(s) does not move in the anticipated direction. 
Fluctuations in the value and/or volatility of the relevant Reference Item will affect the value of 
the relevant Warrants.  Other factors which may influence the market value of Warrants include the

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
creditworthiness of the Issuer, general market sentiment, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, time 
value, potential dividend or interest payments (as applicable) in respect of the relevant Reference Item, 
changes in the method of calculating the relevant Reference Item from time to time and market 
expectations regarding the future performance of the relevant Reference Item, its composition and such 
Warrants. 
The Issuer may issue several issues of Warrants relating to a particular Reference Item. 
2.17 
Risks relating to Index Linked Warrants 
The Issuer may issue Index Linked Warrants where the Cash Settlement Amount is dependent 
upon the level of or changes in the level of an index.  The index may comprise of reference equities, 
bonds, other securities, property, currency exchange rate or other assets or bases of reference, and 
may be a well-known and widely published index or indices or an index or indices established by the 
Issuer, an affiliate of the Issuer or another entity which may not be widely published or available. An 
investment in Index Linked Warrants will entail significant risks not associated with a debt security. 
Index Linked Warrants may be redeemable by the Issuer by payment of an amount determined 
by reference to the value of the index. 
The level of an index is based on the value of the assets or reference bases notionally 
comprised in such index, although prospective investors should note that the level of the index at any 
time may not include the reinvestment of the yield (if any) on the assets or reference bases notionally 
comprised in the index. Prospective investors should understand that global economic, financial and 
political developments, among other things, may have a material effect on the value of the assets or 
reference bases notionally comprising such index and/or the performance of the index. 
Fluctuations in the value of an index and changes in the price or market value or level of the 
assets or reference bases notionally contained in an Index and/or changes in the circumstances of the 
issuers or sponsors of such assets or reference bases, might have an adverse effect on the level of an 
index and affect the value of Warrants. 
Potential investors in Index Linked Warrants should be aware that depending on the terms of 
the Index Linked Warrants (i) they will receive no amount of interest (or other periodic payments), (ii) 
payments may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion 
of their investment if the value of the index/indices do not move in the anticipated direction. 
In addition, the movements in the level of the index may be subject to significant fluctuations 
that may not correlate with changes in economic factors, including changes in interest rates, currencies 
or other indices and the timing of changes in the relevant level of the index or indices may affect the 
actual yield to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the 
earlier the change in the level of an index or result of a formula, the greater the effect on yield. 
The components of an index may represent values of only one or a few countries or industries. 
In addition, even where a large number of countries or industries are represented, an unequal weighting 
of those in the index is possible. This means that if a country or industry in the index experiences an 
unfavourable development then such Index may be disproportionately affected by it. 
Prospective investors should also note that dividends or periodic payments (if any) paid to 
holders of the assets in an index may not be taken into account in the index or the Warrants. 
Consequently, the return on the Warrants may not reflect any dividends which would be paid to 
investors that had made a direct investment in the assets comprised in the index. Consequently, the 
return on the Warrants may be less than the return from a direct investment in the assets comprised in 
the index. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred 
at any relevant time, such determination may have an effect on the timing of valuation and consequently 
the value of the Warrants and/or may delay settlement in respect of the Warrants.  Prospective 
purchasers should review the relevant terms and conditions of the Warrants and the applicable Final 
Terms to ascertain whether and how such provisions apply to the Warrants. 
Following the occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event in respect of any Index Linked 
Warrants, the Issuer may require the Calculation Agent to determine such adjustment to the terms of 
such Index Linked Warrants as it deems appropriate, which may include without limitation, delaying any 
applicable valuation date(s) or determining the level of the index. Such adjustment may have an adverse 
effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Index Linked Warrants. In addition, the Issuer may

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
redeem or cancel the Warrants, as applicable, in whole following the occurrence of an Index Adjustment 
Event. 
The market price of Index Linked Warrants may be volatile and may depend on the time 
remaining to the exercise date and the volatility of the level of the index.  The level of the index may be 
affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including the stock 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which any Warrants comprising the index or indices may be 
traded. 
Decisions or determinations made by the Index Sponsor regarding an Index may have a 
negative impact on the value of the Warrants. This may lead to an Index level differing substantially 
from the one that would have been obtained had the Index Sponsor arrived at different decisions or 
determinations. 
The Issuer shall have no liability to the Warrantholders for any act or failure to act by the Index 
Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Index. 
Changes in the composition of an Index or in some other regard might entail costs or otherwise 
have the effect of lowering the level or value of the Index, and thereby also the value of the Warrants. 
Where the composition of an Index is supposed to be published on an internet site (as provided 
for in the Index or the applicable Final Terms) or in other media, such publication might not always show 
the Index's up-to-date composition since updates may be posted with a delay. 
2.18 
Risks relating to ETF Linked Warrants 
The Issuer may issue Warrants where on exercise the Issuer's obligation is to either (i) pay a 
Cash Settlement Amount and/or (ii) deliver specified assets (the "Share Amount"), in each case which 
is dependent upon the price or changes in the price of units or shares in an exchange traded fund (an 
"ETF"). 
Potential investors in ETF Linked Warrants should be aware that, depending on the terms of 
the ETF Linked Warrants, (i) they will receive no interest (or other periodic payments), (ii) payments or 
delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected, and (iii) they may lose all 
or a substantial portion of their investment.  
In addition, the movements in the price of units or shares in the ETF may be subject to 
significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices, 
and the timing of changes in the relevant price of the units or shares in the ETF may affect the actual 
return to investors, even if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier 
the change in the level of an ETF or result of a formula, the greater the effect on yield. In addition, the 
ETF interests may be illiquid and this may adversely affect returns (if any) on the Warrants, particularly 
where physical settlement applies. 
ETF Linked Warrants may be subject to certain disruption provisions or extraordinary event 
provisions. Relevant events may relate to market disruptions, or other extraordinary events in relation 
to the relevant ETF. If the Calculation Agent determines that any such event has occurred this may 
delay valuations under and/or, as the case may be, payments or settlements in respect of the Warrants 
and consequently adversely affect the value of the Warrants. In addition certain extraordinary or 
disruption events may lead to early termination of the Warrants which may have an adverse effect on 
the value of such Warrants. Whether and how such provisions apply to the relevant Warrants can be 
ascertained by reading the General Conditions of the Warrants in conjunction with the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The disruption provisions may include a Settlement Disruption Event which is an event beyond 
the control of the Issuer as a result of which, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer cannot 
make delivery of the specified assets in respect of physically settled Warrants. Any such determination 
may affect the value of the Warrants and/or may delay settlement in respect of the Warrants. 
In the event that a Warrantholder does not deliver a valid Exercise Notice in respect of 
physically settled Warrants as contemplated in the General Conditions of the Warrants), the Issuer may, 
but is not required to, elect to deliver to the relevant Clearance System(s) the aggregate Share Amount 
in respect of such Warrants, to be divided between and delivered to the relevant Warrantholders by the 
relevant Clearance System(s) in accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearance System(s) but no 
assurance is given as to the effect of such rules or other Clearance System practices for any such 
Warrantholders.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
The market price of ETF Linked Warrants may be volatile and may depend on the time 
remaining to the expiration and the volatility of the price of units or shares in the ETF. The price of units 
or shares in an ETF may be affected by the economic, financial and political events in one or more 
jurisdictions, including factors affecting the exchange(s) or quotation system(s) (if any) on which any 
units in the ETF may be traded. 
ETF units or shares may be speculative and involve a high degree of risk. The Issuer does not 
give any assurance as to the performance of ETF units or share. Even if the Issuer or any of its affiliates 
may have arrangements with an ETF manager to obtain information required to calculate the value of 
the ETF, it may not have access to the activities of the ETF on a continuous basis. 
The underlying ETF may have recourse to leverage, i.e., borrow amounts that represent more 
than 100.00 per cent. of the value of their assets to invest further in assets that involve further risks. 
Accordingly, a small downward movement in the value of ETFs assets may result in a significantly larger 
loss of the fund. 
ETF managers may be eligible to earn incentive compensation. The potential for an ETF 
manager to earn performance based compensation may encourage such ETF manager to trade in a 
more speculative manner than it otherwise would. 
ETF managers do not have any obligations to the Warrantholders, or other role in connection 
with, the Warrants, including any obligation to take the needs of the Warrantholders into consideration 
for any reason. ETF managers are not responsible for, and have not endorsed or participated in, the 
offering, placement, sale, purchase or transfer of the Warrants. The ETF's managers are not 
responsible for, and will not participate in, the determination or calculation of the amounts receivable by 
Warrantholders. 
Changes to the current regulatory environment could affect the investment, operations and 
structure of the underlying ETFs and could adversely affect the performance of the underlying ETFs. 
The underlying ETFs may invest in assets that involve further risks. 
Fees, deductions and charges may be payable before a Warrantholder receives the Share 
Amount deliverable under the Warrants. ETF fees will be deducted from the net asset value of the ETF, 
reducing the value of the ETF units or shares. Accordingly, to the extent that the Share Amount 
deliverable under the Warrants is linked to the net asset value of an ETF, the relevant Share amount(s) 
deliverable to Warrantholders will be less than it would have been absent these fees, deductions and 
charges, but the Issuer or one of its affiliates may be the beneficiary of such fees or obtain rebate on 
such fees from third parties. 
Investing directly or indirectly in ETFs is generally considered to be risky and if, the underlying 
ETF does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Warrants will fall and may in certain 
circumstances be zero. 
Prospective investors should review carefully the prospectus, information memorandum and/or 
offering circular (if any) issued by the relevant ETF prior to purchasing any Warrants. None of the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent provides any assurance as to the creditworthiness of any relevant ETF or any 
such ETF's administrator, custodian, investment manager or adviser or in respect of any prospectus, 
information memorandum and/or offering circular (if any) issued by any relevant ETF. 
3. 
Risks relating to regulation of the Notes and Warrants and the financial markets 
generally  
3.1 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes and/or Warrants may not reflect all 
the risks associated with an investment in those Notes and/or Warrants 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the 
Notes or the Warrants. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or 
the Warrants. If the ratings of the Issuer were to be downgraded, this might impair the Issuer's access 
to refinancing sources and/or cause refinancing costs to rise. Negative changes in the rating assigned 
to the Issuer may adversely affect the market price of the Notes or Warrants, may have a negative 
impact on the value of the investment made by an investor and could affect the Issuer’s liquidity, 
competitive position and profitability. Furthermore, the ratings assigned by rating agencies at the date 
of issuance are not indicative of future performance or future creditworthiness of the Issuer and do not 
reflect all the relevant risks factors related to the Notes or Warrants.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 21 May 2013 amending Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
on credit rating agencies (the "CRA Regulation") from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, 
unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of 
credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed 
by an EU registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). 
The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of 
the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated 
ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the 
cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Credit rating agencies including Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and others could seek to rate the 
Notes or Warrants without having been requested to do so by the Issuer and if such unsolicited ratings 
are lower or higher than the comparable ratings assigned to the Notes or Warrants by Moody’s and 
Standard & Poor’s, those unsolicited ratings could have an effect on the market value and/or liquidity 
of the Notes or Warrants. Finally, the ratings assigned by rating agencies may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal or the change of methodology or models at any time. 
3.2 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes and/or Warrants may never be 
established or may be illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an 
investor could sell his Notes and/or Warrants 
Notes and/or Warrants may have no established trading market when issued, and one may 
never develop. If a market for the Notes and/or Warrants does develop, it may not be very liquid. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes and/or Warrants easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. 
This is particularly the case for Notes and/or Warrants that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. There is a risk that 
these types of Notes and/or Warrants issued by the Issuer would have a more limited secondary market 
and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
3.3 
Foreign currency Notes and/or Warrants expose investors to foreign-exchange risk  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and/or Warrants in the Specified 
Currency or Settlement Currency (as applicable) (the "Settled Currency"). This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Settled Currency. These include 
the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Settled Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction 
over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on 
a number of factors, including financial, economic and political events over which the Issuer has no 
control. Therefore, there is a risk that, with respect to the foreign currency Notes and/or Warrants, an 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Settled Currency would decrease (1) 
the equivalent yield on the Notes and/or Warrants in the Investor's Currency, (2) the equivalent value 
of the principal payable on the Notes and/or Warrants in the Investor's Currency and (3) the equivalent 
market value of the Notes and/or Warrants in the Investor's Currency. 
In addition, Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to 
make payments in respect of the Notes and/or Warrants. As a result, investors may receive less interest 
or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
3.4 
A Noteholder's actual yield on the Notes may be reduced from the stated yield by 
transaction costs 
When Notes are purchased or sold, several types of incidental costs (including transaction fees 
and commissions) are incurred in addition to the current price of the security.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
For instance, credit institutions as a rule charge their clients for own commissions which are 
either fixed minimum commissions or pro-rata commissions depending on the order value. To the extent 
that additional – domestic or foreign – parties are involved in the execution of an order, including but 
not limited to domestic dealers or brokers in foreign markets, Noteholders must take into account that 
they may also be charged for the brokerage fees, commissions and other fees and expenses of such 
parties (third party costs).In addition to such costs directly related to the purchase of securities (direct 
costs), Noteholders must also take into account any follow-up costs (such as custody fees).  
There is a risk that these incidental costs may significantly reduce or even exclude the profit 
potential of the Notes. 
3.5 
A Noteholder's effective yield on the Notes may be diminished by the tax impact on that 
Noteholder, as the case may be, of its investment in the Notes 
Payments of interest on the Notes, or profits realised by the Noteholder, as the case may be, 
upon the sale or repayment of the Notes, may be subject to taxation in its home jurisdiction or in other 
jurisdictions in which it is required to pay taxes.  
The Notes and/or Warrants may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the 
Issuer is not obliged to make gross up payments and this would result in holders receiving less interest 
than expected and could significantly adversely affect their return on the Notes and/or Warrants. 
3.6 
Notes issued as Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking 
exposure to green assets 
The Final Terms or the Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, relating to any specific issue 
of Notes may provide that an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of those Notes will be 
allocated exclusively to finance or refinance, in full or in part, new or existing loans and investments that 
seek to achieve positive environmental impacts in accordance with the eligibility criteria detailed in the 
Green Bond Framework (the "Eligible Portfolio"). Prospective investors should have regard to the 
information in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus and the Green Bond Framework 
regarding such use of proceeds and determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds, together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any their respective 
affiliates (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) or the Arranger that the use of such proceeds 
to particular loans and investments that are the subject of, or related to, the Eligible Portfolio will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own governing documents or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect “green”, “environmental”, 
“sustainable”, or “social” impact of any loans and investments and projects that are the subject of, or 
related to, the Eligible Portfolio. 
None of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates (other than the Issuer in its capacity as 
Dealer) or the Arranger shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of the Eligible Portfolio, (ii) any 
verification of whether the Eligible Portfolio falls within an investor’s requirements or expectations of a 
“green”, “environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or equivalently-labelled project or (iii) the ongoing 
monitoring of the use of proceeds in respect of any such Green Bonds. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green”, “environmental”, 
“sustainable”, “social” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required 
for a particular project to be defined as “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or such other 
equivalent label and if developed in the future, such Green Bonds may not comply with any such 
definition or label. 
A basis for the determination of such a definition has been established in the EU with the 
publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy”). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further 
development by way of the implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations 
of technical screening criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy Regulation. On 21 April 2021, the European Commission approved the first delegated act 
and the Delegated Regulation supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council (the “EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act”) was formally adopted on 4 June 2021.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act is aimed at supporting sustainable investment by making it 
clear which economic activities most contribute to the EU’s environmental objectives. The EU 
Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act sets out criteria for economic activities in the sectors that are most 
relevant for achieving climate neutrality and delivering on climate change adaptation. This includes 
sectors such as energy, forestry, manufacturing, transport and buildings. Criteria for other 
environmental objectives will follow in a later delegated act, in line with mandates in the Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation. Until all criteria for such objectives have been developed and disclosed 
it is not known whether the Eligible Portfolio will satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the 
EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, once all criteria is established, is not certain. 
Additionally, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any loans and investments and 
projects that are the subject of, or related to, the Eligible Portfolio will meet any or all investor 
expectations regarding such “green”, “environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-
labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not 
occur during the life of any loans and investments or the implementation of projects that are the subject 
of, or related to, the Eligible Portfolio. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any their respective 
affiliates (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) or the Arranger as to the suitability or reliability 
for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by 
the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in 
particular with the Eligible Portfolio to fulfil any “green”, “environmental”, “sustainability”, “social” and/or 
other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed 
to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers to buy, sell or hold 
any such Green Bonds or that the Eligible Portfolio fulfil any “green”, “environmental”, “sustainability”, 
“social” and/or other criteria. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion 
or certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance 
of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such 
opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the providers 
of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
Investors in such Green Bonds shall have no recourse against the Issuer, the Dealers or any of their 
respective affiliates (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer), the Arranger or the provider of such 
opinion or certification for the contents of such opinion or certification. 
In the event that any such Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
“green”, “environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), or are included in any dedicated “green”, 
“environmental”, “sustainable”, “social” or other equivalently-labelled index or indices, no representation 
or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any their respective affiliates (other than the Issuer 
in its capacity as Dealer) or the Arranger or any other person that such listing or admission or inclusion 
in such index or indices satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or 
by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard 
to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any loans and investments and 
projects that are the subject of or related to, the Eligible Portfolio. Furthermore, it should be noted that 
the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another and also the criteria for inclusion in such index or indices may vary from one index to 
another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any their 
respective affiliates (other than the Issuer in its capacity as Dealer) or the Arranger or any other person 
that any such listing or admission to trading or inclusion in such index or indices will be obtained in 
respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading or inclusion in 
such index or indices will be maintained during the life of the Green Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green 
Bonds so specified to the Eligible Portfolio in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as applicable, the “Use of Proceeds” section of this Base 
Prospectus and the Green Bond Framework, there can be no assurance that the relevant loans and 
investments and projects that are the subject of, or related to, the Eligible Portfolio will be capable of 
being applied or implemented in, as the case may be, or substantially in, such manner and/or in 
accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially 
disbursed for the Eligible Portfolio. Nor can there be any assurance that the Eligible Portfolio will be

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
completed within any originally expected period or at all and the maturity of the underlying project may 
not match the minimum duration of any relevant Green Bond. Any such event or failure by the Issuer 
will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the right to accelerate the Green Bonds); (ii) constitute an Event of Default under such Green Bonds; 
or (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Green Bonds or be a relevant factor for the 
Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Green 
Bonds or (iv) affect the regulatory treatment of such Green Bonds as Tier 2 capital or eligible liabilities 
for the purposes of MREL (as applicable) if such Green Bonds are also Subordinated Notes, Senior 
Non Preferred Notes or Senior Notes in respect of which Restricted EOD Notes is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. For the avoidance of doubt, payments 
of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds shall not depend on the 
performance of the projects included in the Eligible Portfolio. 
Any event or failure to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds 
for the Eligible Portfolio as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such 
opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for 
which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Green Bonds no longer 
being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market or included in an index 
or indices as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Green Bonds and also 
potentially the value of any other Green Bonds and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Senior Notes in respect of which Restricted 
EOD Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may also be 
Green Bonds. Green Bonds will be subject to the bail-in tool and resolution measures, to the same 
extent and with the same ranking as any other Note which is not a Green Bond. Likewise, Green Bonds 
will be fully subject to the application of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD II requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, the proceeds from Green Bonds qualifying as own funds 
or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their “green”, 
social” or “sustainable” label. Additionally, their labelling as Green Bonds (a) will not affect the regulatory 
treatment of such Green Bonds as Tier 2 capital or eligible liabilities for the purposes of MREL (as 
applicable), if such Green Bonds are also Subordinated Notes, Senior Non Preferred Notes or Senior 
Notes in respect of which Restricted EOD Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement; and (b) will not have any impact on their status as indicated in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. Any disqualification of the Notes as Green Bonds will not constitute an incentive 
to redeem such Notes. 
3.7 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including SOFR and 
SONIA) as reference rates  
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, 
such as SOFR and SONIA, as reference rates in the capital markets for U.S. dollar or sterling bonds, 
as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. This relates not 
only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for 
the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and 
methodologies might be adopted.  
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups have been working together to 
design alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including applying term versions of certain 
risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these 
reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-
free rates. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-
free rates issued under this Programme. If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in 
securities such as the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be lower 
than those of Notes referencing rates that are more widely used. The Issuer may in the future also issue 
Notes referencing SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA, SONIA 
Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index referenced Notes issued by it under this 
Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a 
risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, 
such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch 
between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact 
any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any 
acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates.  
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used 
in notes linked to such risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular 
methodology, including the compounding formula in the Conditions, will gain widespread market 
acceptance. In addition, the methodology for determining any overnight rate index used to determine 
the Rate of Interest in respect of certain Notes could change during the life of such Notes.  
Notes referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when issued, 
and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
securities referencing such risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-
issued indexed debt securities as a result. Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes 
at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from 
increased pricing volatility and market risk.  
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical 
performance data. Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations 
and actual historical performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors 
should not rely on hypothetical or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future 
performance of such risk-free rates.  
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any Notes which reference SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or SOFR Compounded Index. 
3.8 
Reform and Regulation of "benchmarks" 
Interest rates, reference swap rates and other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" (each 
a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks"), to which the interest on the Notes or the pay-out 
under the Warrants may be linked, have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national 
and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted (the “Benchmark Event”). Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and the amount payable under the Notes or Warrants. International proposals for reform of 
Benchmarks include Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure 
the performance of investment funds (the "Benchmarks Regulation") which was published in the 
official journal on 29 June 2016 and has applied from 1 January 2018. Among other things, the 
Benchmark Regulation (i) requires Benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-
EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents 
certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of Benchmarks managed by administrators 
that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, 
could have a material adverse impact on the Notes linked to, or referencing, a Benchmark in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs of refinancing a Benchmark, costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain Benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a Benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the Benchmark and/or leading to the 
disappearance of the Benchmark. Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
abovementioned changes and/or any further changes in the administration or method of determining a 
Benchmark could have an effect on the value of the Notes, investors should be aware that they face 
the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and the amount payable under the Notes or Warrants. The Conditions provide for certain fallback 
arrangements in circumstances where a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Original Rate 
(excluding SOFR).  
If a Benchmark Event occurs, the Calculation Agent shall, after consulting with the Issuer, 
determine a Successor Rate (failing which, an Alternative Rate) to be used in place of the Original Rate. 
The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest is likely to 
result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than 
they would do if the Original Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the Calculation Agent, the Conditions 
also provide that an Adjustment Spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent and applied to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. While the aim of applying an Adjustment Spread may be to seek 
to eliminate some or all of the economic prejudice or benefit that could arise from a change in the 
reference rate calculation methodology, the Adjustment Spread may not be successful in doing so. The 
application of any such Adjustment Spread may result in the Notes performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the Original Rate were to continue to 
apply in its current form. 
Where the original benchmark is SOFR, the Benchmark Replacement provisions in the 
Conditions specify a “waterfall” of alternative rates that may become the Benchmark Replacement. 
These alternative rates are uncertain and no market convention currently exists, or may ever exist, for 
their determination. For example, the ISDA Fallback Rate, which is the rate referenced in the ISDA 
Definitions that is to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor, has not been established as of the date hereof. Even after the ISDA 
Fallback Rate is initially determined, ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Fallback Rate may change over 
time. Uncertainty surrounding the establishment of market conventions related to the calculation of the 
ISDA Fallback Rate and other alternative rates, and whether any of the alternative rates is a suitable 
replacement or successor for the original Reference Rate, may adversely affect the value of and return 
on Notes referencing SOFR as the original Reference Rate. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms 
and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes in making any 
investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a Benchmark. 
3.9 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their 
modification without the consent of all investors 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders 
to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind 
all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
3.10 
The trading market for debt securities may be volatile and may be adversely impacted 
by many events 
The market for debt securities issued by banks is influenced by economic and market conditions 
and, to varying degrees, market conditions, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation rates 
in other European and other industrialised countries. There can be no assurance that events in Europe 
or elsewhere will not cause market volatility or that such volatility will not adversely affect the price of 
Notes and/or Warrants or that economic and market conditions will not have any other adverse effect. 
3.11 
Potential conflicts of interest could arise where a Dealer acts as a Calculation Agent 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under 
the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international 
financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking 
activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where 
relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its 
other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related 
derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse 
to the interests of the Noteholders. 
3.12 
Risk related to U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended imposes a 30 per 
cent. withholding tax on amounts attributable to U.S. source dividends that are paid or "deemed paid" 
under certain financial instruments if certain conditions are met (such instruments, “Specified Notes” or 
“Specified Warrants”, as applicable). If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding 
is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts 
with respect to amounts so withheld. Prospective investors should refer to the section "Taxation – U.S. 
Dividend Equivalent Withholding". 
For purposes of withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, commonly 
known as FATCA, Specified Notes and Specified Warrants are subject to a different grandfathering rule 
than other Notes and Warrants. Prospective investors should refer to the section “Taxation – Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act.” 
3.13 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to 
sell their Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently 
required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without 
first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of 
such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
AND WARRANTS 
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Notes and Warrants in relevant Member States 
Certain Tranches of Notes and Warrants with a denomination or total consideration of less than 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no 
exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  Any such offer 
is referred to as a "Non-exempt Offer".  This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that 
permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes and Warrants in each Member State in relation to which the Issuer 
has given its consent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each specified Member State a "Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdiction" and together the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions"). Any person making 
or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes or Warrants on the basis of this Base Prospectus 
must do so only with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under "Consent 
given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation" below and provided such person 
complies with the conditions attached to that consent. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes or Warrants, the Issuer accepts 
responsibility, in each of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in 
relation to any person (an "Investor") who purchases any Notes or Warrants in a Non-exempt Offer 
made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer 
Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided that the conditions attached to the giving 
of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied with.  The consent and conditions attached 
to it are set out under "Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" below. 
None of the Issuer or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an 
Authorised Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or 
securities law requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or any Dealer 
has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither the Issuer nor, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Dealer has authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and 
the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with 
any Non-exempt Offer of Notes or Warrants.  Any Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the 
Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer.  If, in the 
context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes or Warrants by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this 
Base Prospectus for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is.  If 
the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible 
for its contents it should take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (a)(ii), (a)(iii) and (b) below are together 
the "Authorised Offerors" and each an "Authorised Offeror". 
Consent 
In connection with each Tranche of Notes and/or Warrants and subject to the conditions set out 
below under "Common Conditions to Consent": 
Specific consent 
(a) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant 
time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes or Warrants during the 
relevant Offer Period stated in the applicable Final Terms by: 
(i) 
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) stated in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms 
and whose name is published on the Issuer's website (www.bil.com) and identified as 
an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer; and

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
General consent 
(b) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable", 
the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of 
Notes or Warrants during the relevant Offer Period stated in the applicable Final Terms by any 
other financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under the applicable legislation implementing the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU); and 
(ii) 
it accepts the Issuer's offer to grant consent to the use of this Base Prospectus by 
publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square 
brackets duly completed) (the "Acceptance Statement"): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant Notes/ 
Warrants] (the "Notes/Warrants") described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the "Final 
Terms") published by [        ] (the "Issuer").  In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its 
consent to our use of Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the 
offer of the [Notes/Warrants] in [Belgium/Denmark/Luxembourg/France specify other Member 
State(s)] during the Offer Period and subject to the other conditions to such consent, each as 
specified in the Base Prospectus, we hereby accept the offer by the Issuer in accordance with 
the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus) and we are using the Base 
Prospectus accordingly." 
The "Authorised Offeror Terms", being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary 
agrees in connection with using this Base Prospectus, are that the relevant financial 
intermediary: 
(A) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-
exempt Offer: 
I. 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all 
applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory 
bodies (the "Rules") from time to time including, without limitation and in each 
case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment 
in the Notes or Warrants by any person and disclosure to any potential 
Investor; 
II. 
comply with the restrictions set out under "Plan of Distribution" in this Base 
Prospectus which would apply if the relevant financial intermediary were a 
Dealer and comply with the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment 
and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II product governance" 
legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
III. 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) 
received or paid by the relevant financial intermediary in relation to the offer or 
sale of the Notes or Warrants does not violate the Rules and, to the extent 
required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or potential 
Investors; 
IV. 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection 
with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes or Warrants under 
the Rules; 
V. 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and 
"know your client" Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, 
in compliance with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each 
potential Investor prior to initial investment in any Notes or Warrants by the 
Investor), and will not permit any application for Notes or Warrants in 
circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the 
source of the application monies; 
VI. 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required 
under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested and to the extent permitted 
by the Rules, make such records available to the relevant Dealer, the Issuer or

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer to 
comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and "know 
your client" Rules applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer, as the case 
may be; 
VII. 
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any 
requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction; 
VIII. 
immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes 
aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and take all 
appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all 
respects; 
IX. 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common 
Conditions to Consent" below and any further requirements or other Authorised 
Offeror Terms relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
X. 
make available to each potential Investor in the Notes or Warrants this Base 
Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the 
applicable Final Terms and any applicable information booklet provided by the 
Issuer for such purpose, and not convey or publish any information that is not 
contained in or entirely consistent with this Base Prospectus and the applicable 
Final Terms; 
XI. 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus 
or any other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf 
of the Issuer for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection 
with the relevant Non-exempt Offer, it will ensure that such communication (A) 
is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) states that 
such financial intermediary has provided such communication independently 
of the Issuer, that such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such 
communication and that none of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer accepts 
any responsibility for such communication and (C) does not, without the prior 
written consent of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the 
legal or publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer or any other name, 
brand or logo registered by an entity within their respective groups or any 
material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to 
describe the Issuer as issuer of the relevant Notes or Warrants on the basis 
set out in this Base Prospectus; 
XII. 
ensure that no holder of Notes or Warrants or potential Investor in Notes or 
Warrants shall become an indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant 
Dealer for the purposes of any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the 
extent that any client obligations are created by the relevant financial 
intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such financial intermediary shall 
perform any such obligations so arising; 
XIII. 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing relevant 
information (including, without limitation, documents and records maintained 
pursuant to paragraph (VI) above) and such further assistance as is reasonably 
requested upon written request from the Issuer or the relevant Dealer in each 
case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time 
frame set by any such regulator or regulatory process.  For this purpose, 
relevant information is information that is available to or can be acquired by the 
relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in 
relation to the Notes or Warrants, the Issuer or the relevant Dealer; 
and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer or

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
another Authorised Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as 
defined in the Rules; and/or 
(iii) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from 
time to time in relation to the Notes or Warrants and/or as to allow the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer fully to comply with its own legal, tax and 
regulatory requirements; 
XIV. 
during the period of the initial offering of the Notes or Warrants: (i) only sell 
the Notes or Warrants at the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (ii) only sell the 
Notes or Warrants for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless otherwise agreed 
with the relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or remuneration or 
commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale 
of the Notes or Warrants (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); 
and (v) comply with such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably 
required and specified by the relevant Dealer; and 
XV. 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the 
Notes or Warrants, or (ii) keep a record of all requests the relevant financial 
intermediary (x) makes for its discretionary management clients, (y) receives 
from its advisory clients and (z) receives from its execution-only clients, in 
each case prior to making any order for the Notes or Warrants on their behalf, 
and in each case maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by 
any applicable Rules; 
(B) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (in each 
case on behalf of such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, 
affiliates and controlling persons) against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, 
expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any 
defence raised thereto and counsel's fees and disbursements associated with any such 
investigation or defence) which any of them may incur or which may be made against 
any of them arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of 
the foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by such 
financial intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by such 
financial intermediary or failure by such financial intermediary to observe any of the 
above restrictions or requirements or the making by such financial intermediary of any 
unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has not 
been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and 
(C) 
agrees and accepts that: 
I. 
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary formed 
upon acceptance by the relevant financial intermediary of the Issuer's offer to 
use this Base Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Non-
exempt Offer (the "Authorised Offeror Contract"), and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Luxembourg law; 
II. 
subject to (IV) below, the courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including 
any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a "Dispute") and the Issuer 
and the relevant financial intermediary submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
the Luxembourg courts; 
III. 
for the purposes of (C) (II) and (IV), the relevant financial intermediary waives 
any objection to the Luxembourg courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; and 
IV. 
to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer may, in 
respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within (b) above who meets the conditions set out in (b) 
and the other conditions stated in "Common Conditions to Consent" below and who 
wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, 
for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website the Acceptance 
Statement. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the 
relevant Non-exempt Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (b) above if Part B 
of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes or Warrants in the Kingdom of Belgium, France, Denmark 
and/or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The only relevant Member States which may, in respect of any Tranche of Notes or Warrants, 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms (if any relevant Member States are so specified) as indicated 
in (i) above, will be the Kingdom of Belgium, France, Denmark and/or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
and accordingly each Tranche of Notes or Warrants may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-
exempt Offer in the Kingdom of Belgium, France, Denmark and/or the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for 
the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES OR 
WARRANTS IN A NON-EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND 
OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NOTES OR WARRANTS TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH 
INVESTOR INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES 
AND SETTLEMENT.  THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS 
WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE 
NOTES OR WARRANTS CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION.  THE RELEVANT INFORMATION 
WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER.  NONE 
OF THE ISSUER OR, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY DEALER HAS ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION 
DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they 
authorise, the making of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes or Warrants in circumstances in which an 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020, and 
31 December 2021, including the reports of the independent statutory auditors in respect thereof each 
of which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Copies of all documents incorporated 
by reference will be available on the Issuer's website (https://www.bil.com/en/bil-group/investor-
relations/Pages/index.aspx) for 10 years from the date of this Prospectus.  
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated by 
reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the independent statutory auditors' report and audited consolidated and parent company 
financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020 of the Issuer available at 
https://www.bil.com/Documents/brochures/annual-report-2020-en.pdf, 
including 
the 
information set out at the following pages in particular; 
(b) 
the independent statutory auditors' report and audited consolidated and parent company 
financial statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021 of the Issuer available at 
https://www.bil.com/Documents/brochures/annual-report-2021-en.pdf, 
including 
the 
information set out at the following pages in particular; 
 
 
Annual Report 2021 
Annual Report 2020 
Audit 
Report 
on 
the 
Consolidated Accounts 
44-48 (inclusive) 
49-53 (inclusive) 
Consolidated 
Balance 
Sheet 
 49-50 (inclusive) 
54-55 (inclusive) 
Consolidated Statement 
of Income 
51 
56 
Consolidated Statement 
of 
Comprehensive 
Income 
52 
57 
Consolidated Statement 
of Changes in Equity 
53-54 (inclusive) 
58-59 (inclusive) 
Consolidated Cash Flow 
Statement 
55-56 (inclusive) 
60-61 (inclusive) 
Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
57-162 (inclusive) 
62-168 (inclusive) 
Audit Reports for the 
Parent 
Company 
Financial Statements 
164-168 (inclusive) 
173-177 (inclusive) 
Parent Company Balance 
Sheet 
169-170 (inclusive) 
178-179 (inclusive) 
Parent 
Company 
Statement of Income 
171 
180 
Parent 
Company 
Statement 
of 
Comprehensive Income 
172 
181 
Parent 
Company 
Statement of Changes in 
Equity  
173-174 (inclusive) 
182-183 (inclusive) 
Parent Company Cash 
Flow Statement 
175-176 (inclusive) 
184-185 (inclusive)

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
Notes to the financial 
statements of the Parent 
Company 
177-251 (inclusive) 
186-265 (inclusive) 
(c) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes and Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes contained in previous Base Prospectuses 21 May 2012, pages 27 - 70 (inclusive) 
and 31 May 2013, pages 61 - 107 (inclusive) and 28 May 2014, pages 67 – 136 (inclusive) and 22 May 
2015, pages 73 – 142 (inclusive) and 20 May 2016, pages 76 – 145 (inclusive) and 19 May 2017, pages 
77 – 149 (inclusive) and 18 May 2018, pages 78 – 151 (inclusive) and 15 February 2019, pages 87 – 
167 (inclusive) and 28 June 2019, pages 86 – 165 (inclusive) and 26 June 2020, pages 48 – 131 
(inclusive), and 25 June 2021, pages 49 – 131 (inclusive), prepared by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme; and 
(d) 
the General Conditions of the Warrants contained in the Base Prospectuses dated 18 
May 2018, pages 152-172 (inclusive) and 15 February 2019, pages 168 – 188 (inclusive) and 28 June 
2019, pages 164 – 184 (inclusive) and 26 June 2020, pages 132 – 152 (inclusive) and 25 June 2021, 
pages 132 – 152 (inclusive).   
Earlier Base Prospectuses published by the Issuer referred to in (c) and (d) above can be 
viewed electronically and free of charge at the following links:  
(i) 
Base Prospectus dated 21 May 2012: 
https://www.bil.com/Documents/EMTN/BIL-EMTN-Prospectus-2012.pdf; 
(ii) 
Base Prospectus dated 31 May 2013: 
https://www.bil.com/Documents/EMTN/BIL-EMTN-Prospectus-2013.pdf; 
(iii) 
Base Prospectus dated 28 May 2014: 
https://www.bil.com/Documents/EMTN/BIL-EMTN-Prospectus-2014.pdf; 
(iv) 
Base Prospectus dated 22 May 2015: 
https://www.bil.com/Documents/EMTN/BIL-EMTN-Prospectus-2015.pdf; 
(v) 
Base Prospectus dated 20 May 2016: 
https://www.bil.com/Documents/EMTN/BIL-EMTN-Prospectus-2016.pdf; 
(vi) 
Base Prospectus dated 19 May 2017: 
https://www.bil.com/Documents/EMTN/BIL-EMTN-Prospectus-2017.pdf; 
(vii) 
Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2018: 
https://www.bil.com/Documents/EMTN/BIL-EMTN-Prospectus-2018.pdf; 
(viii) 
Base Prospectus dated 15 February 2019: 
https://www.bil.com/Documents/EMTN/BIL-EMTN-Prospectus-2019.pdf; 
(ix) 
Base Prospectus dated 28 June 2019: 
https://www.bil.com/Documents/EMTN/BIL-EMTN-Prospectus-20192.pdf; 
(x) 
Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2020: 
https://www.bil.com/Documents/EMTN/BIL-EMTN-Prospectus-2020.pdf; and 
(xi) 
Base Prospectus dated 25 June 2021: 
https://www.bil.com/Documents/EMTN/BIL-EMTN-Prospectus-2021.pdf. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
means any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an 
investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an 
appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further prospectus which, in respect of any 
subsequent issue of Notes or Warrants to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement 
as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or (in case of a further prospectus) a prospectus 
as required by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes or Warrants, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new 
Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes or Warrants.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES AND THE SENIOR NON 
PREFERRED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion of the applicable 
Final Terms in accordance with the provisions of Part A or in the case of Exempt Notes only as 
completed, amended, supplemented or varied by the applicable Pricing Supplement, shall be applicable 
to the Notes in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each 
Tranche. Either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with Part A of the relevant 
provisions of the Final Terms or (ii) in the case of Exempt Notes, these terms and conditions as so 
completed, amended, supplemented or varied by the applicable Pricing Supplement, shall be endorsed 
on such Bearer Notes or on the Registered Note Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. All 
capitalised terms that are not defined in these conditions will have the meanings given to them in the 
applicable Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Registered Note 
Certificates, as the case may be. References in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Senior Notes of 
one Series only, not to all Senior Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
An Agency Agreement (as further amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the 
Notes (the "Issue Date") (the "Agency Agreement") dated 9 November 1995 as amended and restated 
on 24 June 2022 between the Issuer and the other agents named in it, has been entered into in relation 
to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrars, the transfer agents and the calculation 
agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying 
Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the "Registrars", the "Transfer Agents" 
and the "Calculation Agent(s)". The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest 
coupons (the "Coupons") relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the 
case of such Notes, talons for further Coupons (the "Talons") (the "Couponholders") and the holders 
of the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the "Receipts") relating to Exempt Notes in 
bearer form of which the principal is payable in instalments (the "Receiptholders") are deemed to have 
notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. This Note is one of a Series 
(as defined below) of Notes issued by Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme (the 
"Issuer") pursuant to the Agency Agreement. 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and 
(c) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection free of charge at the specified 
offices of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents or may be provided by 
email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant 
Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent). The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete 
these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") or, if this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
(an "Exempt Note"), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of 
this Note.  References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. Any reference in the 
Conditions to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to "applicable Pricing 
Supplement" where relevant. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
This Note is a Senior Note or a Senior Non Preferred Note, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes", which expression includes Notes that 
are specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form ("Registered Notes") or in bearer 
form exchangeable for Registered Notes ("Exchangeable Bearer Notes") in each case in the Specified

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
Denomination(s) shown hereon, provided that the minimum Specified Denomination shall be EUR 
1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes are issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same 
Specified Denomination as the lowest denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a 
Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Note or an Equity Linked Note or a combination of any of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a 
Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Note, or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note or a Partly Paid Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Bearer Notes are serially 
numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case 
of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after 
the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes are 
issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered note certificates ("Registered Note 
Certificates") and, save as provided in Condition 2.c), each Registered Note Certificate shall represent 
the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to 
the Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept 
by the Registrar outside the United Kingdom in accordance with the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement (the "Register"). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by 
law, the holder (as defined below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Registered Note Certificate 
representing it) or its theft or loss (or that of the related Registered Note Certificate) and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means the bearer of any Bearer Note and the Receipts 
relating to it or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), "holder" 
(in relation to a Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and 
capitalised terms have the meanings given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating 
that such term is not applicable to the Notes. 
2. 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes: 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the 
same nominal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon 
surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons relating to it, at the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that 
where an Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in 
Condition 8.b)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need not 
be surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Registered Note Certificate representing such Registered 
Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Registered Note Certificate 
(or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer) duly completed and executed and any 
other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of 
part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Registered Note Certificate, a new 
Registered Note Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
further new Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the 
transferor. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of 
Registered Notes, a new Registered Note Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be 
issued against surrender of the Registered Note Certificate representing the existing holding. 
c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer's or Noteholders' option in respect of, or a partial 
redemption of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Registered Note Certificate, a 
new Registered Note Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in 
respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option 
resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, separate Registered Note 
Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New 
Registered Note Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Registered Note 
Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. 
d) 
Delivery of New Registered Note Certificates: 
Each new Registered Note Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2.a), b) or c) shall 
be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of 
transfer or Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 7.e)) and in each case surrender of the Registered 
Note Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Registered Note Certificate(s) shall be made at the 
specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or 
surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or Registered Note Certificate 
shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid 
and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in 
writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Registered Note 
Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in 
advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the costs of such other method of 
delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2.d), "business day" means a day, 
other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in Luxembourg and in the place 
of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
e) 
Exchange Free of Charge: 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Registered Note Certificates on registration, transfer, 
partial redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that 
may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require). 
f) 
Closed Periods: 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an 
Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period 
of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment Amount in respect 
of, that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days before any date on which Notes may be called for 
redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 7.d), (iii) after any such Note has been 
called for redemption or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
An Exchangeable Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more 
Registered Note(s) in respect of which the Registered Note Certificate is simultaneously surrendered 
not later than the relevant Record Date. 
3. 
Status 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Senior Notes (which may be 
indicated as being Senior Notes with restricted Events of Default, the “Restricted EOD Notes”) or 
Senior Non Preferred Notes.  
a) 
Status of Senior Notes 
If the Notes are specified as Senior Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the Senior Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons constitute (subject to Condition 4) direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any 
preference among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons shall, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
to Condition 4, at all times rank at least equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness and monetary obligations of the Issuer present and future. 
Subject to the application of the Resolution Law (as defined in Condition 15(c)) or the SRM 
Regulation, the Notes may be subject to write-down or conversion by a relevant resolution authority 
which may result in the Noteholders and Couponholders losing some or all of their investment, as 
described in "Risk Factors Relating to the Notes and Warrants – Bail-in of senior debt and other eligible 
liabilities, including the Senior Notes". 
b) 
Status of Senior Non Preferred Notes 
If the Notes are specified as Senior Non Preferred Notes in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes, Receipts and Coupons constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
senior (chirographaires) obligations of the Issuer according to the ranking referred to in the Resolution 
Law, as amended by law of 25 July 2018 (implementing the BRRD Amending Directive) (together the 
"Statutory Second Ranking Senior Liabilities"), and rank and shall at all times rank within the senior 
and unsecured liabilities of the Issuer: 
(i) 
pari passu and without any preference among themselves; 
(ii) 
pari passu with any other obligations or instruments of the Issuer that rank, or 
are expressed to rank, equally with the Senior Non Preferred Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons (the "Senior Parity Liabilities"); 
(iii) 
senior to the Issuer’s ordinary shares and any other obligations or capital 
instruments of the Issuer that rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes, Receipts and Coupons, including any obligations 
or capital instruments of the Issuer which constitute Additional Tier 1 capital 
("Additional Tier 1 capital") under Article 52 of the CRR or Tier 2 capital ("Tier 
2 capital") under Article 63 of the CRR or which rank or are expressed to rank 
pari passu with Additional Tier 1 capital or Tier 2 capital (together the 
"Subordinated Obligations"); and  
(iv) 
junior to present and future claims of unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any senior notes issued by the Issuer 
that constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and that at all times rank pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves) (the "Statutory Ordinary Senior Liabilities"). 
Upon the insolvency of the Issuer or if any order is made by any competent court or resolution 
passed for the Liquidation (as defined in Condition 15(c)) of the Issuer, save as may be provided by 
mandatory applicable legislation in relation to creditors’ rights, Noteholders, Couponholders and 
Receiptholders will have a right to payment under the Senior Non Preferred Notes, Coupons and 
Receipts: 
(i) 
only after, and subject to, payment in full in respect of Statutory Ordinary Senior 
Liabilities or any present and future claims benefiting from statutory 
preferences or otherwise ranking in priority to the Senior Non Preferred Notes, 
Coupons and Receipts; and 
(ii) 
in full, in priority to claims in respect of Subordinated Obligations and other 
present and future claims otherwise ranking junior to the Statutory Second 
Ranking Senior Liabilities. 
c) 
Subject to the application of the Resolution Law and the SRM Regulation, 
notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements, or understanding between the Issuer and any holder, by 
its acquisition of the Notes, each holder (which, for the purposes of this clause, includes 
each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges and accepts that any 
amount due arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of any write-down 
or conversion powers in accordance with Article 48 of the BRRD and Article 49 of the 
Resolution Law, and acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any write-down or conversion powers by the 
relevant resolution authority, which exercise may include and result in any of 
the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction or cancellation of all, or a portion, of the amounts due;

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the amounts due on the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such 
shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the provisions of the Notes by which 
the Notes have no maturity or the amendment of the amount of interest 
payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the relevant 
resolution authority, to give effect to the exercise of any write-down or 
conversion powers by the relevant resolution authority. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
This Condition 4 shall only apply in relation to the Notes of any Series that are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being Senior Notes (other than Restricted EOD Notes). 
a) 
Restriction: 
The Issuer undertakes that, so long as any of the Senior Notes (other than Restricted EOD 
Notes), Receipts or Coupons remain outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), it shall not 
create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien (other than a lien arising solely by 
operation of law in the ordinary course of business) or other encumbrance upon, or with respect to, the 
whole or any part of its present or future property, assets or revenues to secure repayment of, or to 
secure any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of, any external indebtedness unless the Senior Notes 
(other than Restricted EOD Notes), Receipts and Coupons (A) are, at the same time, secured equally 
and rateably therewith, or (B) have the benefit of such other security or other arrangement as shall be 
approved by a meeting of Noteholders in accordance with the Luxembourg Company Law (as defined 
in Condition 15).  
b) 
External indebtedness: 
In this Condition 4, "external indebtedness" means any obligation for the repayment of 
borrowed money in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes, debentures or other securities (i) that 
on issue were offered through an international group of banks or financial institutions as to more than 
50 per cent. in issue amount outside Luxembourg and (ii) that are, or are capable of being, quoted, 
listed or ordinarily traded on any stock exchange, automated trading system, over-the-counter or other 
securities market. 
5. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes or Zero Coupon Notes or Index Linked Notes or, in the case of Exempt Notes, whether a different 
interest basis applies. 
a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: 
This Condition 5.a) applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with 
this Condition 5.a) for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes.  
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of 
Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable 
Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable Determination 
Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, 
such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date. The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5.i). 
b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Notes and Reference Rate Determination 
on Range Accrual Notes:

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
This Condition 5.b) applies to Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Notes and (where specified) 
Reference Rate Determination on Range Accrual Notes only.  The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 
5.b) and in the case of the Index Linked Notes, Condition 21 for full information on the manner in which 
interest is calculated on Floating Rate Notes, Index Linked Notes and (where specified) Reference Rate 
Determination on Range Accrual Notes.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any 
Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Business Day Convention, any Additional Business Centres, , the party who will calculate the amount 
of interest due if it is not the Fiscal Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the 
Day Count Fraction.  Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the 
applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) 
and Relevant Screen Page. 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its 
outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate 
per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.i). The Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are either shown hereon as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon, Interest Payment 
Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
shown hereon as the Specified Period after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is 
specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the 
month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to 
adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes and Reference Rate Determination on 
Range Accrual Notes: The (i) Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
or Floating Rate Range Accrual Notes for each Interest Accrual Period, or (ii) 
the Range Accrual Reference Rate in respect of Range Accrual Notes, shall 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the 
provisions below relating to Screen Rate Determination shall apply as follows: 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than Floating 
Rate Notes referencing Compounded SONIA or Compounded SOFR 
and Range Accrual Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which (i) the Rate of Interest, or (ii) the Range 
Accrual Reference Rate, is to be determined, and unless the 
Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Series of Floating Rate 
Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being “SONIA” or 
“SOFR”, such Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period or 
Range Accrual Reference Rate will, subject as provided below, be 
either: 
(x) 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate (as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 5.m)) which appears or appear, as the 
case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of 
EURIBOR) (i) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
as determined by the Calculation Agent or (ii) on such relevant 
determination date for Range Accrual Notes, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations; 
If the Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being other than EURIBOR, the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Notes will be determined as 
provided in the applicable Final Terms. 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-
paragraph (x)(1) above applies and no such offered quotation 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph 
(x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case 
as at the time specified above, subject as provided below and 
in Condition 5.m), the Calculation Agent shall request, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of 
each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on (i) 
the Interest Determination Date in question or (ii) on such 
relevant determination date for Range Accrual Notes, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the (i) Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period or (ii) the Range Accrual Reference Rate shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; and 
(z) 
if paragraph (y) applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered 
quotations, subject as provided below, (i) the Rate of Interest 
or (ii) the Range Accrual Reference Rate shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more 
of them, at which such banks were offered, if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the relevant (i) Interest Determination Date or (ii) 
determination date for Range Accrual Notes, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of 
the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant 
(i) Interest Determination Date or (ii) determination date for 
Range Accrual Notes, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are 
in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs 
the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market provided that, if the (i) Rate of Interest or (ii) Range 
Accrual Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the (i) Rate of 
Interest or (ii) Range Accrual Reference Rate shall be 
determined as at the last preceding (i) Interest Determination 
Date or (ii) determination date for Range Accrual Notes, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded SONIA 
(x) 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; 
(ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon as being SONIA; 
and (iii) SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon 
as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject to Condition 5.h) and Condition 5.m), be 
the SONIA Compounded Index Rate determined as follows: 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment during the SONIA Observation Period relating to 
such Interest Period (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
−1൰× ൬365
𝑑𝑑൰ 
provided, however, that and subject to Condition 5.m), if the 
SONIA Compounded Index Value is not available in relation 
to any Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page or on the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other 
page or website as may replace such page for the purposes 
of publishing the SONIA Compounded Index) for the 
determination of either or both of SONIA Compounded 
IndexSTART and/or SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate of 
Interest shall be calculated for such Interest Period on the 
basis of the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set 
out in Condition 5.b)(iii)(B)(y) as if SONIA Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate with Observation Shift had been specified 
hereon as being applicable and the “Relevant Screen Page”

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
shall be deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback Screen Page” 
as specified hereon, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period; 
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;  
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified 
hereon (or, if no such number is so specified, five) 
representing a number of London Business Days; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the 
SONIA Compounded Index administered by the Bank of 
England (or any successor administrator thereof); 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any 
London Business Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded 
Index as published by authorised distributors on the Relevant 
Screen Page on such London Business Day or, if the value of 
the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be obtained from the 
Relevant Screen Page, as published on the Bank of England’s 
website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or 
such other page or website as may replace such page for the 
purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded Index) in 
respect of such London Business Day; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the 
last day of the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the 
first day of the relevant SONIA Observation Period; and 
“SONIA Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling “p” 
London Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first SONIA Observation Period shall begin on 
(and include) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior 
to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but 
excluding) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling “p” London Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
(y) 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; 
(ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon as being SONIA; 
and (iii) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is 
specified hereon as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 5.h) and 
Condition 5.m), be the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate determined as follows:  
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in 
respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows:

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× 365
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
“London Business Day”, “p” and “SONIA Observation Period” 
have the respective meanings set out in Condition 
5.b)(iii)(B)(x); 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant: 
(i) 
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift 
is specified hereon as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as 
being applicable; 
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant: 
(i) 
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift 
is specified hereon as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as 
being applicable; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing 
the 
relevant 
London 
Business 
Day 
in 
chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Business Day in the relevant: 
(i) 
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift 
is specified hereon as being applicable, to (and 
including) the last London Business Day in the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as 
being applicable, to (and including) the last London 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such London Business 
Day “i” up to (but excluding) the next following London 
Business Day; 
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day, the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of: 
(i) 
that London Business Day “i”, where Observation 
Shift is specified hereon as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
the London Business Day (being a London Business 
Day falling in the relevant SONIA Observation Period) 
falling “p” London Business Days prior to the relevant 
London Business Day “i”, where Lag is specified 
hereon as being applicable; and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London 
Business Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London 
Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page on the next following London Business Day or, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as published by 
authorised distributors on such next following London 
Business Day or, if SONIA cannot be obtained from the 
Relevant Screen Page, as published on the Bank of England’s 
website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
such other page or website as may replace such page for the 
purposes of publishing the SONIA reference rate). 
(z) 
Subject to Condition 5m), where SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate hereon and either (i) SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate is specified hereon as being applicable 
or (ii) the SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon 
as being applicable and Condition 5.b)(iii)(B)(y) applies, if, in 
respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA reference 
rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or the 
Relevant Fallback Screen Page as applicable (or as otherwise 
provided in the relevant definition thereof) or as published on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other 
page or website as may replace such page for the purposes 
of publishing the SONIA reference rate), such Reference Rate 
shall be: 
(i) 
(1) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London 
Business Day; plus (2) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which the SONIA reference rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there 
is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, or 
(ii) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA 
reference rate published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or as otherwise provided in the relevant 
definition thereof) or (if later) as published on the Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ 
(or 
such other page or website as may replace such page 
for the purposes of publishing the SONIA reference 
rate) for the first preceding London Business Day on 
which the SONIA reference rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in 
the relevant definition thereof) or (if later) as published 
on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ 
(or 
such other page or website as may replace such page 
for the purposes of publishing the SONIA reference 
rate), and 
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(aa) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 11, the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified 
hereon, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest 
Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded SOFR 
(x) 
SOFR Compounded Index Rate

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; 
(ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon as being SOFR; 
and (iii) SOFR Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon 
as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject to Condition 5h) and as provided below, be 
the SOFR Compounded Index Rate determined as follows. 
“SOFR Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment during the SOFR Observation Period relating to 
such Interest Period (with the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows: 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
−1൰× ൬360
𝑑𝑑൰ 
provided, however, that, and subject as provided below, if the 
SOFR Compounded Index Value is not available in relation to 
any Interest Period on the SOFR Administrator’s Website for 
the determination of either or both of SOFR Compounded 
IndexSTART and/or SOFR Compounded IndexEND and a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred with respect to such 
SOFR Compounded Index Value, the Rate of Interest shall be 
calculated for such Interest Period on the basis of the SOFR 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set out in Condition 
5.b)(iii)(C)(y) as if SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
with Observation Shift had been specified hereon as being 
applicable, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period;  
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified 
hereon (or, if no such number is so specified, five) 
representing a number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as 
provided by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the index known as SOFR 
Index administered by the SOFR Administrator; 
“SOFR Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the value of the 
SOFR Compounded Index as published by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 
p.m. (New York City time) on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
“SOFR Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the SOFR Compounded Index Value on the 
last day of the relevant SOFR Observation Period;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
“SOFR Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the SOFR Compounded Index Value on the 
first day of the relevant SOFR Observation Period;  
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first SOFR Observation Period 
shall begin on (and include) the date which is “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the date 
which is “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable); and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day 
except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to determining the SOFR 
Compounded Index Rate, the benchmark replacement 
provisions set forth in Condition 5.b)(ii)(y) below shall apply for 
the purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in 
respect of the Notes. 
(y) 
SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; 
(ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon as being SOFR; 
and (iii) SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified 
hereon as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject to Condition 5.h) and as provided 
below, be the SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
determined as follows: 
“SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in 
respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
“p”, “SOFR Administrator”, “SOFR Administrator’s Website”, 
“SOFR Observation Period” and “U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day” have the respective meanings set out in 
Condition 5.b)(iii)(C)(x); 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant: 
(i) 
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is 
specified hereon as being applicable; or

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as 
being applicable; 
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant: 
(i) 
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is 
specified hereon as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as 
being applicable; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant: 
(i) 
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is 
specified hereon as being applicable, to (and 
including) the last U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation 
Period; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as 
being applicable, to (and including) the last U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to (but 
excluding) the next following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; 
“SOFRi” means, in relation to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR reference rate in respect of: 
(i) 
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, 
where Observation Shift is specified hereon as being 
applicable; or 
(ii) 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being 
a U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in 
the relevant SOFR Observation Period) falling “p” 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i”, where Lag is specified hereon as being 
applicable; and 
the “SOFR reference rate” means, in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, a rate determined in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day that 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at or 
about 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day; and 
(ii) 
if the rate specified in paragraph (i) above does not so 
appear, unless both a Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, then the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the 
SOFR Administrator’s Website for the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to determining the SOFR 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate, 
the 
benchmark 
replacement provisions set forth in Condition 5.b)(ii)(y) below 
shall apply for the purposes of all determinations of the Rate 
of Interest in respect of the Notes. 
(x) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 11, the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified 
hereon, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest 
Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(y) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these Conditions, if: 
(i) 
the Benchmark is SOFR; and 
(ii) 
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to the 
Benchmark, 
then the following provisions of this Condition 5.b)(ii)(y) shall 
apply. 
(I) 
Benchmark Replacement 
If the Issuer or its designee determines prior to the 
Reference 
Time 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace 
the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating 
to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and all determinations on all subsequent dates 
(subject to any subsequent application of this 
Condition 5.b)(ii)(y) with respect to such Benchmark 
Replacement). 
(II) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the 
right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time. 
The Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent is not 
obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming 
Changes 
which, in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or 
the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it 
to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to 
the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as 
applicable) in the Agency Agreement. 
None of the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent 
shall have any liability for any determination made by

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
or on behalf of the Issuer or its designee in connection 
with a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark 
Replacement. For the avoidance of doubt, unless 
otherwise agreed upon in writing, any Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent shall in no event be the Issuer’s 
designee. 
(III) 
Decisions and Determinations 
Any determination, decision or election that may be 
made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this 
Condition 5.b)(ii)(y), including (without limitation) any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of 
an event, circumstance or date and any decision to 
take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, 
may be made in the Issuer’s or its designee’s sole 
discretion (as applicable), and, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in these Conditions, shall 
become effective without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders or any other party. 
In connection with any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes in accordance with this 
Condition 5.b)(ii)(y), the Issuer shall comply with the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(IV) 
Notice and Certification 
Any 
Benchmark 
Replacement, 
Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
determined under this Condition 5.b)(ii)(y) will be 
notified at least 10 business days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, promptly 
thereafter, in accordance with Condition 18, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
(V) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5.b)(ii)(y):  
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR (provided that if 
a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to SOFR (or the published daily SOFR used 
in the calculation thereof) or any Benchmark which 
has replaced it in accordance with this Condition 
5.b)(ii)(y), then the term “Benchmark” means the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement); 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative 
set out in the order below that can be determined by 
the Issuer or its designee as at the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest 
that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
and 
(2) 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and 
(2) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
or 
(C) 
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest 
that has been selected by the Issuer or its 
designee as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark giving due consideration 
to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate 
notes at such time and (2) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the 
first alternative set out in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as at the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero), or method 
for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body 
for 
the 
applicable 
Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(B) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Issuer or its designee 
giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for 
U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at 
such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” 
means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, 
any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the definition of Interest Period, 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding amounts or tenors, and 
other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its 
designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a 
manner substantially consistent with market practice 
(or, if the Issuer or its designee decides that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Issuer or its designee 
determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Issuer or its designee determines is 
reasonably necessary);

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to 
occur of the following events with respect to the then-
current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of paragraph (A) or (B) of the 
definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, 
the later of (1) the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced 
therein and (2) the date on which the 
administrator of the Benchmark permanently 
or 
indefinitely 
ceases 
to 
provide 
the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
in the case of paragraph (C) of the definition 
of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of 
the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to 
the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to 
have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence 
of one or more of the following events with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
a 
public 
statement 
or 
publication 
of 
information 
by 
or 
on 
behalf 
of 
the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) 
announcing 
that 
such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); 
(B) 
a 
public 
statement 
or 
publication 
of 
information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency 
of the Benchmark (or such component), an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component), a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component) or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), which 
states 
that 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, 
there 
is 
no 
successor

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
administrator that will continue to provide the 
Benchmark (or such component); or 
(C) 
a 
public 
statement 
or 
publication 
of 
information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the 
administrator 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
“designee” means an affiliate or any other agent of the 
Issuer;  
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 5.k);  
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the Benchmark;  
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply 
for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark 
for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment;  
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of 
the Benchmark means (A) if the Benchmark is SOFR, 
3:00 p.m. (New York City time) or such other time as 
is reasonably agreed between the Issuer or its 
designee and the Calculation Agent and (B) if the 
Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the 
Issuer or its designee in accordance with the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the 
Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
c) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes or Range Accrual Notes that 
are CMS Range Accrual Notes: Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which (i) the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined or (ii) the Range Accrual Reference Rate for a CMS Range Accrual Note 
is to be determined, (x) the Rate of Interest (for a CMS Linked Interest Note) for each 
Interest Period, or (y) the Range Accrual Reference Rate (for a CMS Range Accrual 
Note) will be: 
(i) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the following formula: 
Margin
 
 
Rate
 
CMS
+
 
(ii) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula:

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
Rate
 
CMS
 x 
Leverage
 
(iii) 
where "Steepner CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to the following formula: 
Either: 
(A) 
where "Steepner CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
2
 
Rate
 
CMS
  – 
1 
Rate
 
CMS
 
or 
(B) 
where "Steepner CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
Margin
 
 
2)]
 
Rate
 
CMS
  –  
Cap
 
1;
 
Rate
 
(CMS
 
[(Min
 x 
Leverage
+
 
(iv) 
where "Call Spread CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the applicable Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula: 
Cap]
 
Floor);
 
Margin;
 
 
Rate
 
(CMS
[Max 
 
Min
 x 
Leverage
+
 
(v) 
where "Collar Steepner CMS" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
Margin)))
 
 2
 
Rate
 
CMS
 x 
2
 
Leverage
 - 1 
Rate
 
CMS
 x 
1 
(Leverage
 
(Floor;
Max 
 
(Cap,
 
Min
+
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  The Agency Agreement contains provisions for 
determining the Rate of Interest in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available; and 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Floor", "Leverage", "Leverage 1", "Leverage 
2" and "Margin" shall have the meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
d) 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate and Floating Rate Notes 
If Adjustment of Rate of Interest is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then from and including the first Interest Payment Date following any Adjustment Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Fixed Interest Rate (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Spread (in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes) that was applicable immediately before that Adjustment Date shall be 
increased or decreased by the Adjustment Margin applicable to that Adjustment Date, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  For the avoidance of doubt, the number of Adjustment Dates is unlimited. 
e) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to 
the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall 
be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 7.b)(i)). 
f) 
Exempt Notes: 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the 
Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than 
EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined as provided in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed 
Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
g) 
Accrual of Interest: 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue 
(both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9). 
h) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be 
made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the 
specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance 
with b) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value 
(if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the 
case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) 
all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, 
to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures 
(with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and 
payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves 
being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to 
the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
i) 
Calculations: 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, Calculation Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest 
Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the 
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Amounts 
shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts payable in respect 
of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to 
be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period 
for which interest is required to be calculated. 
j) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may 
be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and 
cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early 
Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each 
of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes 
that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a 
stock exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5.b)(ii), 
the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 
11, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall, subject in the 
case of each of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate, the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate, 
the SOFR Compounded Index Rate and the SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate to Condition 
5.b)(iii)(B) or 5.b)(iii)(C), as applicable, nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in 
accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
k) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than EUR, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in the principal financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of EUR, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a 
"TARGET Business Day");  
(iii) 
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a TARGET Business Day; and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Additional Business Centres (other 
than TARGET System), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Additional Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, 
generally in each of the Additional Business Centres. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual 
Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual(ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
360
)
(
)]
M
(M
x
[30
)]
Y
(Y
x
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
−
+
−
+
−
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
360
)
(
)]
M
(M
x
[30
)]
Y
(Y
x
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
−
+
−
+
−
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, 
in which case D2 will be 30. 
(vi) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
360
)
(
)]
M
(M
x
[30
)]
Y
(Y
x
[360
Fraction
Count
Day
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
−
+
−
+
−
=
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
(vii) 
if "Actual/Actual(ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) if the 
Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product 
of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and (b) if the Calculation 
Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: (x) the number of 
days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which it 
begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
and (y) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year, 
where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in 
accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Banking 
Federation based on estimated interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated 
currencies and maturities which are provided, in respect of each such currency, by a 
panel of contributor banks (details of historic EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the 
designated distributor) 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union 
that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community as amended by the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty of 
Amsterdam. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of 
Fixed Rate Notes, and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending 
the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Accrual Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified:  
(i) 
unless the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being 
“SONIA” or “SOFR” (A) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or (B) the day falling two Business Days in London 
for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if 
the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor EUR or (C) the day falling two 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if 
the Specified Currency is EUR;

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being 
"SONIA", the date which is "p" London Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being 
"SOFR", the date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to each Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of 
this Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions 
hereon. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal 
Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, selected by 
the Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such hereon. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of 
a particular information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 
November 2007 or any successor thereto. 
l) 
Calculation Agent: 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where more than one 
Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation 
Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, 
Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading 
bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap market) 
that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent 
(acting through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as 
such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
m) 
EURIBOR benchmark discontinuation: 
With respect to  Floating Rate Notes and Range Accrual Notes using an EURIBOR or other 
benchmark (each, the “Original Rate”), if (i) the Original Rate is not SOFR and (ii) the Original Rate is 
subject to a Benchmark Event (as defined below) at any time when the terms and conditions of any 
Notes provide for any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to 
such Original Rate, or if any relevant screen rate is not then available as a result of the permanent 
discontinuation of such Original Rate, the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner and after consultation with the Issuer: 
(i) 
will use, as a substitute for such Original Rate or such screen rate which has 
replaced such Original Rate (as applicable) and for each future Interest 
Determination Date, the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank,

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working 
group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable benchmark currency that is 
consistent with accepted market practice (the "Substitute Rate"); or   
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that there is no clear market 
consensus on a direct successor or replacement to such Original Rate or such 
screen rate which has replaced such Original Rate (as applicable) in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining rates of interest on the same 
interest basis and in the same Specified Currency as the relevant Notes, the 
Calculation Agent shall be entitled (but not obliged) to appoint and request that 
an Independent Adviser shall determine an appropriate alternative Original Rate 
or screen rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser so determines such 
alternative Original Rate or screen rate (as the case may be), then such 
alternative Original Rate or screen rate (as the case may be) shall subsequently 
be used for determining the relevant rate of interest for such Notes in place of 
the originally specified Original Rate or screen rate (the "Alternative Rate").  
As part of such substitution, the Calculation Agent will, after consultation with the Issuer, make 
such adjustments to the Substitute Rate or Alternative Rate thereon, as well as the Business Day 
Convention, Interest Determination Dates and related provisions and definitions, in each case that are 
consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such Substitute Rate or Alternative Rate or the 
Adjustment Spread for debt obligations such as such Notes. 
If any Substitute Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 5.m) and the Independent Adviser or the Calculation Agent determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Substitute Rate 
or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread (if any) (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) 
and (ii) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 13, vary these Conditions to the extent needed to give effect to 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. For the avoidance of 
doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Substitute Rate or Alternative Rate and 
the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) pursuant to this paragraph. For the 
avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance with this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
If no successor, replacement or alternative Original Rate or screen rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, then the Calculation Agent will, after consultation with the Issuer, 
determine, at its discretion, either:  
(i) 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Notes by giving notice in accordance with Condition 18, 
in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Notes and cause to be paid to each Noteholder 
in respect of each Notes held by it an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount at 
Fair Market Value; or  
(ii) 
the original Original Rate or screen rate (as applicable) will continue to apply, based on 
the last available rate. 
“Adjustment Spread” means that if the Independent Adviser or the Calculation Agent 
determines that (i) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Substitute Rate or the 
Alternative Rate and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Substitute Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest (or a relevant component thereof) by reference to such Substitute Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable). 
“Benchmark Event” means:  
(a) 
the Original Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or  
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Rate that it will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Rate permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Rate); or

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Rate, that the 
Original Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or that its use will be subject to restrictions which would not allow its further 
use in respect of the Notes; or  
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Rate that, in 
the view of such supervisor, such Original Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Original Rate has materially 
changed; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, any other party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder or holder of Coupons or Receipts using the Original Rate; or  
(g) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts 
or to measure the performance of investment funds (the “Benchmark Regulation”) of 
any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish the Original Rate has 
been adopted.  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent leading bank or financial institution of 
international repute engaged in the interbank market or an independent adviser of recognized 
standing and with appropriate expertise, that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent, appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.m), no Substitute Rate or Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread thereon will be adopted, and no other amendments to the Conditions will 
be made pursuant to this Condition 5.m), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to: 
(A) 
prejudice the qualification of Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EoD Notes as 
eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity of the Issuer; or 
(B) 
result in the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority treating a 
future Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date. 
n) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Fiscal 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Fiscal Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
6. 
Range Accrual Notes 
a) 
Fixed Rate Range Accrual 
The Interest Amount payable on each Fixed Rate Range Accrual Note on each Interest 
Payment Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula ending on or around such Interest Payment Date: 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
 x 
Days)
 
Actual
 Accrued/ 
(Days
 x 
Rate
 
(Fixed
 x 
on
Denominati
 
Specified
 
 
 Amount
Interest
=
 
b) 
Floating Rate Range Accrual

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
The Interest Amount payable on each Floating Rate Range Accrual Note on each Interest 
Payment Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula ending on or around such Interest Payment Date: 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
 x 
Days)
 
Actual
 Accrued/ 
(Days
 x 
Rate
  
(Floating
 x 
on
Denominati
  
Specified
 
 
 Amount
Interest
=
 
c) 
CMS Range Accrual 
The Interest Amount payable on each CMS Range Accrual Note on each Interest Payment 
Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula ending on or around such Interest Payment Date: 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
 x 
Days)
 
ctual
 Accrued/A
(Days
 x 
Rate
 
Floating
 
or
 
Rate
 
(Fixed
 x 
on
Denominati
 
Specified
 
=
 
 Amount
Interest
 
d) 
Definitions 
"Actual Days" means, in relation to each Interest Period, the number of calendar days 
in such Interest Period. 
"Daily Observation" means the days in such Interest Period the Range Accrual 
Reference Rate is capable of determination. 
"Days Accrued" means, in relation to each Interest Period, the number of calendar 
days in such Interest Period at which the Range Accrual Reference Rate is (i) equal or 
greater than the Lower Range and/or (ii) equal or less than the Upper Range. 
"Fixed Rate" means the fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject 
to any adjustment to the Fixed Rate for subsequent Interest Periods, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Floating Rate" means the floating rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to any adjustment to the Floating Rate for subsequent Interest Periods, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Lower Range" means the Lower Range as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to any adjustment to the Lower Range for subsequent Interest Periods, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Range Accrual Reference Rate" means such reference rate as specified in the 
Applicable Final Terms, whereby such specified reference rate (i) which is a Fixed Rate 
Range Accrual Note or a Floating Rate Range Accrual shall be determined according 
to Condition 5.c)(iii)(A) or (B), whichever is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or (ii) which is a CMS Range Accrual Note shall be determined according to Condition 
5.c). 
"Upper Range" means the Upper Range as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to any adjustment to the Upper Range for subsequent Interest Periods, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
a) 
Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Note 
shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal 
amount). 
b) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note, the Early Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index 
and/or a formula, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 
7.c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 11 
shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of 
such Note unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised 
Face Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at 
a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, shall be such rate 
as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price 
of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note 
upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 7.c) or upon it becoming 
due and payable as provided in Condition 11 is not paid when due, the 
Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note 
shall be the Amortised Face Amount of such Note as defined in sub-
paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect 
as though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable were 
the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both 
before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the 
amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest 
that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5.c). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one 
year, it shall be made on the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown 
hereon. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than 
Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 7.c) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
11, shall be the Final Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with interest 
accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
Subject to Condition 7(j) below in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD 
Notes, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note or an Index Linked Note) or at any time (if this Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note nor an Index Linked Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their 
Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 7.b) above) (together with interest accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption), if (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 9 as a result of any change in the laws or regulations of Luxembourg 
(or in the official application of such laws or regulations) or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date (a "Tax Law Change"), and 
(ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, provided 
that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes 
then due. Before the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
make available at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent a certificate signed by 
two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
Subject to Condition 7(j) below in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD 
Notes, if Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms (the details of which will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (or such other notice period as

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any 
Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise 
must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Bearer Notes or, in the case of Registered Notes, shall specify the nominal amount of 
Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes to be redeemed which shall have 
been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, 
taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock 
exchange requirements. 
e) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders: 
If Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
holder of any such Note (other than a Senior Non Preferred Note or a Restricted EOD Note upon the 
holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Issuer (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit such Note (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons) with any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registered Note Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the 
case of Registered Notes) at its specified office, together with a duly completed option exercise notice 
("Exercise Notice") in the form obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent 
(as applicable) within the notice period. No Note or Registered Note Certificate so deposited and option 
exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent 
of the Issuer. 
f) 
Specific Redemption Provisions Applicable to Certain Types of Exempt Notes: 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  For the purposes of Condition 7.c), Dual 
Currency Interest Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date. 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption 
Amount of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
g) 
Purchases: 
In addition to Notes or Coupons purchased, subject to Condition 7(j) below in the case of Senior 
Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, in the ordinary course of dealing in securities on behalf 
of third parties, the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) may, subject to Condition 7.j) 
below in the case of Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price in accordance with applicable 
laws (if any). The Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
shall not entitle the holder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be 
outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of the Noteholders or for the purposes 
of Condition 15.a). "Subsidiary" means any company 50 per cent. or more of the equity share capital 
of which is owned directly or indirectly by the Issuer. Such Notes may be reissued or resold by the 
Issuer or its Subsidiaries. 
h) 
Cancellation:

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
All Notes that are redeemed shall be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith) and accordingly may not be 
reissued or resold. 
i) 
Redemption Due to MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 7.i) applies only in the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes and where this Condition 7.i) is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
Upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 
7.i) elect to redeem all, but not some only, of the Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes 
at their principal amount (or at such other amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
together with any accrued and unpaid interest (if any) thereon to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption by giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 and the Fiscal Agent 
and the Paying Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable): 
(i) 
in the case of all Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes other 
than Floating Rate Senior Non Preferred Notes, Floating Rate Restricted EOD 
Notes, Index Linked Senior Non Preferred Notes or Index Linked Restricted 
EOD Notes, at any time within the period of not less than 30 nor more than 45 
days from the date such notice; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Senior Non Preferred Notes, Floating Rate 
Restricted EOD Notes, Index Linked Senior Non Preferred Notes or Index 
Linked Restricted EOD Notes, (A) on any Interest Payment Date falling within 
the period of not less than 30 nor more than 45 days from the date of such 
notice or (B) if there is no Interest Payment Date falling within (A) above, on 
the first Interest Payment Date to occur after the expiry of 45 days from such 
notice.   
j) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase prior to Final Redemption  
In the case of Notes specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or Restricted EOD Notes: 
(i) 
any redemption or purchase of the Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted 
EOD Notes in accordance with Conditions 7(c), (d), (g) or (i) is subject to such 
redemption or purchase being permitted by applicable MREL Regulations and 
subject to the Issuer obtaining Supervisory Permission therefor, if required; and 
(ii) 
prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Condition 7.i), 
the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent (A) a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the relevant 
circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem is satisfied.  
k) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below:  
"BIL Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries from time to time. 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing the framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms or such other directive as may come into effect in place thereof, as 
implemented in Luxembourg and as amended (including Directive (EU) 2019/879) or replaced 
from time to time and including any other relevant implementing regulatory provisions. 
"BRRD Amending Directive" means Directive 2017/2399 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy. 
"Competent Authority" means the European Central Bank or such other or successor 
governmental authority exercising primary bank supervisory authority from time to time, in each 
case with respect to prudential matters in relation to the Issuer and/or the BIL Group. 
"CRD" means any, or any combination of, the CRD Directive, the CRR, and any CRD 
Implementing Measures.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (including Directive (EU) 2019/878) or 
replaced from time to time, or such other directive as may come into effect in place thereof. 
"CRD Implementing Measures" means any rules implementing the CRD Directive or the CRR 
which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or 
implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, 
national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Competent 
Authority, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable 
to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the BIL Group (on a consolidated basis) and which 
prescribe the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer (on a 
standalone basis) or the BIL Group (on a consolidated basis). 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on the prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended (including Regulation (EU) 2019/876) or replaced from time to time, or such other 
regulation as may come into effect in place thereof. 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means at any time in respect of a Series of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, that all or part of the outstanding principal amount 
of such Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes as the case may be, 
does not fully qualify as MREL Eligible Instruments of the Issuer, except where such non-
qualification (i) was reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date, (ii) is due solely to the 
remaining maturity of such Series of Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes as 
the case may be, being less than any period prescribed for by the applicable MREL Regulations 
or (iii) is due to restrictions on the amount of eligible liabilities that such Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, as the case may be, can contribute. 
"MREL Eligible Instrument" means an instrument that is an eligible liability instrument to be 
counted towards the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer in 
accordance with the applicable MREL Regulations. 
"MREL Regulations" means, at any time, the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies then in effect in Luxembourg giving effect to the “minimum requirement for own funds 
and eligible liabilities” ("MREL") applicable to banking institutions or any successor laws, 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies that may be applicable to the Issuer and/or 
the BIL Group, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, CRD, the BRRD 
and/or the BRRD Amending Directive (whether or not such laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or 
specifically to the Issuer and/or the BIL Group). 
"Supervisory Permission" means, in relation to any action, such supervisory permission (or, 
as appropriate, waiver) from the Competent Authority and/or the Relevant Resolution Authority 
as is required therefor under applicable MREL Regulations (if any). 
8. 
Payments and Talons 
a) 
Bearer Notes: 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, 
be made against presentation and surrender of the Notes (in the case of payments of principal and, in 
the case of interest, as specified in Condition 8.g)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 8.g)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, 
by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with a Bank. "Bank" means a bank in the 
principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of EUR, in a city in which banks have access 
to the TARGET System. 
b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Registered Note Certificates at the 
specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the 
manner provided in paragraph (ii) below.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the Register 
at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment 
thereof (the "Record Date"). Payments of interest on each Registered Note 
shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed 
to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address 
appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment 
of interest may be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency 
maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
c) 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Notes, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 8.a) and b) 
above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Payment of the final 
instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 8.a) and b) above only against presentation 
and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in 
accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant 
instalment together with the definitive Note to which it appertains.  Receipts presented without the 
definitive Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer.  Upon the date 
on which any definitive Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
d) 
Payments in the United States: 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments 
in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the 
same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in 
full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
e) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer and the Issuer will 
not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, 
directives or agreements), but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9, (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto 
and (iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code ("871(m) 
Withholding"). In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to 
any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend equivalent” 
(as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments 
regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under 
applicable law. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in 
respect of such payments. 
Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities 
may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 
70%.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, 
and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in 
Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
f) 
Appointment of Agents:

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrars, the Transfer Agents and any Calculation 
Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrars, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent(s) act solely 
as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with 
any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, any Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the 
Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, 
(iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes in Luxembourg, (iv) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two 
major European cities, and (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock 
exchange on which the Notes may be listed Notice of any such termination or appointment and of any 
change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts will be given in accordance with 
Condition 18. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph d) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
g) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate 
Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face 
value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being 
made in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon 
that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be 
deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any 
amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 10 years from the 
Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating 
Rate Note or Index Linked Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are 
to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented 
for redemption without all unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest 
or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be 
payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant 
Bearer Note or Registered Note Certificate representing it, as the case may 
be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on 
redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Registered Note Certificate 
representing it, as the case may be. 
h) 
Talons: 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary 
another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void 
pursuant to Condition 10). 
i) 
Non-Business Days: 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, or Coupon is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in 
respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph i), "business day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Additional Financial 
Centres" (other than TARGET System) hereon and: 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than EUR) where payment is to be made by 
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such currency; or 
(in the case of a payment in EUR and if TARGET System is specified as an "Additional Financial 
Centre" in the applicable Final Terms) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
9. 
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons 
shall be made free and clear of, without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Luxembourg or any authority therein or thereof having 
power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required 
("Additional Amounts"), except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note, Receipt or Coupon: 
a) 
Other connection: 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some 
connection with Luxembourg other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt or Coupon; 
b) 
Lawful avoidance of withholding: 
presented (or in respect of which the Registered Note Certificate representing it is presented) 
for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the 
holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the 
thirtieth such day assuming that day to have been a “business day” for the purposes of Condition 8.i); 
or 
c) 
FATCA and 871(m) withholding: 
where such withholding or deduction is required (a) by an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, or (b) pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means 
the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or 
(if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon 
further presentation of the Note (or relative Registered Note Certificate), Receipt or Coupon being made 
in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include 
any premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts 
in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) 
"interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to 
Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed 
to include any Additional Amounts that may be payable under this Condition.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which 
for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten 
years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date 
in respect of them. 
11. 
Events of Default  
a) 
Events of Default – Senior Notes only 
This Condition 11.a) shall apply in relation to the Notes of any Series that are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being Senior Notes (other than Restricted EOD Notes) (in which case 
Condition 11.b) below shall apply to such Notes).  
If any of the following events ("Events of Default") occurs and is continuing, the holder of any 
Note may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that such Note is immediately 
repayable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of such Note together (if applicable) with accrued 
interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable: 
(i) 
Non-Payment: default is made for more than 14 days (in the case of interest) 
or seven days (in the case of principal) in the payment on the due date of 
interest or principal in respect of any of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer defaults in performance or observance 
of, or compliance with, any of its other obligations in the Notes which default is 
incapable of remedy or which, if capable of remedy, is not remedied within 21 
days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Fiscal Agent at 
its specified office by any Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal 
process is levied, enforced or sued out on or against all or a material part of 
the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer and is not stayed or discharged 
within 21 days; or 
(iv) 
Security Enforced: any present or future mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or 
other encumbrance on or over all or a material part of the property, assets or 
revenues of the Issuer becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce 
it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, 
manager, administrator or other similar person) and such enforcement or step 
is not stayed or discharged within 21 days; or 
(v) 
Insolvency: the Issuer becomes insolvent within the meaning of Luxembourg 
law or applies for or consents to or suffers the appointment of a liquidator 
(liquidateur) or receiver of the Issuer or of the whole or any substantial part of 
the undertaking, property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or initiates any 
proceedings under any law for a readjustment or deferment of its obligations 
or any substantial part thereof or makes or enters into a general assignment or 
an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or an order 
is made or an effective resolution is passed for the dissolution (dissolution) or 
liquidation (liquidation) of the Issuer or to admit the Issuer to a regime of 
suspension of payments (sursis de paiement); or 
(vi) 
Cessation of Business: the Issuer ceases to carry on business (except for the 
purpose of any amalgamation, merger or other reorganisation under which the 
continuing or successor corporation has assumed all of the assets and 
business undertakings of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 15.c) and has 
expressly and effectively assumed the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Notes); or 
(vii) 
Cross-Default: (i) any loan or other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer 
for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised and not being money deposited 
with the Issuer or transferred pursuant to a fiduciary contract within the 
meaning of the law of 27 July 2003, as amended from time to time, or otherwise 
borrowed in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer ("Relevant 
Indebtedness") becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity 
otherwise than at the option of the Issuer, or (ii) the Issuer fails to make any

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
payment in respect of Relevant Indebtedness on the due date for such 
payment as extended by any originally applicable grace period, or (iii) the 
security for any Relevant Indebtedness becomes enforceable, or (iv) default is 
made by the Issuer in making any payment due under any present or future 
guarantee and/or indemnity given by it of, or in respect of, Relevant 
Indebtedness provided that the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Indebtedness in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above 
in this paragraph (vii) have occurred equals or exceeds U.S.$10,000,000 or its 
equivalent (on the basis of the middle spot rate for the relevant currency 
against the U.S. dollar as quoted by any leading bank on the day on which this 
paragraph operates). 
b) 
Events of Default –Senior Non Preferred Notes and Restricted EOD Notes only 
This Condition 11.b) shall apply in relation to the Notes of any Series that are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes. 
Save as provided below, there are no events of default under the Senior Non Preferred Notes 
or Restricted EOD Notes which could lead to an acceleration of the Senior Non Preferred Notes or 
Restricted EOD Notes, as applicable. 
(i) 
Liquidation: If any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed 
for the Liquidation of the Issuer and such order is continuing, then any Notes 
may, unless there has been a resolution to the contrary at a Masse Meeting, 
by written notice addressed by the Noteholder thereof to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared 
immediately due and payable, whereupon the Early Redemption Amount of 
such Note together (if applicable) with accrued interest to the date of payment 
shall become immediately due and payable.  
(ii) 
Non-Payment: If default is made in the payment of any interest or principal due 
in respect of the Notes and such default continues for a period of seven days 
or more after the due date then any Noteholder may ask the relevant 
authorities to institute Liquidation or reprieve from payment (sursis de 
paiement) proceedings in Luxembourg (but not elsewhere) in accordance with 
Part II of the Resolution Law in respect of the Issuer (together the "Non-
Payment Proceedings"). Although the relevant authorities may take into 
account a request from a Noteholder to institute the Non-Payment 
Proceedings, they are not in any way bound to do so following the receipt of 
such a request or on any other basis. In determining whether to institute any 
such Non-Payment Proceedings against the Issuer, the relevant authorities will 
act solely on the basis of their own discretion and in accordance with 
Luxembourg law. Without prejudice to such request from a Noteholder as 
described in this Condition 11.b)(ii), a Noteholder shall not be able to take 
proceedings for the Liquidation of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Breach of Other Obligations: To the extent permitted by applicable law and by 
these Conditions, a Noteholder may at its discretion institute such proceedings 
against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition, 
undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes (other than any 
payment obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Notes, including, 
without limitation, payment of any principal or interest); provided always that 
such Noteholder shall not enforce, and shall not be entitled to enforce or 
otherwise claim, against the Issuer any judgment or other award given in such 
proceedings that requires the payment of money by the Issuer, whether by way 
of damages or otherwise, except by proving in the relevant Non-Payment 
Proceedings. 
(iv) 
Waiver: The Noteholders expressly unconditionally and irrevocably waive all 
rights of rescission under article 1184 of the Luxembourg Civil Code and under 
article 470-21 of the Luxembourg Company Law (as defined below in Condition 
15.a)) and, subject to Conditions 11.b)(i),(ii) and (iii) above, of otherwise 
claiming early termination or early repayment of the Notes in case of default by 
the Issuer under any of its obligations under the Notes.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
12. 
Waiver of Set-off or Counterclaim – All Notes 
In respect of all Senior Notes and all Senior Non Preferred Notes, subject to applicable law, no 
Noteholder, Couponholder or Receiptholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, legal set-off according to Article 1290 of the Luxembourg Civil Code), netting, 
compensation or retention (including the right of a Noteholder to rely on the exception of non-
performance (exception d’inexécution)) in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising under, 
or in connection with, the Notes, Receipts or Coupons and each Noteholder, Receiptholder or 
Couponholder shall, by virtue of its holding of any Notes, Receipts or Coupons (as the case may be), 
be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, netting, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding 
the above, if any amounts due and payable to any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder by the 
Issuer in respect of, or arising under, the Notes, Receipts or Coupons are discharged by set-off, such 
Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall, subject to applicable law, immediately pay an amount 
equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer (or the liquidator or administrator of the Issuer as 
the case may be) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an amount equal to such amount 
in a fiduciary (fiduciaire) capacity, or where applicable law permits, in trust for the Issuer (or the liquidator 
or administrator of the Issuer, as the case may be) and, accordingly, any such discharge shall be 
deemed not to have taken place. 
13. 
Substitution and Variation – Senior Non Preferred Notes and Restricted EOD Notes only 
It is the intention of the Issuer that (i) the Senior Non Preferred Notes shall be treated for 
regulatory purposes as MREL Eligible Instruments under the applicable MREL Regulations and for 
rating purposes as ALAC Eligible Instruments under the Rating Methodology and (ii) the Restricted 
EOD Notes shall be treated for regulatory purposes as MREL Eligible Instruments under the Applicable 
MREL Regulations. This Condition applies in the case of Notes specified as being Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or Restricted EOD Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
a) 
Substitution and Variation 
If an MREL Eligibility Event, a Rating Methodology Event (in respect of Senior Non Preferred 
Notes only), an Alignment Event or Tax Event occurs and is continuing, the Issuer may, at its option, 
substitute all (but not some only) of the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes 
or vary the terms and conditions of all (but not some only) of the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes 
or Restricted EOD Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, so 
that they are substituted for, or varied to, become, or remain, Qualifying Notes, subject to having given 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 and 
the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date for 
substitution or, as applicable, variation), and subject to obtaining Supervisory Permission, if required. 
Any such notice shall specify the relevant details of the manner in which such substitution or 
variation shall take effect and where the Noteholders can inspect or obtain copies of the new terms and 
conditions of the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, as applicable. Such 
substitution or variation will be effected without any cost or charge to the Noteholders. 
Noteholders shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any relevant Senior 
Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, as applicable, expressly accept that they will be deemed 
to approve and accept the substitution or variation of the terms of the relevant Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, as applicable and to grant to the Issuer full power and authority to take 
any action and/or to execute and deliver any document in the name and/or on behalf of the Noteholders 
which is necessary or convenient to complete the substitution or variation of the terms of the relevant 
Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, as applicable. 
b) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"ALAC" means additional loss-absorbing capacity (or such similar nomenclature used by S&P 
from time to time) 
"ALAC Eligible Instrument" means an instrument that is an eligible instrument according to the 
ALAC criteria under the Rating Methodology to reflect a commensurate reduction in the default 
risk of the senior unsecured obligations (within the meaning of the Rating Methodology) of the 
Issuer, in accordance with the Rating Methodology. 
An "Alignment Event" is deemed to have occurred if, following the adoption, modification or 
implementation of the applicable MREL Regulations, at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
would be able to issue an MREL Eligible Instrument that contains one or more provisions that 
are, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, different in any material respect from the provisions 
of the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes. 
"MREL Eligibility Event" means at any time, on or following the Issue Date, there is a change 
in the regulatory treatment of the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes 
as a result of (i) a change of laws, (ii) new laws or regulations coming into effect or (iii) a change 
in the interpretation or administrative practice by the applicable regulator, that results in, or will 
result in, all or part of the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or Restricted EOD Notes not qualifying in full as eligible for the purposes of the minimum 
requirement of eligible liabilities referred to in the BRRD and relevant implementing legislation in 
Luxembourg (if applicable) of the Issuer. 
"Qualifying Notes" means, at any time, any securities issued directly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
the fulfilment of the MREL requirement of the Issuer and (in respect of Senior Non 
Preferred Notes only) the ALAC of the Issuer, in each case, to at least the same extent as 
the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, as applicable, prior to 
the relevant substitution or variation;  
(ii) 
carry the same rate of interest as the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted 
EOD Notes, as applicable, prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant to 
Condition 13;  
(iii) 
have the same denomination and aggregate outstanding principal amount as the relevant 
Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, as applicable prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 13;  
(iv) 
have the same date of maturity and the same dates for payment of interest as the relevant 
Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, as applicable, prior to the relevant 
substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 13;  
(v) 
have at least the same ranking as the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted 
EOD Notes, as applicable;  
(vi) 
are not, immediately following such substitution or variation, subject to an MREL Eligibility 
Event, a Rating Methodology Event (in respect of Senior Non Preferred Notes only), an 
Alignment Event and/or a Tax Event;  
(vii) 
have terms not otherwise materially less favourable to the Noteholders than the terms of 
the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, as applicable, as 
reasonably determined by the Issuer; and 
(viii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange (including, without 
limitation, a regulated market), as selected by the Issuer, if (A) the relevant Senior Non 
Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, as applicable, were listed or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant 
to Condition 13 or (B) the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, 
as applicable, were listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange other 
than a regulated market immediately prior to the relevant substitution or variation pursuant 
to Condition 13; 
"Rating Methodology" means, at any time, any relevant methodology of S&P (or the 
interpretation of such methodology) to determine if the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes are 
eligible for the purposes of the ALAC criteria assigned by S&P. 
"Rating Methodology Event" means, at any time, on or after the Issue Date, there is a change 
in, clarification to or amendment of any relevant methodology of S&P (or in the interpretation of 
such methodology) as a result of which the additional loss-absorbing capacity (or such 
nomenclature used by S&P from time to time) assigned to the relevant Senior Non Preferred 
Notes by S&P is, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, reduced in full. 
"S&P" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, French Branch 
A "Tax Event" is deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a Tax Law Change:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
(i) 
in making any payments on the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD 
Notes, the Issuer has paid or will or would on the next payment date be required to pay 
Additional Amounts; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer is no longer entitled to claim a deduction in respect of any payments in respect 
of the relevant Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes in computing its 
taxation liabilities or the amount of such deduction is materially reduced. 
14. 
Waiver of Rights – Senior Non Preferred Notes and Restricted EOD Notes only 
This Condition applies in the case of Notes specified as being Senior Non Preferred Notes or 
Restricted EOD Notes in the applicable Final Terms. 
a) 
Waiver of Rights 
Each Noteholder expressly accepts that it will be deemed to have waived in insolvency and 
resolution scenarios applicable to the Issuer, by virtue of its subscription and/or purchase and/or holding 
of any Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, any and all claims, compensation and 
rights that it may otherwise have and whether arising under statute or as a matter of contract or 
otherwise if and to the extent that the amounts and/or other assets receivable by such Noteholder as a 
result of claims, compensation and rights attributable to such Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted 
EOD Notes would otherwise exceed the amounts and/or other assets which a holder of a Notional 
Security would be entitled to in such insolvency or, as applicable, resolution scenario (the “Relevant 
Compensation Rights”). 
If and to the extent that its waiver of Relevant Compensation Rights is not otherwise effective, 
by virtue of its subscription and/or purchase and/or holding of any Senior Non Preferred Note or 
Restricted EOD Notes, each Noteholder shall, without the need for any further step or action on the part 
of any person, assign (and be treated as having assigned) irrevocably such Relevant Compensation 
Rights and any amounts and/or any certificates of entitlement or other assets attributable to such 
Relevant Compensation Rights (including any claim for damages) received or receivable by it to the 
relevant insolvency administrator or resolution authority or, if necessary, the Fiscal Agent (or such other 
person as is nominated by them for such purposes) as nominee for creditors in respect of Statutory 
Ordinary Senior Liabilities.  
In addition, if and to the extent that such waiver and assignment are not otherwise effective and 
a Noteholder receives any amounts in respect of such Relevant Compensation Rights from any person, 
such Noteholder shall immediately (in the case of compensation received in cash) pay an amount in 
cash equal to such amount or (in the case of compensation received in the form of securities or other 
non-cash assets) deliver such assets (and, in either case, any certificate of entitlement relating thereto) 
so received to the relevant insolvency administrator or resolution authority or the Fiscal Agent (or their 
nominee, as the case may be) to be applied as they (or their nominee) sees fit and, until such time as 
such payment or delivery is made, shall (in the case of cash compensation) hold an amount equal to 
such amount in cash or (in the case of compensation in the form of securities or other non-cash assets) 
hold such a fiduciary capacity for the relevant insolvency administrator or resolution authority or, if 
necessary, the Fiscal Agent (or their nominee, as the case may be). 
b) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Notional Security" means, in respect of a Senior Non Preferred Note or Restricted EOD Note, 
a notional security with the same principal amount as such Senior Non Preferred Note and with 
the same rate of interest and accrued rights as such Senior Non Preferred Note or Restricted 
EOD Note, being one of a notional class of securities in the Issuer, which class is in the 
Corresponding Amount and ranks as set out in Condition 3.b), i.e. junior to the claims of Statutory 
Ordinary Senior Liabilities but senior to the claims of holders of all subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer in issue. 
"Corresponding Amount" means an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate 
principal amount of the Senior Non Preferred Notes or Restricted EOD Notes, as applicable, plus 
the aggregate principal amount of all other Senior Parity Liabilities. 
15. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications and Substitution 
a) 
Meetings of Noteholders:

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
Noteholders will belong to a masse (the "Masse") created, among other things, for the 
representation of their common interests pursuant to the provisions of the law of 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended (loi du 10 août 1915 concernant les sociétés commerciales, telle 
qu'elle a été modifiée) (the "Luxembourg Company Law"). The discussion below is based on the 
Luxembourg Company Law in effect on the Issue Date. Any subsequent amendments to the relevant 
provisions of the Luxembourg Company Law may amend or modify the discussion below. A general 
meeting of the Noteholders (the "Masse Meeting") may appoint and determine the powers of one or 
more representatives (the "Representatives"). Where Representatives have been appointed, 
Noteholders may no longer individually exercise their rights against the Issuer. A Masse Meeting may 
be called at any time by the Representatives (if any) or the Board of Directors of the Issuer. The 
Representatives, provided an advance on expenses has been paid to them, or the Board of Directors 
must convene the Masse Meeting if called upon to do so by holders of Notes representing 5 per cent. 
or more of the Notes outstanding. All Masse Meetings shall be held at the place specified in the notice 
calling the meeting and such notice shall contain the agenda. The convening notices for Masse 
Meetings shall take the form of announcements filed with the register of commerce and companies and 
published in the central electronic platform of official publication for companies and associations 
(Recueil électronique des sociétés et associations) and in a Luxembourg newspaper at least fifteen 
days before the Masse Meeting. The convening notices shall be also communicated to the Noteholders 
holding their Notes under registered form at least eight days before the Masse Meeting,  by post unless 
the addressees have individually agreed to receive the convening notices by way of another means of 
communication, and no evidence of compliance with such formality needs to be given. In case all the 
Notes have been issued under registered form, convening notices for Masse Meetings may be made 
by registered letters only (or any other mean of communication individually accepted by a Noteholder) 
that need to be received at least eight days prior to the Masse Meeting by the Noteholders. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have gained knowledge of the contents of any 
notice given to the Noteholders. All Noteholders have the right to attend and vote at the Masse Meeting 
either personally or by proxy. The voting rights attached to the Notes are equal to the proportion of the 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes represented by the principal amount of the Note or Notes 
held by the relevant holder. A Masse Meeting may be called in the event of a merger involving the 
Issuer, may approve certain changes in the rights of the Noteholders and may, generally, determine 
any measures designed to ensure the defence of interests or the exercise of the rights of the 
Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of the Luxembourg Company Law. A Masse Meeting 
may deliberate validly without a quorum and by vote of a simple majority of Noteholders attending or 
represented at such Masse Meeting on the appointment and revocation of the Representatives, the 
revocation of special representatives appointed by the Issuer and the approval of any measures of a 
conservatory nature in the general interests of the Noteholders. On all other matters the Masse Meeting 
may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Noteholders present or represented hold at least 50 
per cent. of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation no quorum is required. Decisions at 
such meetings shall be taken by a majority of 66⅔ per cent. of the votes cast by Noteholders attending 
such meetings or represented thereat. Votes cast shall not include votes attaching to Notes in respect 
of which the Noteholder has not taken part in the vote or has abstained or has returned a blank or invalid 
vote. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified or varied in relation to any Series of Exempt Notes by the 
terms of applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to such Series. 
b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement: 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach 
or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could not 
reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or any modification which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error. 
c) 
Substitution: 
Subject to the provisions of this Condition, the Noteholders and the Couponholders by 
subscribing to or purchasing any Notes or Coupons, expressly consent to the Issuer, or any previously 
substituted company, at any time, substituting for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the 
Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the successor company of the 
Issuer or jointly and severally one or more companies to whom the Issuer has transferred all of its 
assets and business undertakings (in each case the "Substitute") provided that no payment in respect 
of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons is at the relevant time overdue, no steps have been taken to 
admit the Issuer to a regime of suspension of payments (sursis de paiement) and (except in the case 
of a solvent reorganisation or amalgamation) no order has been made or resolution passed for the

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
Liquidation of the Issuer. "Liquidation" means if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed 
for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer in accordance with Articles 129ff. of the 
law of 18 December 2015 on the default of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended 
(loi du 18 décembre 2015 relative à la défaillance des etablissements de credit et de certaines 
enterprises d'investissement telle qu'elle a été modifiée) (the "Resolution Law") or the voluntary 
liquidation (liquidation volontaire) of the Issuer in accordance with Article 128 of the Resolution Law. 
Such substitution effected in accordance with this Condition will release the Issuer or any previous 
substituted company and the Noteholders and Couponholders expressly consent hereto. The 
substitution shall be made by written undertaking (the "Undertaking"), to be substantially in the form 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement as Schedule 9B and may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, 
by means of the Undertaking, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against any tax, 
duty, assessment, withholding, deduction or governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by any 
taxing authority in or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes 
and, if different, of its incorporation with respect to any Note, Receipt, Coupon, Talon or the Undertaking 
and which would not have been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any 
tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution; (ii) 
if the Substitute is a Subsidiary of the Issuer, the obligations of the Substitute under the Undertaking, 
the Notes and the Coupons shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer or its 
successor or each of the companies to whom together the Issuer has transferred all of its assets and 
business undertakings (each a "Guarantor") by means of a guarantee substantially in the form 
contained in the Undertaking (the "Guarantee"); (iii) all action, conditions and things required to be 
taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any necessary consents) to ensure that the 
Undertaking, the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons represent valid, legally binding and enforceable 
obligations of the Substitute and in the case of the Undertaking of the Guarantor have been taken, 
fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; (iv) the Substitute shall have become party to the 
Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party 
to it; (v) the Issuer shall have made available at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent and the Paying 
Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the preceding conditions of this 
Condition 15c) and the other matters specified in the Undertaking have been fulfilled; (vi) if at the time 
the Notes are rated by a rating agency, the substitution does not affect adversely any such rating by 
such rating agency; and (vii) the Issuer shall have given at least 30 days' prior notice of such substitution 
to the Noteholders, to be published in accordance with Condition 18, stating that copies, or pending 
execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution which are referred to above, 
or which might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, will be available for 
inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. References in Condition 11 to obligations 
under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under the Undertaking and, where the 
Undertaking contains a Guarantee, the events listed in Condition 11 shall be deemed to include such 
Guarantee not being (or being claimed by the Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect and the 
Guarantee shall contain (a) events of default in respect of the Notes in the same terms as Condition 11 
of the Notes relating to the Guarantor (except that references in Condition 11.a)(i) and Condition 11.b)(ii) 
to failure to pay principal and interest on the Notes shall be a reference to failure to pay under the 
Guarantee), (b) clauses relating to the Guarantor in the form of Conditions 7.f) and 10 and (c) and (in 
the case of Senior Notes (other than Restricted EOD Notes) only) a negative pledge in relation to the 
Guarantee in the form of Condition 4. 
16. 
Replacement of Notes, Registered Note Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Registered Note Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, 
defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange 
regulations, at the specified office of a Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons) and of the Registrar (in the case of Registered Note Certificates) or such other Paying Agent 
or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, 
Registered Note Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as 
the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Registered Note Certificates, Receipts, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Registered Note Certificates, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
17. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the 
avoidance of doubt, references in these Conditions to "Issue Date" shall be to the first issue date of the 
Notes) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and 
references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
18. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses 
in the Register and shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing and, for so long as the Registered Notes are listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, such 
notices shall in addition be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) or as otherwise required by the rules of that exchange. Notices to the holders of Bearer 
Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) except that for so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, such notices shall be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or as otherwise required 
by the rules of that exchange. If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if 
published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders 
shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of 
Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
19. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment 
under the relevant Note, Coupon or Receipt is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a 
judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or 
otherwise) by any Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the 
Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of 
payment under the relevant Note, Coupon or Receipt that the recipient is able to purchase with the 
amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it 
is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do 
so). If the amount received or recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient 
under any Note, Coupon or Receipt, the Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a 
result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such 
purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, 
as the case may be, to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been 
made. These indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's other 
obligations, shall give rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of 
any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect 
despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due 
under any Note, Coupon or Receipt or any other judgment or order. 
20. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
a) 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons, and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Luxembourg law. 
b) 
Jurisdiction: 
The courts of Luxembourg are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
("Proceedings") may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of 
the courts of Luxembourg and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of 
venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This 
submission is made for the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
and shall not affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of 
Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) to the extent permitted by applicable 
law. 
21. 
Additional Provisions Applicable to Index Linked Notes  
The additional provisions in this Condition apply to each Note that is designated in the 
applicable Final Terms as relating to an Index (an "Index Linked Note"),  
a) 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Index other than a Multi-Exchange Index, the occurrence or 
existence of (1) at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time (i) a Trading Disruption or (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which 
in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material at any time during 
the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (2) an Early 
Closure; or 
(ii) 
in respect of an Index which is a Multi-Exchange Index either: 
(A) 
(x) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component 
Security, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in 
respect of the Exchange on which such Component 
Security is principally traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption, which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in 
respect of the Exchange on which such Component 
Security is principally traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure; and 
(y) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which 
a Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early 
Closure occurs or exists, comprises 20 per cent. or more of 
the level of the Index; or 
(B) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts 
relating to the Index, of (x) a Trading Disruption, (y) an Exchange 
Disruption which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the 
Valuation Time in respect of any Related Exchange or (z) an Early 
Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect 
of the Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect 
of a Component Security included in such Index at any time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of such Index 
shall be based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of such Index 
attributable to that Component Security and (ii) the overall level of the Index, 
in each case (A) where the Index is not a Multi-Exchange Index, immediately 
before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event or (B) where that Index 
is a Multi-Exchange Index, using the official opening weightings as published 
by the Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". The Calculation 
Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders of the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day would have been a Valuation Date. 
b) 
Adjustments to an Index 
(i) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports the Index

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
If the Index is: 
(A) 
not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent; or 
(B) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the Index, 
then in each case that Index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the 
Index. 
(ii) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of the Index 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
(A) 
on or prior to the last Valuation Date, the Index Sponsor makes or 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the 
method of calculating the Index or in any other way materially modifies 
the Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or 
method to maintain the Index in the event of changes in constituent 
stock and capitalisation, contracts or commodities and other routine 
events) (an "Index Modification"); or 
(B) 
the Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index and no Successor 
Index exists (an "Index Cancellation"); or 
(C) 
on any Valuation Date, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the 
successor to the Index Sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") 
fails to calculate and announce the Index (an "Index Disruption" and, 
together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each 
an "Index Adjustment Event"), 
then the Issuer may take the action in (x) or (y) below: 
(x) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine if such Index Adjustment 
Event has a material effect on the Notes and, if so, to calculate the 
relevant Index Level using, in lieu of a published level for the Index, 
the level for the Index as at the Valuation Time on that Valuation Date 
as determined by the Calculation Agent which will be determined in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index 
last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only 
those Component Securities that comprised the Index immediately 
prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
(y) 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18, 
cancel all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being cancelled 
by payment of the Early Redemption Amount. 
(iii) 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Issuer of any 
determination made by it and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
c) 
Correction to an Index 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business 
Days prior to the due date for any payment, if the level of the Index published on a given day and used 
or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Notes, is subsequently 
corrected and the correction published by the Index Sponsor, Exchange or Related Exchange within 
one Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the level to be used for calculation of any relevant 
value in relation to the Notes shall be the level of the Index as so corrected and the Calculation Agent 
may make any relevant adjustment to the Conditions or any subsequent amount payable under the 
Notes to account therefor, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate .

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
d) 
Additional Disruption Events 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, 
Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock 
Borrow, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event: 
(i) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner may either: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment, 
if any, to be made to any of the terms of the Notes to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(B) 
cancel the Notes by giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18. If the Notes are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay 
each Noteholder the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Note held determined taking into account the Additional Disruption 
Event. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18. 
(ii) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
18 stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto provided that 
any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of 
the Additional Disruption Event or the proposed action. 
e) 
The Interest Amount and Final Redemption Amount 
If Barrier Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying: 
(i) 
"Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Period, an amount (which 
may never be less than zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(A) 
if an Interest Barrier Event occurs in respect of such Interest Period: 
(Calculation Amount x Coupon Rate x Day Count Fraction)+ Unpaid 
Interest; or 
(B) 
otherwise, zero. 
(ii) 
"Final Redemption Amount" means an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to: 
(x) 
If Leveraged Floored Index Linked Redemption is not specified as 
applicable: 
(1) 
if the Index Final is greater than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Calculation Amount x 100%; or 
(2) 
if the Index Final is below the Barrier Level: 
Calculation Amount x (Index Final / Index Initial) 
(y) 
If Leveraged Floored Index Linked Redemption is specified as 
applicable: 
(1) 
if the Index Final is greater than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Min [Calculation Amount * Capped Redemption Amount; 
Calculation Amount x 100% + Calculation Amount * Leverage 
* (Index Final – Index Initial) / Index Initial]; or 
(2) 
if the Index Final is below the Barrier Level: 
Calculation Amount x Max[Floored Redemption Amount; 
(Index Final / Index Initial)]

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
If Barrier Provisions are not specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying the 
provisions of Condition 21.e) will not apply to the Notes. 
f) 
Redemption for an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in 
whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date and each Note shall be redeemed by the Issuer at the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount , together with any interest due on such date. Following payment 
of such amounts, no interest or any further amount will be payable in respect of the Notes. 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying 
the provisions of Condition 21.f) will not apply to the Notes. 
g) 
The Final Redemption Amount where Bull on Index is applicable 
If Bull on Index is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, unless the Notes are 
otherwise redeemed or purchased and cancelled, "Final Redemption Amount" means an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(i) 
if the Index Final is greater than or equal to the Strike Level: 
Calculation Amount * (K1 + K2 * ((Index Final/ Index Initial)-100%)); or 
(ii) 
if the Index Final is less than the Strike Level:  
Calculation Amount * K1  
where: 
"K1" and "K2" are coefficients specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
"Strike Level" means the percentage of the Index Initial specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.. 
h) 
The Final Redemption Amount where Bull and Bear on Index is applicable 
If Bull and Bear on Index is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, unless the 
Notes are otherwise redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the "Final Redemption Amount" means 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(i) 
if the Index Final is greater than or equal to the Strike Level: 
Calculation Amount * (K1 + K2 * ((Index Final/ Index Initial)-100%)); or 
(ii) 
if the Index Final is less than the Strike Level and: 
(A) 
the Index Final is greater than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Calculation Amount * (K1 + K3 * [100% - (Index Final/ Index 
Initial)]); or 
(B) 
the Index Final is less than the Barrier Level: 
Calculation Amount * (K1 + K4 * ((Index Final/ Index Initial)-100%)) 
where: 
"K1", "K2", "K3" and "K4" are coefficients specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Barrier Level" means the percentage of the Index Initial specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; and  
"Strike Level" means the percentage of the Index Initial specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
i) 
Redemption for Illegality 
The Issuer shall have the right to redeem the Notes by giving notice to the Noteholders if it 
determines in good faith that its performance thereunder has become unlawful in whole or in part as a

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
result of compliance in good faith by the Issuer with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, 
judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative or judicial authority or power 
("Applicable Law"). In such circumstances, the Issuer will, however, if and to the extent permitted by 
Applicable Law, cause to be paid to each Noteholder in respect of each such Note held by it the Early 
Redemption Amount. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders of the redemption in accordance with 
Condition 18. 
j) 
Calculation Agent Provisions 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act or exercise judgement, it will use its sole and 
absolute discretion. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after making any determination 
pursuant to these Conditions, notify the Issuer and the Noteholders of such determination. The 
Calculation Agent is not acting as a fiduciary for or as an advisor to the Noteholders in respect of its 
duties as Calculation Agent in connection with any Notes. 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, 
circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion 
required or permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent pursuant to these 
Conditions shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the 
Noteholders. In performing its duties pursuant to the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall use its sole and 
absolute discretion. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or 
exercise of any of its obligations or its discretion under the Notes including, without limitation, the giving 
of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance 
or exercise of such obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent or the Issuer shall, in the 
absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or consequent upon, 
any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
k) 
Index Disclaimer 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index or the Index Sponsor 
and no Index Sponsor makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to 
the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index stands at any 
particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No Index or Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether 
in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index and the Index Sponsor is under no 
obligation to advise any person of any error therein. No Index Sponsor is making any representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in 
connection with the Notes. The Issuer shall have no liability to the Noteholders for any act or failure to 
act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the Index. 
Neither the Issuer nor its Affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index Sponsor or 
any control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the Calculation 
Agent will obtain information concerning the Index from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it 
will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking 
(express or implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates or the 
Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning the Index. 
l) 
Definitions for Index Linked Notes 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the 
First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. 
For these purposes "control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an 
entity or person or, if the Calculation Agent determines appropriate, the power to direct 
or cause the direction of the management and policies of the First Entity, whether by 
contract, or otherwise. 
"Associated Costs" means, in respect of a Note, an amount equal to such Note's pro 
rata share of the total amount of any and all Costs associated or incurred by the Issuer, 
any Affiliate and/or Hedging Party (as applicable) in connection with the relevant early 
cancellation, including, without limitation, any Costs associated with unwinding, 
substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any funding relating to the Notes and any 
Costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any 
hedge positions relating to the Note, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means (a) an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms or if such amount is not specified, (b)

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" will be deemed to occur (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) where the Index Level determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date is, as specified in the Final Terms (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or 
equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption 
Level. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the Index Level specified as such or 
otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the 
purposes of determining the consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled 
Trading Day or a Disrupted Day occurring on any such day in accordance with these 
Conditions. 
"Barrier Level" means the level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, if 
applicable. 
"Bloomberg Screen" shall mean, when used in connection with any designated page 
specified in the Final Terms, the display page so designated on the Bloomberg service 
(or such other page as may replace that page on that service, or such other service as 
may be nominated as the information vendor, in all cases for the purpose of displaying 
comparable rates in succession thereto). 
"Calculation Agent" means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or any successor in such capacity. 
"Capped Redemption Amount" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date: 
(i) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or 
(ii) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines  that (i) it has become illegal for any Hedging Party 
to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements relating to a 
Component Security or the relevant hedge position(s) relating to the Index and/or (ii) 
any Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in 
relation to the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, 
decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, any of 
its Affiliates or any Hedging Party). 
"Clearance System" means in respect of any security or asset comprised in the Index 
the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for setting trades in that 
security or asset. 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any 
day on which such Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a settlement 
disruption event, would have been) open for acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
"Closing Level" means an amount equal to the official closing level of the Index as 
published by the Index Sponsor as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
"Component Security" means each and any component security or asset of the Index. 
"Costs" means costs, losses, expenses, taxes and/or duties including any applicable 
depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve 
tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties (together with 
any interest additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto and any interest in respect 
of such additions or penalties). 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Disrupted Day" means (a) where the relevant Index is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi-Exchange Index, any day which is any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which: (i) the Exchange or the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
their regular trading session or (ii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred or (b) where 
the Index is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Multi-Exchange Index, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of the 
Index, (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading 
session or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means: 
(i) 
in relation to an Index which is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being a Multi-Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of 
the relevant Exchange(s) relating to Component Securities that comprise 20 per 
cent. or more of the level of the Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or 
Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system 
for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; or 
(ii) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
a Multi-Exchange Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the 
Exchange in respect of any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to 
the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, as the case may be, on such Exchange 
Business Day, or (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into on the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means (a) if Fair Market Value is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Early Redemption Amount, the fair market value of such 
Note, less any Associated Costs, as determined by the Calculation Agent immediately 
prior to the date of redemption (ignoring the relevant illegality, in the event of early 
redemption due to illegality) or otherwise (b) the relevant amount specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. For the purpose of determining the Early Redemption 
Amount for the purpose of Condition 11, no account shall be taken of the financial 
condition of the Issuer which shall be presumed to be able to perform fully its obligations 
in respect of the Notes. 
"Exchange" means: 
(i) 
in relation to an Index which is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being a Multi-Exchange Index, each exchange or quotation system specified for 
the Index in the Final Terms or if no such exchange or quotation system is 
specified for the Index in the Final Terms, the exchange or quotation system on 
which all or substantially all relevant Component Securities are listed (being for 
the avoidance of doubt, where any Component Security has more than one 
listing, the exchange or quotation system used by the relevant Index Sponsor 
for the purposes of valuing the relevant price of such Component Security) or, in 
each case, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Component

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
Securities comprising the Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity in relation to 
the Component Securities comprising the Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); and 
(ii) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
a Multi-Exchange Index, in respect of each Component Security, the principal 
stock exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Exchange Business Day" means (a) where the Index is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be a Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which (i) the Exchange and each relevant Related Exchange (if any) in respect of the 
Index is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding the 
Exchange or any relevant Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time or (b) where the relevant Index is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a 
Multi-Exchange Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor 
publishes the level of the Index; and (ii) the Related Exchange is open for trading during 
its regular trading session, notwithstanding the Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means: 
(i) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Multi-
Exchange Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values on any relevant 
Exchange(s) relating to Component Securities that comprise 20 per cent. or 
more of the level of the Index or, (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market 
values for, futures or options contracts relating to the Index on any relevant 
Related Exchange; or 
(ii) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
a Multi-Exchange Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for: (i) 
any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component 
Security; or (ii) futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the relevant 
Related Exchange. 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Final Valuation Date in the 
Final Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining the consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or 
a Disrupted Day occurring on any such day in accordance with these Conditions. 
"Floored Redemption Amount" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge any relevant price risk, including but not limited to the currency risk, of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, 
recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) 
or asset(s), as determined by Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means, at any relevant time, the Issuer or any Affiliate(s) or any entity 
(or entities) providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in 
relation to the Notes as the Issuer may select at such time. 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of Component Securities comprised in an Index 
that the Issuer deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into 
and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, 
duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it 
deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price 
risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Hedging Party would incur a rate 
to borrow any Component Security comprised in the Index that is greater than the Initial 
Stock Loan Rate. 
"Index" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 21.b), the index 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Index Final" means the Index Level as of the Final Valuation Date. 
"Index Initial" means the Index Level as of the Initial Valuation Date as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Index Level" means the Closing Level of the Index. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to the Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) 
is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the Index and (b) announces (directly or 
through an agent) the level of the Index on a regular basis, which as of the Issue Date 
of the Notes is the index sponsor specified for such Index in the Final Terms. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of the relevant Component Security, the 
rate which the Hedging Party would have incurred to borrow such Component Security 
on any Relevant Market as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Initial Valuation Date in the 
Final Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining the consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or 
a Disrupted Day occurring on any such day in accordance with these Conditions. 
"Interest Barrier Event" means the Index Level in respect of the Valuation Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Period is greater than or equal to the Interest Barrier 
Level. 
"Interest Barrier Level" means the level specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Leverage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Hedging Party is unable, after using 
commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Component 
Securities comprised in the Index in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate 
equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Max" means the greater of the two terms separated by a semi-colon or, where such 
terms are the same amount, that amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means in respect of the relevant Component Security, 
the lowest rate which the Hedging Party, after using commercially reasonable efforts, 
would have incurred to borrow such Component Security in the Relevant Market, in an 
amount equal to the Hedging Shares, as of the Trade Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Min" means the smaller of the two terms separated by a semi-colon or, where such 
terms are the same amount, that amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Related Exchange" means the exchange specified as such in the Final Terms or if 
no such exchange is specified in the Final Terms, each exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the 
overall market for futures or options contracts relating to the Index, any successor to 
any such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such Index has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index, 
on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange). 
"Relevant Market" means, for the purpose of determining any value or other amount 
pursuant to these Conditions, any relevant quotation system, exchange, dealing 
system, screen page, over the counter derivatives or other market which the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate for such purpose and which it may select 
taking into account hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or its Affiliates for the 
Notes. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of the Exchange or an Related 
Exchange and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to 
after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means (a) where the Index is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms to be a Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which the Exchange and each 
Related Exchange (if any) is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading 
session or (b) where the relevant Index is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be 
a Multi-Exchange Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish 
the level of that Index, and (ii) the Related Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading 
for its regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Cycle" means the longest period of Clearance System Business Days 
following a trade in each of the securities underlying the Index on the Exchange in 
which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms or if no such Trade 
Date is specified in the Final Terms, the Issue Date. 
"Trading Disruption" means: 
(i) 
where the Index is not specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Multi-
Exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
Exchange or relevant Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or relevant 
Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to Component Securities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index on the Exchange or (b) 
in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on any relevant Related 
Exchange; or 
(ii) 
in relation to an Index which is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
a Multi-Exchange Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by 
the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise: (a) relating to any Component Security on the 
Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (b) in futures or options 
contracts relating to the Index on the Related Exchange. 
"Unpaid Interest" means, in respect of an Interest Period: (a) if Memory Effect is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of, in respect of each 
prior Interest Period for which an Interest Barrier Event did not occur, subject as 
provided below (a "Relevant Period") Interest Amounts that would have been payable 
in respect of each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and each 
such Relevant Period if an Interest Barrier Event had occurred in respect of each such 
Relevant Period provided that there shall be excluded from the definition of Relevant 
Period any Interest Period already accounted for in relation to any previous Interest 
Period under this definition of Unpaid Interest; or (b) if Memory Effect is not specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, zero.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
"Valuation Date" means the Initial Valuation Date, any Valuation Date, any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, or the Final Valuation Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the relevant 
day will be the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the relevant Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of eight consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case, (a) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (b) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level in respect of the relevant Valuation 
Date by determining the level or price of the Index as of the Valuation Time on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted 
Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security or asset comprised in the 
Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the 
relevant security or asset on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant security or asset as of the Valuation Time on 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day). 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(i) 
where the relevant Index is not specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a 
Multi-Exchange Index, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange 
on the relevant Valuation Date.  If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing 
time; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Index is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Multi-
Exchange Index, (a) for the purposes of determining whether a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred: (x) in respect of any Component Security, for the 
purposes of determining the Index Level, the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
relevant Exchange and (y) in respect of any options contracts or futures 
contracts on the Index, the close of trading on the relevant Related Exchange, 
and (b) in all other circumstances, the time at which the relevant Index Level is 
calculated and published by the Index Sponsor. 
22. 
Additional Provisions Applicable to Equity Linked Notes  
The additional provisions in this Condition apply to each Note that is designated in the 
applicable Final Terms as relating to a Share (an "Equity Linked Note").  
a) 
Market Disruption Event 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence 
of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders of 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
b) 
Potential Adjustment Events, Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation 
and Insolvency 
(i) 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(A) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares 
(unless resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend 
of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation 
or similar issue; 
(B) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant 
Shares of (a) such Shares or (b) other share capital or securities 
granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
liquidation of the Share Company equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Shares or (c) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) 
by the Share Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction or (d) any other type of securities, rights or certificates or 
other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other 
consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
a call by a Share Company in respect of relevant Shares that are not 
fully paid; 
(E) 
a repurchase by the its subsidiaries or Share Company or its 
subsidiaries, of relevant Shares whether out of profits or capital and 
whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; 
(F) 
in respect of a Share Company an event that results in any 
shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from 
shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such 
Share Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement 
directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence 
of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, certificates, debt 
instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment 
effected as a result of such an event shall be readjusted upon any 
redemption of such rights; or 
(G) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant 
Shares. 
(ii) 
Following the declaration by the Share Company of the terms of any Potential 
Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will  determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value 
of the Shares and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, as the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for that diluting or 
concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account 
solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relative to the relevant Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such 
Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the 
Shares traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 stating the adjustment and giving brief details 
of the Potential Adjustment Event. 
(iii) 
"De-Listing" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, the Exchange 
announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease 
(or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any 
reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately 
re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located 
in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, 
bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous 
proceeding affecting the Share Company (i) all the Shares of that Share 
Company are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar 
official or (ii) Noteholders of the Shares of that Share Company become legally 
prohibited from transferring them.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing 
date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger 
Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) 
reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another 
entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange of a Share Company with or into another entity or person (other than 
a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which 
such Share Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, 
tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Shares of the Share Company that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of the Share Company or its subsidiaries 
with or into another entity in which the Share Company is the continuing entity 
and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately 
following such event, in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (a) in the 
case of cash settled Notes, the last occurring Valuation Date or (b) in the case 
of Physical Delivery Notes, the relevant Maturity Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets 
of the Share Company are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required 
to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
"Share Substitution" means, in relation to a Merger Event and Tender Offer, 
the replacement of a Share the subject of such Merger Event or Tender Offer 
(as case may be) with a new share selected by the Calculation Agent (which 
shall be a share contained in the Reference Index or selected by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the 
applicable Final Terms).  Such new share shall be deemed to be a Share in 
place of the Share the subject of the Merger Event or Tender Offer (as case 
may be). 
"Reference Index" means, in respect of a Share which is the subject of a 
Share Substitution, an index selected by the Calculation Agent (a) in respect 
of which such Share is, or has been at some time during the immediately 
preceding six months, a component; and (b) in respect of which (in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent) futures contracts are actively traded.  If more than 
one index satisfies the criteria specified in (a) and (b) above, then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine which of such indices shall be the Reference 
Index.  If no index satisfies the criteria specified in (a) and (b) above, then the 
Calculation Agent shall select the Reference Index by reference to such criteria 
it deems appropriate. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such 
entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, 
by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per 
cent. (the "Percentage Range") of the outstanding voting shares of the Share 
Company as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of 
filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information 
as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Tender Offer Date" means, in respect of a Tender Offer, the date on which 
the voting shares in the amount of the Percentage Range are actually 
purchased or otherwise obtained, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
If a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency 
(each, an "Extraordinary Event") occurs in relation to a Share, the Issuer in 
its sole and absolute discretion may take the action described in (A), (B), (C) 
or (D) below: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the appropriate adjustment 
(which may include Share Substitution in respect of Merger Event and 
Tender Offer), if any, to be made to account for the Merger Event, 
Tender Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case 
may be, and determine the effective date of that adjustment. The 
relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to 
account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate 
or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Notes. The Calculation 
Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by 
reference to the adjustment in respect of the Merger Event, Tender 
Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency made by any options 
exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options exchange; 
or 
(B) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Extraordinary Events is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on giving 
notice to Noteholders, redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each 
Note being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount determined taking into account the Merger Event, 
Tender Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case 
may be, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments will be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders; or 
(C) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Extraordinary Events is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note 
taking into account the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, less the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the "Calculated Amount") as soon as practicable, 
following the occurrence of the Extraordinary Event (the "Calculated 
Amount Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem 
each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the Calculated Amount plus interest accrued from and including the 
Calculated Amount Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity 
Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at or about the Calculated 
Amount Determination Date taking into account the tenor of the period 
remaining until the Maturity Date. No further amounts of interest or 
coupon amounts will be payable in respect of the Note on or after the 
Calculated Amount Determination Date; or 
(D) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the 
Shares traded on such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the 
Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the "Options Exchange"), 
require the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment, 
which adjustment will be effective as of the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the corresponding 
adjustment made by the Options Exchange. If options on the Shares 
are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will 
make such adjustment as the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by 
the Options Exchange to account for the Merger Event, Tender Offer, 
Delisting, Nationalisation or Insolvency, as the case may be, that in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an 
adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded. 
(iv) 
Upon the occurrence of a Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the holders in accordance with Condition 18 stating the

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
occurrence of the Merger Event, Tender Offer, De-Listing, Nationalisation or 
Insolvency, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed 
to be taken in relation thereto. 
c) 
Correction of Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange 
Business Days prior to the due date for any payment of any amount determined by 
reference to the Shares, if the price of the relevant Share published on a given day and 
used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine any such amount is 
subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange, as the case may be, within 30 days of the original publication, the 
price to be used shall be the price of the relevant Share as so corrected. Corrections 
published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to the relevant 
redemption or payment date will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purposes of determining any amount. 
d) 
Additional Disruption Events 
(i) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion may take the action described in (A), (B) or (C) below: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine  the appropriate 
adjustment, to account for the Additional Disruption Event and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(B) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Additional Disruption 
Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
redeem the Notes by giving notice to the Noteholders. If the Notes are 
so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder in 
respect of each Note held by him which amount shall be the Early 
Redemption Amount determined taking into account the Additional 
Disruption Event all as determined by the Calculation Agent. Payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders. 
(C) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the fair market value of each Note 
taking into account the Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements (the "Calculated Additional Disruption Amount") as 
soon as practicable, following the occurrence of the Extraordinary 
Event 
(the 
"Calculated 
Additional 
Disruption 
Amount 
Determination Date") and on the Maturity Date shall redeem each 
Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
Calculated Additional Disruption Amount plus interest accrued from 
and 
including 
the 
Calculated 
Additional 
Disruption 
Amount 
Determination Date to but excluding the Maturity Date at a rate equal 
to Issuer's funding cost at or about the Calculated Additional Disruption 
Amount Determination Date taking into account the tenor of the period 
remaining until the Maturity Date. No further amounts of interest or 
coupon amounts will be payable in respect of the Note on or after the 
Additional Disruption Amount Determination Date. 
(ii) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the holders in accordance with Condition 18 
stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, 
giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto 
provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect 
the validity of the Additional Disruption Event or the proposed action.  
e) 
The Interest Amount and Final Redemption Amount where Barrier Provisions are 
applicable 
If Barrier Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying:

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
(i) 
"Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Period, an amount (which 
may never be less than zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(A) 
if an Interest Barrier Event occurs in respect of such Interest Period: 
(
)
Interest
 
Unpaid
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
Rate
 
Coupon
 Amount
n
Calculatio
+
×
×
; or 
(B) 
otherwise, zero. 
(ii) 
"Final Redemption Amount" means an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to: 
(x) 
If Leveraged Floored Equity Linked Redemption is not specified as 
applicable: 
(A) 
if Share Final is greater than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
100%
 Amount
n
Calculatio
×
; or 
(B) 
if Share Final is below the Barrier Level: 
(
)
Initial
 
e
Final/Shar
 
Share
 Amount
n
Calculatio
×
 
(y) 
If Leveraged Floored Equity Linked Redemption is specified as 
applicable: 
(A) 
if the Share Final is greater than or equal to the Barrier Level: 
Min[Capped Redemption Amount; Calculation Amount x 
100% + Calculation Amount * Leverage * (Share Final – Share 
Initial) / Share Initial]; or 
(B) 
if the Share Final is below the Barrier Level: 
Calculation Amount x Max[Floored Redemption Amount; 
(Share Final / Share Initial)] 
If Barrier Provisions are not specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying the 
provisions of Condition 22.e) will not apply to the Notes. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
"Barrier Level" means the level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, if 
applicable. 
"Calculation Agent" means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or any successor in such capacity. 
"Capped Redemption Amount" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Final Valuation Date in the 
Final Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining the consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or 
a Disrupted Day occurring on such day in accordance with these Conditions. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Initial Valuation Date in the 
Final Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining the consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or 
a Disrupted Day occurring on any such day in accordance with these Conditions. 
"Interest Barrier Event" means the Settlement Price in respect of the Valuation Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Period is greater than or equal to the Interest Barrier 
Level. 
"Interest Barrier Level" means the level specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
"Floored Redemption Amount" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Leverage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Max" means the greater of the two terms separated by a semi-colon or, where such 
terms are the same amount, that amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Min" means the smaller of the two terms separated by a semi-colon or, where such 
terms are the same amount, that amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Share Final" means the Settlement Price on the Final Valuation Date. 
"Share Initial" means the Settlement Price of the Share on the Initial Valuation Date.  
"Unpaid Interest" means, in respect of an Interest Period: (a) if Memory Effect is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of, in respect of each 
prior Interest Period for which an Interest Barrier Event did not occur, subject as 
provided below (a "Relevant Period") Interest Amounts that would have been payable 
in respect of each principal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount and each 
such Relevant Period if an Interest Barrier Event had occurred in respect of each such 
Relevant Period provided that there shall be excluded from the definition of Relevant 
Period any Interest Period already accounted for in relation to any previous Interest 
Period under this definition of Unpaid Interest; or (b) if Memory Effect is not specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, zero. 
f) 
Redemption for an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, then unless 
previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in 
whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date immediately following such Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date and each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount , together with any interest due on such date. Following payment 
of such amounts, no interest or any further amount will be payable in respect of the Notes. 
If Automatic Early Redemption Event is not specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying 
the provisions of Condition 22.f) will not apply to the Notes. 
g) 
Redemption for Illegality 
The Issuer shall have the right to redeem the Notes, by giving notice to the Noteholders if it 
determines in good faith that its performance thereunder has become unlawful in whole or in part as a 
result of compliance in good faith by the Issuer with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, 
judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative or judicial authority or power 
("Applicable Law"). In such circumstances, the Issuer will, however, if and to the extent permitted by 
Applicable Law, cause to be paid to each Noteholder in respect of each such Note held by it the Early 
Redemption Amount. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders of the redemption in accordance with 
Condition 18. 
h) 
The Final Redemption Amount where Reverse Convertible Notes and Physical Delivery 
are applicable 
If Reverse Convertible Notes and Physical Delivery is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, unless the Notes are otherwise redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the Issuer will 
cause each Note to be redeemed as follows: 
(i) 
if on the Final Valuation Date the Settlement Price of the Share is greater than 
or equal to the Strike Price Barrier, by payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount which will be calculated as follows: 
Calculation Amount x 100%; or 
(ii) 
if on the Final Valuation Date the Settlement Price of the Share is lower than 
the Strike Price Barrier, by delivery of the Integral Number of Deliverable 
Shares and payment of the Residual Cash Amount, in each case for value on 
the Delivery Date as defined in Condition 22.l) below. 
If Reverse Convertible Notes and Physical Delivery is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the provisions of Condition 22.h) will not apply to the Notes.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Final Price" means, the Settlement Price of the Share on the Final Valuation Date. 
"Final FX" means, the cross currency rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms which appears on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms on the 
Final Valuation Date at or about the Valuation Time expressed as the number of units 
of the Share currency required to purchase one unit of the Specified Currency. If such 
rate does not appear on such page or it is otherwise impracticable to determine such 
rate at or about the Valuation Time for any reason then the Calculation Agent will 
determine the relevant rate as being the cross currency rate it determines would have 
prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such source(s) as it determines 
appropriate. 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Final Valuation Date in the 
Final Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining the consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or 
a Disrupted Day occurring on such day in accordance with these Conditions. 
"Initial FX" means, the cross currency rate specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms which appears on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms on the 
Initial Valuation Date at or about the Valuation Time expressed as the number of units 
of the Share currency required to purchase one unit of the Specified Currency. If such 
rate does not appear on such page or it is otherwise impracticable to determine such 
rate at or about the Valuation Time for any reason then the Calculation Agent will 
determine the relevant rate as being the cross currency rate it determines would have 
prevailed but for such impracticability by reference to such sources(s) as it determines 
appropriate. 
"Initial Price" means, the Settlement Price of the Share on the Initial Valuation Date. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Initial Valuation Date in the 
Final Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of 
determining the consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or 
a Disrupted Day occurring on such day in accordance with these Conditions. 
"Integral Number of Deliverable Shares" means, in respect of each Note, an integral 
number of Shares equal to the Number of Deliverable Shares rounded downwards to 
the nearest integral number. 
"Number of Deliverable Shares" means, in respect of each Note, a number of Shares 
equal to (i) the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Initial FX (if any) or the Calculation 
Amount multiplied by the Final FX (if any), as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Applicable Rate for Calculation of Number of Deliverable Shares"), divided 
by (ii) the Strike Price of the Share, subject to the Physical Delivery Rounding 
Convention. 
"Physical Delivery Rounding Convention" means the method specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such Physical Delivery Rounding Convention is not 
specified, the figure to be rounded shall be rounded upwards to the nearest third 
decimal. 
"Residual Cash Amount" means, in respect of each Note, an amount in the Specified 
Currency equal to: the Residual Number of Deliverable Shares multiplied by the Final 
Price divided by the Final FX (if any), rounded to the nearest second decimal and with 
0.005 rounded upwards. 
"Residual Number of Deliverable Shares" means a number of Shares (or part 
thereof) equal to (i) the Number of Deliverable Shares minus (ii) the Integral Number 
of Deliverable Shares. 
"Strike Price Barrier" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms 
multiplied by the Strike Price. 
"Strike Price" means, the percentage of the Initial Price specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
i) 
The Interest Amount and Final Redemption Amount where Autocall with Worst of 
Shares is applicable 
If "Autocall with Worst of Shares" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms:  
(i) 
if Memory Effect is also specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the 
"Interest Amount" in respect of an Interest Period and each Note equal to the 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to the following: 
(A) 
if, in relation to such Interest Period and the related Valuation Date, 
the Share Performance in respect of each Share on that Valuation 
Date is equal to or greater than the Interest Barrier Level, the Relevant 
Interest Amount will be payable for such Interest Period; or  
(B) 
otherwise if, in relation to such Interest Period and the related 
Valuation Date, the Share Performance in respect of any Share on that 
Valuation Date is less than the Interest Barrier Level, the Interest 
Amount shall be zero;  
(ii) 
if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs in respect of an Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Notes will be redeemed as specified in 
Condition 22.f). The Automatic Early Redemption Date shall be the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms immediately following the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date on which the Automatic 
Early Redemption Event occurs and the Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
shall be the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (as defined below in this 
Condition 22.i)); and 
(iii) 
unless the Notes are otherwise redeemed or purchased and cancelled, the 
"Final Redemption Amount" means an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to: 
(A) 
if a Final Physical Delivery Event does not occur on the Final Valuation 
Date: 
Calculation Amount x K1; or 
(B) 
if a Final Physical Delivery Event occurs on the Final Valuation Date, 
the "Final Redemption Amount" shall be paid by the delivery of the 
Integral Number of Deliverable Shares of the Worst Performing Share 
and payment of the Residual Cash Amount, in each case for value on 
the Delivery Date as defined in Condition 22.l) below. 
If Autocall with Worst of Shares is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the provisions of this Condition 22.i) will not apply to the Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each Note equal to the 
Calculation Amount, the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
not so specified, the Calculation Amount; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means, in relation to an Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, the Share Performance for each Share on such Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date is greater than or equal to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Level; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each such date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, each such date being a "Valuation Date". 
“Barrier Level” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the percentage specified as 
such for such Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
“Exchange Rate” means, for purposes of making a currency conversion in respect of 
any day between the quotation currency of the Worst Performing Share and the 
Specified Currency, the relevant cross rate between such currencies determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant FX Page at or about the FX Conversion 
Time on such day in each case as specified in relation to the Worst Performing Share 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if such rate does not appear on such page or it is 
otherwise impracticable to determine such rate at or about the FX Conversion Time for 
any reason, then the Calculation Agent will determine the relevant rate as being the 
cross currency rate it determines would have prevailed but for such impracticability by 
reference to such sources(s) as it determines appropriate; 
"Final Physical Delivery Event" means, in relation to the Final Valuation Date, the 
Share Performance for any Share on such Final Valuation Date is less than the Barrier 
Level; 
"Final Share Price" means, in respect of a Share, the Settlement Price for such Share 
on the Final Valuation Date for such Share; 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
such date being a "Valuation Date"; 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms, such date being a "Valuation Date"; 
"Integral Number of Deliverable Shares" means, in respect of each Note equal to the 
Calculation Amount, an integral number of the Worst Performing Shares equal to the 
Number of Deliverable Shares rounded downwards to the nearest integral number. 
"Interest Barrier Level" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“K1” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Number of Deliverable Shares" means, in respect of each Note equal to the 
Calculation Amount, a number of the Worst Performing Shares equal to (i) the 
Calculation Amount, where applicable converted into the relevant quotation currency 
of the Worst Performing Shares at the relevant Exchange Rate in respect of the Final 
Valuation Date, divided by (ii) the Strike Price multiplied by Share Priceo,i of the Worst 
Performing Share.  
"Paid Interest" means, in respect of each Note equal to the Calculation Amount, an 
Interest Period and the related Interest Payment Date (the Current Interest Payment 
Date), the sum of the Relevant Interest Amounts (if any) paid in respect of such Note 
on each Interest Payment Date prior to the Current Interest Payment Date; 
"Relevant Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the related 
Interest Payment Date and each Note equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
[Calculation Amount x 𝑡𝑡 x Coupon Rate] –  Paid Interest 
"Residual Cash Amount" means, in respect of each Note equal to the Calculation 
Amount, an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the Residual Number of 
Deliverable Shares multiplied by the Final Share Price of the Worst Performing Share, 
where applicable converted into the Specified Currency at the relevant Exchange Rate 
in respect of the Final Valuation Date, rounded to the nearest second decimal and with 
0.005 rounded upwards. 
"Residual Number of Deliverable Shares" means in respect of each Note equal to 
the Calculation Amount, a number of the Worst Performing Shares (or part thereof) 
equal to (i) the Number of Deliverable Shares minus (ii) the Integral Number of 
Deliverable Shares. 
"Share Performance" means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a Share, an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula:

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
𝑆𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑎𝑎𝑎𝑎𝑎 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑡𝑡,𝑖𝑖
𝑆𝑆ℎ𝑎𝑎𝑎𝑎𝑎𝑎 𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃𝑃0,𝑖𝑖
 
"Share Price0, i" means, in respect of a Share, the Settlement Price for such Share on 
the Initial Valuation Date for such Share; 
"Share Pricet, i" means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a Share, the Settlement 
Price for such Share in respect of such Valuation Date; 
"Strike Price" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"t" means the numerical value of the relevant Interest Period where for the first Interest 
Period t=1, for the second Interest Period t=2, and so on; and 
"Valuation Date" means, in respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest 
Payment Date, the date specified as such under the heading "Equity Linked Interest 
Note Provisions" in the applicable Final Terms which falls closest in time and prior to 
the related Interest Payment Date, each such date being a "Valuation Date"; 
"Worst Performing Share" means the Share with the lowest Share Performance in 
respect of the Final Valuation Date.  If two or more Share have an equal lowest 
Performance the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion will select any of such equal 
lowest Shares as the Worst Performing Share. 
j) 
Calculation Agent Provisions 
Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act or exercise judgement, it will use its 
sole and absolute discretion. The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after 
making any determination pursuant to these provisions, notify the Issuer and the 
Noteholders of such determination. The Calculation Agent is not acting as a fiduciary 
for or as an advisor to the Noteholders in respect of its duties as Calculation Agent in 
connection with any Notes. 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, 
circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of 
any discretion required or permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to these Conditions shall (in the absence of manifest error) 
be final and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders. In performing its duties pursuant 
to the Notes, the Calculation Agent will use its sole and absolute discretion. Any delay, 
deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any 
of its obligations or its discretion under the Notes including, without limitation, the giving 
of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any 
later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion, and none of the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross 
negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or consequent upon, any such delay, 
deferral or forbearance. 
k) 
Additional Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change of Law, Failure to Deliver, 
Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, 
Insolvency Filing and/or Loss of Stock Borrow, in each case if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the 
First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. 
For these purposes control means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an 
entity. 
"Associated Costs" means, in respect of a Note, an amount equal to such Note's pro 
rata share of the total amount of any and all Costs associated or incurred by the Issuer, 
any Affiliate and/or Hedging Party (as applicable) in connection with the relevant early 
cancellation, including, without limitation, any Costs associated with unwinding, 
substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any funding relating to the Notes and any 
Costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any 
hedge positions relating to the Note, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means (a) an amount in the Specified 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms or if such amount is not specified, (b) 
the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate relating to the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject in each case to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" will be deemed to occur (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) if the Settlement Price of the Share determined 
by the Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date is, as specified in the Final Terms (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or 
equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption 
Level. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the Settlement Price specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Rate" means, in respect of any Automatic Early 
Redemption Date, the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the 
purposes of determining the consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled 
Trading Day or a Disrupted Day occurring on any such day in accordance with these 
Conditions. 
"Calculation Agent" means the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or any successor in such capacity. 
"Change of Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (B) due to the promulgation of 
or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken 
by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (x) 
it has become illegal to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant Share or (y) it will incur 
a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Notes (including, 
without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other 
adverse effect on its tax position). 
"Costs" means costs, losses, expenses, taxes and/or duties including any applicable 
depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve 
tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties (together with 
any interest additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto and any interest in respect 
of such additions or penalties). 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or 
any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on 
which a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of relevant 
Exchange(s) or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless 
such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) 
at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business 
Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means (a) in respect of a Note, if Fair Market Value is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Early Redemption Amount, the fair 
market value of such Note, less any Associated Costs, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent immediately prior to such redemption (ignoring the relevant illegality, 
in the event of early redemption due to illegality) or otherwise (b) the relevant amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the purpose of determining the

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount for the purpose of Condition 11, no account shall be taken 
of the financial condition of the Issuer which shall be presumed to be able to perform 
fully its obligations in respect of the Notes. 
"Exchange" means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which 
trading in the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means the relevant Exchange Business Day specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. If no Exchange Business Day is specified as applying in 
the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day shall mean any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading 
during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange 
or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts 
or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Shares on the 
relevant Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures 
or options contracts relating to the relevant share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Exchange Rate" means the cross currency rate specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms which appears on the page designated in the applicable Final Terms on 
the relevant Valuation Date at or about the Valuation Time.  If such rate does not appear 
on such page or it is otherwise impracticable to determine such rate at or about the 
Valuation Time for any reason then the Calculation Agent will determine the relevant 
rate as being the cross currency rate it determines would have prevailed but for such 
impracticability by reference to such sources(s) as it determines appropriate. 
"Failure to Deliver" means failure of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates to deliver, 
when due, the relevant Shares under the Notes, where such failure to deliver is due to 
illiquidity in the market for such Shares. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of the Issuer issuing and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds 
of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of Shares that the Issuer deems necessary to 
hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Notes. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would 
incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the 
Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (B) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an 
Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
would incur a rate to borrow any Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the initial stock loan rate 
specified in relation to such Share in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Insolvency Filing" means that a Share Company institutes or has instituted against 
it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or 
the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a 
judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it 
consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented 
by creditors and not consented to by the Share Company shall not be deemed an 
Insolvency Filing. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any 
Share in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a Share, the Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for 
futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Share. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange 
and a Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange 
or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or 
any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means the relevant Scheduled Trading Day specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If no Scheduled Trading Day is specified as applying in the 
applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day shall mean any day on which each 
Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of 
an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
and subject as referred to in Valuation Date below an amount equal to the official 
closing price quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share on the relevant Valuation 
Date or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price cannot 
be so determined and the Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market 
buying price and the closing fair market selling price for the Share or, at the Calculation 
Agent's discretion, the arithmetic mean of middle market quotations provided to the 
Calculation Agent by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) engaged in the trading of the Share or on such other factors as the Calculation 
Agent shall decide, such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, into the Specified Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount 
to be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent. 
"Shares" and "Share" mean the share specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Share Company" means the company that has issued the Share. 
"Trading Disruption" means, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by 
the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the share or (b) in futures or options contracts 
relating to such share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Initial Valuation Date, any Valuation Date, any Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Valuation Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day the relevant 
day will be the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the relevant Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of eight consecutive Scheduled Trading

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price in respect of the relevant 
Valuation Date in accordance with its good faith estimate of the Settlement Price that 
would have prevailed but for such day being a Disrupted Day as of the Valuation Time 
on that the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day: 
"Valuation Time" means the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant 
Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date in relation to the Share to be valued provided 
that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the 
specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, 
then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time. 
l) 
Additional Physical Delivery Provisions 
(i) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In relation to Physical Delivery Notes, in order to obtain delivery of the Share 
Amount(s) in respect of any Note: 
(A) 
if such Note is represented by a Global Note, the relevant Noteholder 
must deliver to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) 
(each a relevant "Clearing System"), with a copy to the Issuer not 
later than the close of business in each place of reception on the Cut-
Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice; and 
(B) 
if such Note is in definitive form, the relevant Noteholder must deliver 
to any Paying Agent with a copy to the Issuer not later than the close 
of business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice, 
provided in each case that the Issuer may give notice to Noteholders of such 
alternative settlement procedures for delivery of the Share Amount (which may 
or may not involve an Asset Transfer Notice) as it may determine appropriate 
from time to time which will be binding on Noteholders, the Calculation Agent 
and all other parties in the absence of manifest error.  The Issuer may give 
notice of such alternative settlement procedures on more than one occasion. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Asset Transfer Notice" means an asset transfer notice in the form set out in 
the Agency Agreement or such updated or modified form thereof as the Issuer 
may make available from time to time duly completed in accordance with the 
provisions of this Condition; 
"Cut-off Date" means the date falling five Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date;  
"Relevant Asset" means the Shares; and 
"Share Amount" means the amount of Relevant Assets relating to each Note. 
Copies of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business 
hours from the specified office of any Paying Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (a) if such Note is represented 
by a Global Note in such manner as is acceptable to the relevant Clearing 
System, or (b) if such Note is in definitive form, in writing together with the Note. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(A) 
specify the name and address of the relevant Noteholder and the 
person from whom the Issuer may obtain details for the delivery of the 
Share Amount and any details required for delivery of the Share 
Amount set out in the form of Asset Transfer Notice; 
(B) 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, specify the nominal 
amount of Notes which are the subject to such notice and the number

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
of the Noteholder's account at the relevant Clearing System to be 
debited with such Notes and irrevocably instruct and authorise the 
relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, to debit the relevant 
Noteholder's account with such Notes on or before the Delivery Date; 
(C) 
include an undertaking to pay all Delivery Expenses and, in the case 
of Notes represented by a Global Note, an authority to debit a specified 
account of the Noteholder at the relevant Clearing System, as the case 
may be, in respect thereof and to pay such Delivery Expenses; 
(D) 
specify an account to which dividends (if any) payable pursuant to this 
Condition 22.l) or any other cash amounts specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being payable are to be paid; 
(E) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a U.S. person (as 
defined in the Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is not being redeemed 
within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person (as defined in 
the Asset Transfer Notice) and no cash, securities or other property 
have been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, a U.S. person (as defined in the Asset Transfer 
Notice) in connection with any redemption thereof; and 
(F) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative 
or legal proceedings. 
For the purposes of this Condition, "Delivery Expenses" means all 
costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses, including stamp duty, stamp duty 
reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the delivery 
of the Share Amount. 
(ii) 
Verification of the Holder 
Upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice the relevant Clearing System shall 
verify that the person delivering the Asset Transfer Notice is the holder of the 
Notes described therein according to its records. Subject thereto, the relevant 
Clearing System will confirm to the Agent the series number and number of 
Notes the subject of such notice, the relevant account details and the details 
for the delivery of the Share Amount relating to each Note. Upon receipt of 
such confirmation, the Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. 
(iii) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Failure properly to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice may result 
in such notice being treated as null and void. Any determination as to whether 
such notice has been properly completed and delivered as provided in these 
Conditions shall be made, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, 
by the relevant Clearing System, after consultation with the Issuer and shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the relevant Noteholder and, in the 
case of Notes in definitive form, by the relevant Paying Agent after consultation 
with the Issuer, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the 
relevant Noteholder. 
If any Asset Transfer Notice deemed null and void in accordance with the 
foregoing paragraph is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the 
relevant Clearing System in consultation with the Agent, it shall be deemed to 
be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time such corrected Asset 
Transfer Notice was delivered to the relevant Clearing System (with a copy to 
the Agent). 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the 
relevant Clearing System or the Agent, as the case may be, as provided above. 
After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Noteholder may not 
transfer the Notes which are the subject of such notice. 
The Share Amount will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholder, in 
the manner provided below on the Maturity Date (such date, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with this Condition, the "Delivery Date"), provided

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
that the Asset Transfer Notice is duly delivered to the relevant Clearing System 
(with a copy to the Agent), as provided above on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein with a 
copy to the Agent, on or prior to the Cut-Off Date, then the Share Amount will 
be delivered as soon as practicable after the Maturity Date (in which case, such 
date of delivery shall be deemed the Delivery Date) at the risk of such 
Noteholder in the manner provided below. In such circumstances the relevant 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or 
otherwise, and the Issuer shall have no liability whatsoever, as a result of the 
Delivery Date falling after the Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall, at the relevant Noteholder's risk, deliver or procure the 
delivery of the Share Amount relating to each Note, pursuant to the details 
specified in the Asset Transfer Notice or in such manner as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine and notify to the person designated by the Noteholder 
in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. No delivery of the Share Amount shall 
be made until all Delivery Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the 
Issuer by the relevant Noteholder. 
(iv) 
General 
Following the Delivery Date of a share certificate all dividends on the relevant 
shares to be delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such 
dividend according to market practice for a sale of the shares executed on the 
Delivery Date and to be delivered in the same manner as such relevant Shares. 
Any such dividends to be paid to a Noteholder will be paid to the account 
specified by the Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as referred 
to in Condition 22.l)(i). 
For such period of time after delivery of the Share Amount as the Issuer or any 
person acting on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the legal owner of the 
securities comprising the Share Amount (the "Intervening Period"), none of 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person shall at any time (A) be 
under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any Noteholder any letter, 
certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except as provided herein, 
payment whatsoever received by that person in respect of such securities or 
obligations, (B) be under any obligation to exercise or procure the exercise of 
any or all rights attaching to such securities or obligations or (C) be under any 
liability to a Noteholder in respect of any loss or damage which such 
Noteholder may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of 
that person being the legal owner during such Intervening Period of such 
securities or obligations. 
(v) 
Settlement Disruption Event 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Share Amount using 
the method of delivery specified above, or such other manner as the 
Calculation Agent has determined, is impracticable because a Settlement 
Disruption Event (as defined below) has occurred and is continuing on the 
Delivery Date, then it shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 and the Delivery Date shall be 
postponed to the first following Settlement Business Day in respect of which 
there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, provided that, the Issuer may 
elect in its sole and absolute discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of 
the relevant Note by delivering the Share Amount using such other 
commercially reasonable manner as it may select and, in such event, the 
Delivery Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate (acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner). Noteholders shall not be entitled to any 
payment, whether on account of interest or otherwise, and the Issuer shall 
have no liability whatsoever, as a result of the Delivery Date being postponed 
due to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event. 
Where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Share Amount, the Delivery Date for the Relevant

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
Assets unaffected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally 
designated Delivery Date. For so long as delivery of part of the Share Amount 
is impracticable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of 
physical delivery of the affected Relevant Asset(s), and notwithstanding any 
other provision hereof, the Issuer may elect in its sole and absolute discretion 
to satisfy its obligations in respect of the affected portion of the relevant Note(s) 
by paying the relevant Noteholder(s), the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount 
(as defined below) on the fifth Business Day following the date on which 
Noteholders are notified in accordance with Condition 18 of (A) such election 
having been made and (B) the manner in which the Issuer intends to pay the 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount. 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
"Disruption Cash Redemption Amount" shall be, in respect of any Note, the 
fair market value of such Note (taking into account, where the Settlement 
Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets included in the 
Share Amount and such unaffected Relevant Assets have been duly delivered 
as provided above, the value of such unaffected and delivered Relevant 
Assets), less the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion; 
"Settlement Business Day" means a day on which each place or settlement 
system or entity relevant for delivery of the Share Amount is open all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means an event that is beyond the control of 
the Issuer, including illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets as a result 
of which the Issuer cannot make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) using the 
method specified above, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(vi) 
Variation of Settlement 
If prior to the redemption of Physical Delivery Notes, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Shares are not freely tradable, the Issuer may, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, elect either (i) to substitute for such Shares freely 
tradable shares with a value equivalent to the Shares (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) (the "Substitute Asset(s)") or (ii) not to deliver or procure 
the delivery of the Share Amount or the Substitute Asset(s), as the case may 
be, but in lieu thereof to pay to the Noteholders on the Maturity Date an amount 
equal to the fair market value of the Share Amount on the Valuation Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it 
considers appropriate (the "Alternate Cash Redemption Amount") together 
with all other cash amounts, if any, that would then be due to the Noteholders. 
Notification of any such election will be given to Noteholders. 
For the purposes hereof, a freely tradable share shall mean (i) with respect to 
the United States, a share which is registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933 (the "Securities Act") or with respect to which an exemption from such 
registration is available, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
or (ii) with respect to any other jurisdiction, a share not subject to any legal 
restrictions on transfer in such jurisdiction.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
The following (apart from the text in italics) is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject 
to completion of the applicable Final Terms in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable 
Final Terms or in the case of Exempt Notes only as completed, amended, supplemented or varied by 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, shall be applicable to the Subordinated Notes in definitive form (if 
any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Tranche. Either (i) the full text of 
these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the Final Terms or (ii) in 
the case of Exempt Notes, these terms and conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or 
varied by the applicable Pricing Supplement, shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the 
Registered Note Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined 
in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. Those 
definitions will be endorsed on the definitive Notes or Registered Note Certificates, as the case may be. 
References in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Subordinated Notes of one Series only, not to all 
Subordinated Notes that may be issued under the Programme.  
An Agency Agreement (as further amended or supplemented as at the date of issue of the 
Notes (the "Issue Date")) (the "Agency Agreement") dated as amended and restated on 24 June  2022 
between the Issuer and the other agents named in it has been entered into in relation to the Notes. The 
fiscal agent, the paying agents, the registrars, the transfer agents and the calculation agent(s) for the 
time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the "Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which 
expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the "Registrars", the "Transfer Agents" and the 
"Calculation Agent(s)". The Noteholders (as defined below), the holders of the interest coupons (the 
"Coupons") relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer form and, where applicable in the case of such 
Notes, talons for further Coupons (the "Talons") (the "Couponholders") relating to interest bearing 
Notes in bearer form are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement 
applicable to them. 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(ii) 
any Global Note; and 
(iii) 
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection free of charge at the specified 
offices of each of the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Transfer Agents or may be provided by 
email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agent, the Registar or any 
Transfer Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant 
Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent).  The final terms for the Note (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to or endorsed on the Note which complete 
these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") or, if the Note is a Note which is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic 
Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation 
(an "Exempt Note"), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of 
the Note.  References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on the Note. Any reference in the 
Conditions to “applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to “applicable Pricing 
Supplement" where relevant. The expression “Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes", which expression includes Notes that 
are specified to be Exchangeable Bearer Notes), in registered form ("Registered Notes") or in bearer 
form exchangeable for Registered Notes ("Exchangeable Bearer Notes") in each case in the Specified 
Denomination(s) shown hereon. 
All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. Where Exchangeable 
Bearer Notes are issued, the Registered Notes for which they are exchangeable shall have the same 
Specified Denomination as the lowest denomination of Exchangeable Bearer Notes.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
This Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note, a combination of 
any of the foregoing or any other kind of Note, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment 
Basis shown hereon. 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a 
Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other 
than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Registered Notes are represented by registered note certificates ("Registered Note 
Certificates") and, save as provided in Condition 2.c), each Registered Note Certificate shall represent 
the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the 
Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register that the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the 
Registrar outside the United Kingdom in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the 
"Register"). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as 
defined below) of any Note, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or 
an interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Registered Note Certificate representing it) or its theft or loss 
(or that of the related Registered Note Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
holder. 
In these Conditions, "Noteholder" means the bearer of any Bearer Note relating to it or the 
person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be), "holder" (in relation to a 
Note, Coupon or Talon) means the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Talon or the person in whose 
name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and capitalised terms have the meanings 
given to them hereon, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not applicable to 
the Notes. 
2. 
Exchanges of Exchangeable Bearer Notes and Transfers of Registered Notes 
a) 
Exchange of Exchangeable Bearer Notes: 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.f), Exchangeable Bearer Notes may be exchanged for the 
same nominal amount of Registered Notes at the request in writing of the relevant Noteholder and upon 
surrender of each Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged, together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons relating to it, at the specified office of any Transfer Agent; provided, however, that where an 
Exchangeable Bearer Note is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as defined in Condition 
6.f)) for any payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of interest need not be 
surrendered with it. Registered Notes may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes. Bearer Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes: 
One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Registered Note Certificate representing such Registered 
Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Registered Note Certificate 
(or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer) duly completed and executed and any 
other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of 
part only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Registered Note Certificate, a new 
Registered Note Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a 
further new Registered Note Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a 
holder of Registered Notes, a new Registered Note Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall 
only be issued against surrender of the Registered Note Certificate representing the existing holding. 
c) 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes: 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, a holding 
of Registered Notes represented by a single Registered Note Certificate, a new Registered Note 
Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance 
of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes 
of the same holding having different terms, separate Registered Note Certificates shall be issued in 
respect of those Notes of that holding that have the same terms. New Registered Note Certificates shall

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
only be issued against surrender of the existing Registered Note Certificates to the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent. 
d) 
Delivery of New Registered Note Certificates: 
Each new Registered Note Certificate to be issued pursuant to Conditions 2.a), b) or c) shall 
be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of 
transfer and in each case surrender of the Registered Note Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the 
new Registered Note Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the 
Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of 
transfer or Registered Note Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such 
delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer 
or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new 
Registered Note Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests 
otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) the costs 
of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2.d), 
"business day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business 
in Luxembourg and in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar 
(as the case may be). 
e) 
Exchange Free of Charge: 
Exchange and transfer of Notes and Registered Note Certificates on registration, transfer, 
partial redemption or exercise of an option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any tax or other governmental charges that 
may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer 
Agent may require). 
f) 
Closed Periods: 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered or an 
Exchangeable Bearer Note to be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) (i) during the period 
of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Amount in respect of, that Note, 
(ii) during the period of 15 days before any date on which Notes may be called for redemption by the 
Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 5.d) (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption 
or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. An Exchangeable 
Bearer Note called for redemption may, however, be exchanged for one or more Registered Note(s) in 
respect of which the Registered Note Certificate is simultaneously surrendered not later than the 
relevant Record Date. 
3. 
Status and Subordination 
a) 
Status: 
Notes in respect of which the status is specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Subordinated" 
and Coupons relating to them constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves. The rights and 
claims of the holders of Notes and Coupons relating to them against the Issuer in respect of such Notes 
and related Coupons (including any damages (if payable)) are subordinated to the claims of Senior 
Creditors. 
Notes that constitute Tier 2 capital will have a minimum maturity of five years. 
b) 
Subordination of Notes: 
In the event of Liquidation of the Issuer, the rights of the holders of Notes and Coupons relating 
to them against the Issuer in respect of such Notes and related Coupons (including any damages (if 
payable)) shall: 
(i) 
be subordinated to the claims of all Senior Creditors; 
(ii) 
rank pari passu with the claims of all other subordinated creditors of the Issuer 
which in each case by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank pari 
passu with the Notes (including holders of instruments that qualify as Tier 2 
instruments in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations); and 
(iii) 
rank senior to the claims of holders of the Issuer's ordinary shares, preference 
shares and any junior subordinated obligations or other securities of the Issuer 
which by law rank, or by their terms are expressed to rank, junior to the Notes.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
c) 
Subject to the application of the Resolution Law and the SRM Regulation, 
notwithstanding and to the exclusion of any other term of the Notes or any other 
agreements, arrangements, or understanding between the Issuer and any holder, by 
its acquisition of the Notes, each holder (which, for the purposes of this clause, includes 
each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges and accepts that any 
amount due arising under the Notes may be subject to the exercise of any write-down 
or conversion powers in accordance with Article 48 of the BRRD and Article 49 of the 
Resolution Law, and acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by: 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any write-down or conversion powers by the 
relevant resolution authority, which exercise may include and result in any of 
the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction or cancellation of all, or a portion, of the amounts due; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the amounts due on the Notes 
into shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or 
another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such 
shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Notes; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Notes; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the provisions of the Notes by which 
the Notes have no maturity or the amendment of the amount of interest 
payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Notes, as deemed necessary by the relevant 
resolution authority, to give effect to the exercise of any write-down or 
conversion powers by the relevant resolution authority. 
d) 
No security or guarantee 
The Notes and Coupons are not subject to any security or guarantee that enhances the 
seniority of the claims of their holders. For this purpose, no security or guarantee of any kind whatsoever 
is, or shall at any time be, provided by the Issuer or any other person for the purposes of securing or 
guaranteeing the rights of any of the Noteholders or the Couponholders.  
e) 
No set-off 
Subject to applicable law, no Noteholder or Couponholder may exercise, claim or plead any 
right of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer arising 
under, or in connection with, the Notes or Coupons and each Noteholder or Couponholder shall, by 
virtue of its holding of any Notes or Coupons (as the case may be), be deemed to have waived all such 
rights of set-off, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the above, if any amounts due and payable 
to any Noteholder or Couponholder by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under, the Notes or Coupons 
are discharged by set-off, such Noteholder or Couponholder shall, subject to applicable law, 
immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer (or the liquidator or 
administrator of the Issuer as the case may be) and, until such time as payment is made, shall hold an 
amount equal to such amount in a fiduciary (fiduciaire) capacity, or where applicable law permits, in 
trust for the Issuer (or the liquidator or administrator of the Issuer, as the case may be) and, accordingly, 
any such discharge shall be deemed not to have taken place. 
f) 
Defined Terms: 
In this Condition: 
"Liquidation" means if an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer in accordance with Articles 129ff. of the law of 18 
December 2015 on the default of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended 
(loi du 18 décembre 2015 relative à la défaillance des etablissements de credit et de certaines 
enterprises d'investissement telle qu'elle a été modifiée) (the "Resolution Law") or the 
voluntary liquidation (liquidation volontaire) of the Issuer in accordance with Article 128 of the 
Resolution Law; and 
“Senior Creditors” means creditors of the Issuer (i) who are depositors and/or other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer; or (ii) whose claims are or are expressed to be

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
subordinated (whether only in the event of the Liquidation of the Issuer or otherwise) to the 
claims of unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer, other than those whose claims by law rank, or 
by their terms are expressed to rank, pari passu with, or junior to, the claims of the Noteholders 
and holders of the relevant Coupons. For the avoidance of doubt, this definition includes the 
claims of holders of eligible liabilities instruments (as defined in the CRR). 
4. 
Interest and Other Calculations 
a) 
Rate of Interest and Accrual on Notes: 
Each Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
calculated in accordance with Condition 4.g). 
b) 
Reset Notes 
(i) 
Accrual of interest: 
Each Reset Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Initial Rate of Interest; and 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the 
Second Reset Date (if any) at the rate per annum equal to the First 
Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, from (and including) the 
Second Reset Date to (but excluding) the first Subsequent Reset Date 
(if any), and each successive period from (and including) any 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any) (each a "Subsequent Reset Period") 
at the rate per annum equal to the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest. 
The Reset Rate of Interest payable shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date. 
(ii) 
Fallbacks: 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available 
or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre of 
the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset 
Period shall be the sum (converted as set out in the definition of such term 
above) of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations and the Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in 
the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be the sum 
(converted as set out in the definition of such term above) of (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded 
upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation and the Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) that appears on the last 
available screen page. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.b)(ii) "Reference Banks" means the 
principal office in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency of 
four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely 
connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the 
advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 4.g). The Interest Payment Date(s) 
is/are either shown hereon, as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no 
Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown hereon Interest Payment 
Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period 
shown hereon as the Specified Period after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent 
such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would 
have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the 
Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes, for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than Floating 
Rate Notes referencing Compounded SONIA or Compounded SOFR 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
and unless the Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Series of 
Floating Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
“SONIA” or “SOFR”, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(x) 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate (as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to Condition 4.k)) which appears or appear, as the

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time in the case of 
EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for 
the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations. 
If the Reference Rate from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Notes is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
other than EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(y) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-
paragraph (x)(1) above applies and no such offered quotation 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph 
(x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case 
as at the time specified above, subject as provided below and 
in Condition 4(k)), the Calculation Agent shall request, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of 
each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two 
Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and 
at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or 
banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded SONIA 
(x) 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; 
(ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon as being SONIA; 
and (iii) SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon 
as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject to Condition 4.f) and Condition 4.k), be the 
SONIA Compounded Index Rate determined as follows: 
“SONIA Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment during the SONIA Observation Period relating to 
such Interest Period (with the daily Sterling overnight 
reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
−1൰× ൬365
𝑑𝑑൰ 
provided, however, that and subject to Condition 4.k), if the 
SONIA Compounded Index Value is not available in relation 
to any Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page or on the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other 
page or website as may replace such page for the purposes 
of publishing the SONIA Compounded Index) for the 
determination of either or both of SONIA Compounded 
IndexSTART and/or SONIA Compounded IndexEND, the Rate 
of Interest shall be calculated for such Interest Period on the 
basis of the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set 
out in Condition 4.c)(iii)(B)(y) as if SONIA Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate with Observation Shift had been specified 
hereon as being applicable and the “Relevant Screen Page” 
shall be deemed to be the “Relevant Fallback Screen Page” 
as specified hereon, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period; 
“London Business Day”, means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;  
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified 
hereon (or, if no such number is so specified, five) 
representing a number of London Business Days; 
“SONIA Compounded Index” means the index known as the 
SONIA Compounded Index administered by the Bank of 
England (or any successor administrator thereof); 
“SONIA Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any 
London Business Day, the value of the SONIA Compounded 
Index as published by authorised distributors on the Relevant 
Screen Page on such London Business Day or, if the value of 
the SONIA Compounded Index cannot be obtained from the 
Relevant Screen Page, as published on the Bank of England’s 
website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or 
such other page or website as may replace such page for the 
purposes of publishing the SONIA Compounded Index) in 
respect of such London Business Day;

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
“SONIA Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the 
last day of the relevant SONIA Observation Period; 
“SONIA Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the SONIA Compounded Index Value on the 
first day of the relevant SONIA Observation Period; and 
“SONIA Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling “p” 
London Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first SONIA Observation Period shall begin on 
(and include) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior 
to the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but 
excluding) the date which is “p” London Business Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling “p” London Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable). 
(y) 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; 
(ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon as being SONIA; 
and (iii) SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate is 
specified hereon as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4.f) and 
Condition 4.k), be the SONIA Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate determined as follows: 
“SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in 
respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling 
overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation 
of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, as follows: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
365
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× 365
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
“London Business Day”, “p” and “SONIA Observation Period” 
have the respective meanings set out in Condition 
4.c)(iii)(B)(x); 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant: 
(i) 
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift 
is specified hereon as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as 
being applicable; 
“do” is the number of London Business Days in the relevant: 
(i) 
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift 
is specified hereon as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as 
being applicable; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing 
the 
relevant 
London 
Business 
Day 
in 
chronological order from (and including) the first London 
Business Day in the relevant:

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
(i) 
SONIA Observation Period, where Observation Shift 
is specified hereon as being applicable, to (and 
including) the last London Business Day in the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as 
being applicable, to (and including) the last London 
Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“ni”, for any London Business Day “i”, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such London Business 
Day “i” up to (but excluding) the next following London 
Business Day; 
“SONIAi” means, in relation to any London Business Day, the 
SONIA reference rate in respect of: 
(i) 
that London Business Day “i”, where Observation 
Shift is specified hereon as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
the London Business Day (being a London Business 
Day falling in the relevant SONIA Observation Period) 
falling “p” London Business Days prior to the relevant 
London Business Day “i”, where Lag is specified 
hereon as being applicable; and 
the “SONIA reference rate”, in respect of any London 
Business Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London 
Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page on the next following London Business Day or, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as published by 
authorised distributors on such next following London 
Business Day or, if SONIA cannot be obtained from the 
Relevant Screen Page, as published on the Bank of England’s 
website at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or 
such other page or website as may replace such page for the 
purposes of publishing the SONIA reference rate). 
(z) 
Subject to Condition 4.k), where SONIA is specified as the 
Reference Rate hereon and either (i) SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate is specified hereon as being applicable 
or (ii) the SONIA Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon 
as being applicable and Condition 4.c)(iii)(B)(y) applies, if, in 
respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA reference 
rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or the 
Relevant Fallback Screen Page as applicable (or as otherwise 
provided in the relevant definition thereof) or as published on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other 
page or website as may replace such page for the purposes 
of publishing the SONIA reference rate), such Reference Rate 
shall be: 
(i) 
(1) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) 
prevailing at close of business on the relevant London 
Business Day; plus (2) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA reference rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which the SONIA reference rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there 
is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate, or

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
 
(ii) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA reference 
rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as 
otherwise provided in the relevant definition thereof) or 
(if later) as published on the Bank of England’s website 
at www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or 
such other page or website as may replace such page 
for the purposes of publishing the SONIA reference 
rate) for the first preceding London Business Day on 
which the SONIA reference rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or as otherwise provided in the 
relevant definition thereof) or (if later) as published on 
the 
Bank 
of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such 
other page or website as may replace such page for the 
purposes of publishing the SONIA reference rate), and 
in each case, SONIAi shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(aa) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance 
with Condition 9, the final Interest Determination Date 
shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination 
Date specified hereon, be deemed to be the date on 
which such Notes became due and payable and the 
Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as 
any such Note remains outstanding, be that 
determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant 
Interest Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded SOFR 
(x) 
SOFR Compounded Index Rate 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; 
(ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon as being SOFR; 
and (iii) SOFR Compounded Index Rate is specified hereon 
as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject to Condition 4.f) and as provided below, be 
the SOFR Compounded Index Rate determined as follows. 
“SOFR Compounded Index Rate” means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment during the SOFR Observation Period relating to 
such Interest Period (with the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows: 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
−1൰× ൬360
𝑑𝑑൰ 
provided, however, that, and subject as provided below, if the 
SOFR Compounded Index Value is not available in relation to 
any Interest Period on the SOFR Administrator’s Website for 
the determination of either or both of SOFR Compounded 
IndexSTART and/or SOFR Compounded IndexEND and a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have not occurred with respect to such 
SOFR Compounded Index Value, the Rate of Interest shall be 
calculated for such Interest Period on the basis of the SOFR 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate as set out in Condition 
4.c)(iii)(C)(y) as if SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
with Observation Shift had been specified hereon as being 
applicable, 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period;  
“p” means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified 
hereon (or, if no such number is so specified, five) 
representing a number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
“SOFR” means the daily secured overnight financing rate as 
provided by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR 
Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Administrator” means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR); 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; 
“SOFR Compounded Index” means the index known as SOFR 
Index administered by the SOFR Administrator; 
“SOFR Compounded Index Value” means, in relation to any 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the value of the 
SOFR Compounded Index as published by the SOFR 
Administrator on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at 3:00 
p.m. (New York City time) on such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
“SOFR Compounded IndexEND” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the SOFR Compounded Index Value on the 
last day of the relevant SOFR Observation Period; 
“SOFR Compounded IndexSTART” means, in respect of an 
Interest Period, the SOFR Compounded Index Value on the 
first day of the relevant SOFR Observation Period;  
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first SOFR Observation Period 
shall begin on (and include) the date which is “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the date 
which is “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the 
date falling “p” U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable); and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day 
except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading 
in U.S. government securities. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to determining the SOFR 
Compounded Index Rate, the benchmark replacement 
provisions set forth in Condition 4.c)(iii)(C)(y) below shall apply 
for the purposes of all determinations of the Rate of Interest in 
respect of the Notes.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
(y) 
SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
Where (i) Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined; 
(ii) the Reference Rate is specified hereon as being SOFR; 
and (iii) SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate is specified 
hereon as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject to Condition 4.f) and as provided 
below, be the SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate 
determined as follows: 
“SOFR Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, in respect 
of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound 
interest investment (with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, as follows: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖× 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰−1
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖=1
቏× 360
𝑑𝑑 
where: 
“p”, “SOFR Administrator”, “SOFR Administrator’s Website”, 
“SOFR Observation Period” and “U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day” have the respective meanings set out in 
Condition 4.c)(iii)(C)(x); 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant: 
(i) 
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is 
specified hereon as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as 
being applicable; 
“do” is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant: 
(i) 
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is 
specified hereon as being applicable; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as 
being applicable; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in chronological order from (and including) the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant: 
(i) 
SOFR Observation Period, where Observation Shift is 
specified hereon as being applicable, to (and including) 
the last U.S. Government Securities Business Day in 
the relevant SOFR Observation Period; or 
(ii) 
Interest Period, where Lag is specified hereon as being 
applicable, to (and including) the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“ni”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, 
means the number of calendar days from (and including) such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” up to (but 
excluding) the next following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day; 
“SOFRi” means, in relation to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR reference rate in respect of:

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
 
(i) 
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, 
where Observation Shift is specified hereon as being 
applicable; or 
(ii) 
the U.S. Government Securities Business Day (being a 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling in the 
relevant SOFR Observation Period) falling “p” U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”, 
where Lag is specified hereon as being applicable; and 
the “SOFR reference rate” means, in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, a rate determined in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day that 
appears on the SOFR Administrator’s Website at or 
about 3.00 p.m. (New York City time) on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately 
following such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day; and 
(ii) 
if the rate specified in paragraph (i) above does not so 
appear, unless both a Benchmark Transition Event and 
its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, then the Calculation Agent shall use the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the 
SOFR Administrator’s Website for the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on 
the SOFR Administrator’s Website. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if both a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to determining the SOFR 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate, 
the 
benchmark 
replacement provisions set forth in Condition 4.c)(iii)(C)(aa) 
below shall apply for the purposes of all determinations of the 
Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes. 
(z) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 9, the final Interest Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified 
hereon, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes 
became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Notes shall, for so long as any such Note remains outstanding, 
be that determined on such date and as if (solely for the 
purpose of such interest determination) the relevant Interest 
Period had been shortened accordingly. 
(aa) 
Notwithstanding any other provisions in these Conditions, if: 
(i) 
the Benchmark is SOFR; and 
(ii) 
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to the 
Benchmark, 
then the following provisions of this Condition 4.c)(iii)(C)(aa) 
shall apply. 
(I) 
Benchmark Replacement 
If the Issuer or its designee determines prior to the 
Reference Time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark 
for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and all determinations on 
all subsequent dates (subject to any subsequent 
application of this Condition 4.c)(iii)(C)(aa) with respect 
to such Benchmark Replacement). 
(II) 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark 
Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the 
right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes from time to time. 
The Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent is not 
obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes which, 
in the sole opinion of the Calculation Agent or the 
relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, would 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to 
the Calculation Agent or the relevant Paying Agent (as 
applicable) in the Agency Agreement. 
None of the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent 
shall have any liability for any determination made by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or its designee in connection with 
a Benchmark Transition Event or a Benchmark 
Replacement. For the avoidance of doubt, unless 
otherwise agreed upon in writing, any Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent shall in no event be the Issuer’s 
designee. 
(III) 
Decisions and Determinations 
Any determination, decision or election that may be 
made by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this 
Condition 4.c)(iii)(C)(aa), including (without limitation) 
any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of 
an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take 
or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, may be 
made in the Issuer’s or its designee’s sole discretion (as 
applicable), and, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in these Conditions, shall become effective 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders or any other party. 
In connection with any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes in accordance with this Condition 
4.c)(iii)(C)(aa), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 
4.c)(iii)(C)(aa), no Benchmark Replacement will be 
adopted, 
nor 
will 
the 
applicable 
Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment be applied, nor will any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes be 
made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
 
prejudice the then current or future qualification of the 
Notes as Tier 2 capital. 
(IV) 
Notice and Certification 
Any 
Benchmark 
Replacement, 
Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming 
Changes 
determined under this Condition 4.c)(iii)(C)(aa) will be 
notified at least 10 business days prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, promptly 
thereafter, in accordance with Condition 13, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify 
the 
effective 
date 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, if any. 
(V) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 4.c)(iii)(C)(aa): 
“Benchmark” means, initially, SOFR (provided that if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR 
(or the published daily SOFR used in the calculation 
thereof) or any Benchmark which has replaced it in 
accordance with this Condition 4.c)(iii)(C)(aa), then the 
term “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement); 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative 
set out in the order below that can be determined by the 
Issuer or its designee as at the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest that 
has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant 
Governmental 
Body 
as 
the 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark and 
(2) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B) 
the sum of: (1) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (2) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the sum of: (1) the alternative rate of interest that 
has been selected by the Issuer or its designee 
as 
the 
replacement 
for 
the 
then-current 
Benchmark giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted 
rate 
of 
interest 
as 
a 
replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at 
such time and (2) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first 
alternative set out in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or its designee as at the 
Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero), or method for 
calculating 
or 
determining 
such 
spread 
adjustment, 
that 
has 
been 
selected 
or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement;

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
 
(B) 
if 
the 
applicable 
Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(C) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive 
or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Issuer or its designee giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread 
adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the 
replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the 
applicable 
Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
“Benchmark 
Replacement 
Conforming 
Changes” 
means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, 
any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the definition of Interest Period, 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding amounts or tenors, and 
other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its 
designee decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Issuer or its designee decides that adoption of any 
portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Issuer or its designee determines that 
no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer 
or its designee determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to 
occur of the following events with respect to the then-
current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
in the case of paragraph (A) or (B) of the 
definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the 
later of (1) the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein and 
(2) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(B) 
in the case of paragraph (C) of the definition of 
“Benchmark Transition Event”, the date of the 
public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to 
the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same 
day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred 
prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events with respect to the 
then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof): 
(A) 
a public statement or publication of information 
by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
 
that such administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B) 
a public statement or publication of information 
by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component), the 
central bank for the currency of the Benchmark 
(or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component) or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), which states 
that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the 
Benchmark 
(or 
such 
component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(C) 
a public statement or publication of information 
by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of 
the 
Benchmark 
announcing 
that 
the 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
“designee” means an affiliate or any other agent of the 
Issuer;  
“ISDA Definitions” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 4.i);  
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark;  
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply 
for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for 
the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment;  
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of 
the Benchmark means (A) if the Benchmark is SOFR, 
3:00 p.m. (New York City time) or such other time as is 
reasonably agreed between the Issuer or its designee 
and the Calculation Agent and (B) if the Benchmark is 
not SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its 
designee 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes;  
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto; and 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the 
Benchmark Replacement excluding the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to 
the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall 
be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any 
overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 5.b)). 
e) 
Accrual of Interest: 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue 
(both before and after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 4 to 
the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7). 
f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Amounts and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally, or 
(y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be 
made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the 
specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance 
with c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value 
(if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the 
case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions 
(unless otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures 
shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) 
and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the 
nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case 
of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes 
"unit" means, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
g) 
Calculations: 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an 
Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which 
case the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest 
Accrual Period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). 
Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest 
Amounts payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for 
which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count 
Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Amounts: 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may 
be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
 
Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts or Optional Redemption 
Amount, obtain such quote or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption 
Amounts or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is 
to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if 
determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount, Interest Period Date and Interest Payment Date, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business 
Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 4.c), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes 
become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in 
respect of the Notes shall, subject in the case of each of the SONIA Compounded Index Rate, the 
SONIA Compounded Daily Reference Rate, the SOFR Compounded Index Rate and the SOFR 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate to Condition 4.c)(iii)(B) or 4.c)(iii)(C), as applicable, nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate 
of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, 
the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation 
Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
i) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than EUR, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal 
financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of EUR, a day on which the TARGET System is operating (a "TARGET 
Business Day"); and/or 
(iii) 
In the case of a currency and/or one or more Additional Business Centres, a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in such currency in the Additional Business Centres or, if no currency is 
indicated, generally in each of the Additional Business Centres. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual(ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
]
(
)]
(
30
[
)
(
360
[
1
)
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
1
2
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)]
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)
Y
(Y
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30. 
(vi) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)]
D
(D
)]
M
(M
[30
)
Y
(Y
[360
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30 
(vii) 
if "Actual/Actual(ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) if the Calculation 
Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it falls, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and (b) if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination 
Period, the sum of: (x) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and (y) the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in 
any year where: 
“Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year 
to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified, the 
Interest Payment Date. 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (currently Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the 
requirements from time to time of the European Banking Federation based on estimated 
interbank borrowing rates for a number of designated currencies and maturities which are 
provided, in respect of each such currency, by a panel of contributor banks (details of historic 
EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor). 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community as 
amended. 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date;  
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 4.b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum, converted from a basis equivalent to the Fixed Leg Swap 
Duration specified in the applicable Final Terms to a basis equivalent to the frequency with 
which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period 
(such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading financial institution 
selected by it), of (A) the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the First Margin. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable, per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, and 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms as being payable 
on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such Interest Accrual 
Period forms part; and

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such hereon or, if none is so specified:  
(i) 
unless the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being “SONIA” 
or “SOFR” (A) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
Sterling or (B) the day falling two Business Days in London for the Specified Currency 
prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither 
Sterling nor EUR or (C) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day 
of such Interested Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is EUR; 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being "SONIA", the 
date which is "p" London Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Reference Rate in respect of the Notes is specified hereon as being "SOFR", the 
date which is "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date. 
"Interest Payment Date" means each of the date or dates specified in the applicable Final 
Terms 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next 
succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Mid-Swap Maturity" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on 
the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency, such day 
count basis as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant 
Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments 
in the Specified Currency, such day count basis as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is 
EUR or the Reference Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
4.b)(ii), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to EUR, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Communities as is selected by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Rate of Interest" means (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, the rate of interest 
payable from time to time in respect of this Note and that is either specified or calculated in 
accordance with the provisions hereon; and (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, the Initial Rate of 
Interest or the Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable. 
"Reference Banks" means, (i) in the case of Notes other than Reset Notes, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and (ii) in the case of Reset Notes, four major banks in the swap, money, securities or 
other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer 
on the advice of an investment bank of international repute or as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such hereon. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a 
particular information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date and each of the date or dates specified as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of each Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the first day of each such Reset Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the next Reset Date or, if no such next Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Maturity Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Reset Date or, if no such next succeeding Reset Date is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
"Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 4.b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the Margin. 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such hereon or, if none is specified, 
the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 4.b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum, converted from a basis equivalent to the Fixed 
Leg Swap Duration specified in the applicable Final Terms to a basis equivalent to the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
Reset Period (such calculation to be determined by the Issuer in conjunction with a leading 
financial institution selected by it), of (A) the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and (B) the relevant 
Subsequent Margin. 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or 
any successor thereto. 
j) 
Calculation Agent: 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them hereon and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where more than one 
Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation 
Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the 
Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails 
duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, 
Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any 
other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most 
closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in 
its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid. 
k) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
With respect to  Floating Rate Notes, Range Accrual Notes and Reset Notes using an  
EURIBOR or other benchmark (each, the “Original Rate”), if (i) the Original Rate is not SOFR and (ii) 
the Original Rate is subject to a Benchmark Event (as defined below) at any time when the terms and 
conditions of any Notes provide for any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined 
by reference to such Original Rate, or if any relevant screen rate is not then available as a result of the 
permanent discontinuation of such Original Rate, the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and after consultation with the Issuer: 
(i) 
will use, as a substitute for such Original Rate or such screen rate which has 
replaced such Original Rate (as applicable) and for each future Interest 
Determination Date, the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, 
monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or 
working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the applicable benchmark currency 
that is consistent with accepted market practice (the "Substitute Rate"); or   
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that there is no clear market 
consensus on a direct successor or replacement to such Original Rate or such 
screen rate which has replaced such Original Rate(as applicable) in customary 
market usage for the purposes of determining rates of interest on the same 
interest basis and in the same Specified Currency as the relevant Notes, the 
Calculation Agent shall be entitled (but not obliged) to appoint and request that 
an Independent Adviser shall determine an appropriate alternative Original 
Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser so determines such alternative 
Original Rate or screen rate (as the case may be), then such alternative 
Original Rate or screen rate (as the case may be) shall subsequently be used 
for determining the relevant rate of interest for such Notes in place of the 
originally specified Original Rate or screen rate (the "Alternative Rate").  
As part of such substitution, the Calculation Agent will, after consultation with the Issuer, make 
such adjustments to the Substitute Rate or Alternative Rate thereon, as well as the Business Day 
Convention, Interest Determination Dates and related provisions and definitions, in each case that are 
consistent with accepted market practice for the use of such Substitute Rate or Alternative Rate or the 
Adjustment Spread for debt obligations such as such Notes. 
If any Substitute Rate or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4.k) and the Independent Adviser or the Calculation Agent determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Substitute Rate 
or Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread (if any) (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) 
and (ii) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 13, vary these Conditions to the extent needed to give effect to

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
 
such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. For the avoidance of 
doubt, each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Substitute Rate or Alternative Rate and 
the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) pursuant to this paragraph. For the 
avoidance of doubt, and in connection with any such variation in accordance with this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed 
or admitted to trading. 
If no successor, replacement or alternative Original Rate or screen rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this provision, then the Calculation Agent will, after consultation with the Issuer, 
determine, at its discretion, either: 
(i) 
that the Issuer shall redeem the Notes by giving notice in accordance with Condition 
13, in which case the Issuer shall redeem the Notes and cause to be paid to each 
Noteholder in respect of each Notes held by it an amount equal to the Early Redemption 
Amount at Fair Market Value; or  
(ii) 
the original Original Rate or screen rate (as applicable) will continue to apply, based on 
the last available rate. 
“Adjustment Spread” means that if the Independent Adviser or the Calculation Agent 
determines that (i) an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Substitute Rate or the 
Alternative Rate and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Substitute Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate 
of Interest (or a relevant component thereof) by reference to such Substitute Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable). 
“Benchmark Event” means:  
(a) 
the Original Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; or  
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Rate that it will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Rate permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Rate); or  
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Rate, that the 
Original Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or that its use will be subject to restrictions which would not allow its further 
use in respect of the Notes; or  
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Rate that, in 
the view of such supervisor, such Original Rate is no longer representative of an 
underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Original Rate has materially 
changed; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, any other party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder or holder of Coupons or Receipts using the Original Rate; or  
(g) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 of 
the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”) of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish the 
Original Rate has been adopted.  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent leading bank or financial institution of 
international repute engaged in the interbank market or an independent adviser of recognized 
standing and with appropriate expertise, that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent, appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.k), no Substitute Rate or Alternative 
Rate or Adjustment Spread thereon will be adopted, nor will any other amendment to the Conditions of

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
 
any Series of Notes be made if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could 
reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the relevant Series of Notes as Tier 2 capital. 
l) 
Linear Interpolation: 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Fiscal 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Fiscal Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
a) 
Scheduled Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed (with the prior consent of the Regulator in accordance with and 
subject to articles 77 and 78 of the CRR), purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5, 
each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms at its 
Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount). 
b) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: 
(i) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, 
the Early Redemption Amount of which is not linked to an index and/or a 
formula, upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5.c) or 5.f) with 
the prior consent of the Regulator in accordance with and subject to articles 77 
and 78 of the CRR or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in 
Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided 
below) of such Note unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the Amortised Face 
Amount of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of 
such Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as 
a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown hereon, 
shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the 
issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the 
Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 5.c) or 5.e) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub‑paragraph (ii) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note 
becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue 
to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless 
the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount 
due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in 
accordance with Conditions 4.a) and d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown hereon. 
c) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, (but subject 
to the prior consent thereto having been obtained from the Regulator in accordance with and subject to

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
articles 77 and 78 of the CRR and subject to compliance with Regulatory Procedures (in each case, if 
and to the extent so required by the Applicable Banking Regulations)), on any Interest Payment Date 
(if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (which, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes shall be provided in Condition 5.b) above together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption), if as a result of a change in law 
or regulations of Luxembourg (or in the official application of such laws or regulations) or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application of 
such laws or regulations which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date, 
which change the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Regulator was material and was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date: 
(i) 
the Issuer has or would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 7, and (B) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer 
taking reasonable measures available to it; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in respect of any payments in 
computing its taxation liabilities or the amount of the deduction would be materially 
reduced, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or would not 
be entitled to claim a deduction were a payment in respect of the Notes then due and (ii) without 
a prior approval of the Regulator in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations, all in 
accordance with, and subject to, articles 77 and 78 of the CRR. Before the publication of any 
notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the 
right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: 
If Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms (the details of which will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), the Issuer may with the prior consent of the Regulator in accordance with 
and subject to articles 77 and 78 of the CRR and subject to compliance with Regulatory Procedures (in 
each case, if and to the extent so required by the Applicable Banking Regulations), on giving not less 
than 15 nor more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) redeem all or, if so 
provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of Notes shall 
be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with any accrued but unpaid interest to the date fixed 
for redemption. If Minimum Redemption Amount and Maximum Redemption Amount are specified as 
applicable hereon, any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least 
equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Bearer Notes or, in the case of Registered Notes, shall specify the nominal amount of 
Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes to be redeemed which shall have 
been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, 
taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and stock 
exchange requirements. 
e) 
Capital Event Redemption 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, (but subject 
to the prior consent thereto having been obtained from the Regulator in accordance with and subject to 
articles 77 and 78 of the CRR and subject to compliance with Regulatory Procedures (in each case, if 
and to the extent so required by the Applicable Banking Regulations)), on any Interest Payment Date 
(if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (which, in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, shall be as provided in Condition 5.b) above) (together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest to the date fixed for redemption) if, there is a change (or a pending 
change which the Regulator considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the 
Notes that occurs on or after the Issue Date that the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the 
Regulator was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date, that would be likely to result in the 
exclusion of the Notes, in whole or part, from own funds or their reclassification, in whole or part, as a 
lower quality form of own funds (a "Capital Event"). Before the publication of any notice of redemption 
pursuant to a Capital Event, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer stating that a Capital Event has occurred and the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption. 
f) 
Purchases: 
In addition to Notes or Coupons purchased in the ordinary course of dealing in securities on 
behalf of third parties, the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may with the prior consent of the Regulator 
( in accordance with and subject to articles 77 and 78 of the CRR and the Applicable Banking 
Regulations) purchase Notes (provided that all Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price in accordance 
with applicable law  (including the Applicable Banking Regulations), if any. The Notes so purchased, 
while held by or on behalf of the Issuer shall not entitle the holder to vote at any meetings of the 
Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at 
meetings of the Noteholders or for the purposes of Condition 10.a). The Issuer undertakes to procure 
that any Subsidiary which holds any Notes as principal, will not exercise its right to vote in any meeting 
of the Noteholders in respect of such Notes provided that the Issuer and such Subsidiary may vote in 
favour of a resolution requiring the unanimous consent of a Masse Meeting (as defined in Condition 10) 
when all other Noteholders have voted or will vote in favour of that resolution. "Subsidiary" means any 
company 50 per cent. or more of the equity share capital of which is owned directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer. Such Notes may be reissued or resold by the Issuer or its Subsidiaries. 
g) 
Cancellation: 
All Notes that are redeemed shall be cancelled forthwith (together with all Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith) and accordingly may not be reissued 
or resold. 
h) 
Repayment obligation 
Any redemption or repurchase of Notes before their Maturity Date requires the prior consent of 
the Regulator. Any amounts received in connection with a redemption or repayment of Notes in relation 
to which the prior consent of the Regulator has not been obtained, must be promptly returned to the 
Issuer, notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary and unless otherwise consented by the 
Regulator. 
i) 
Defined Terms 
In this Condition, 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" mean the CRR, the CRD Directive, the Financial Sector 
Law, the Resolution Law, the CSSF Regulation N°18-03 on the implementation of certain 
discretions of the CRR, any laws, regulations or acts implementing CRD Directive and BRRD 
and any delegated or implementing acts (such as regulatory technical standards) adopted by 
the European Commission and applicable to the Bank and, at any time, the laws, regulations, 
circular letters and other requirements, standards, guidelines and policies relating to capital 
adequacy for credit institutions of either (i) the Regulator and/or (ii) any other national or 
European authority, in each case then in effect in Luxembourg (or in such other jurisdiction in 
which the Issuer may have its home member state as defined in the CRR, the CRD Directive, 
the BRRD, the Resolution Law and the Financial Sector Law ("Home Member State")) and 
applicable to the Issuer. 
"CRD" means the legislative package consisting of the CRD Directive and the CRR. 
"CRD Directive" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the 
activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment 
firms of the European Parliament, as the same may be amended (including Directive (EU) 
2019/878) or replaced from time to time.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as the 
same may be amended (including Regulation (EU) 2019/876) or replaced from time to time.  
"Financial Sector Law" means the Luxembourg law of 5 April 1993 on the financial sector, as 
amended. 
"Group" means prudential consolidated group of which the Issuer is the parent entity. 
"own funds" has the meaning given to it in the CRR. 
"Regulator" means the European Central Bank, the European Banking Authority, the Single 
Resolution Board, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") or such 
other authority which assumes or performs the functions, as at the Issue Date, performed by 
such authority or such other or successor authority exercising primary supervisory authority 
with respect to prudential matters in relation to the Issuer. 
"Regulatory Procedures" means in respect of any redemption of the Notes: 
(i) 
on or before such redemption of the Notes, the Issuer or any member of the Group 
replaces the Notes with own funds instruments of an equal or higher quality on terms 
that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Regulator that the own funds of 
the Group would, following such redemption, exceed its minimum capital requirements 
(including any capital buffer requirements) as set out in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Regulator may consider necessary on the basis set out 
in CRD for it to determine the appropriate level of capital of an institution.  
(iii) 
"Resolution Law" means the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 on the default of 
credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended. 
6. 
Payments and Talons 
a) 
Bearer Notes: 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, 
be made against presentation and surrender of the Notes (in the case of payments of principal and, in 
the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6.f)(v)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 6.f)(v)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, 
by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with a Bank. "Bank" means a bank in the 
principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of EUR, in a city in which banks have access 
to the TARGET System. 
b) 
Registered Notes: 
(i) 
Payments of principal in respect of Registered Notes shall be made against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Registered Note Certificates at the 
specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or of the Registrar and in the 
manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Interest on Registered Notes shall be paid to the persons shown on the 
Register at the close of business on the record date which is the Clearing 
System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment (where 
“Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive except 
25 December and 1 January) (the "Record Date"). Payments of interest on 
each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency in which such 
payments are due by cheque drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to 
the first named of joint holders) of such Note at its address appearing in the 
Register. Upon application by the holder to the specified office of the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may 
be made by transfer to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the 
payee with a Bank. 
c) 
Payments in the United States: 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments 
in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 
same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in 
full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: 
All payments are subject in all cases to any (i) applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer and the Issuer will 
not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, 
directives or agreements), but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, (ii) withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 
of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto 
and (iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code ("871(m) 
Withholding"). In addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to 
any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend equivalent” 
(as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments 
regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under 
applicable law. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in 
respect of such payments. 
Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities 
may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 
70%.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, 
and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in 
Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
e) 
Appointment of Agents: 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrars, the Transfer Agents and any Calculation 
Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal 
Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrars, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any 
Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, any Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the 
Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, 
(iii) a Transfer Agent in relation to Registered Notes in Luxembourg, (iv) one or more Calculation 
Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (v) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two 
major European cities, and (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other stock 
exchange on which the Notes may be listed Notice of any such termination or appointment and of any 
change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts will be given in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
f) 
Unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Upon the due date for redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate 
Notes (other than Dual Currency Notes or Index Linked Notes) should be 
surrendered for payment together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating 
thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of 
principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the 
Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the manner

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of 
ten years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or 
not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 8). 
(ii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating 
Rate Note, Dual Currency Interest Note or Index Linked Note, unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged Talon 
relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are 
to become void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented 
for redemption without all unmatured Coupons and where any Bearer Note is 
presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
Issuer may require. 
(v) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of 
interest, interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest 
or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be 
payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant 
Bearer Note or Registered Note Certificate representing it, as the case may 
be. 
Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be 
payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or 
Registered Note Certificate representing it, as the case may be. 
g) 
Talons: 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet 
issued in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet (where applicable 
to the relevant Series of Notes) may be surrendered at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in 
exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but 
excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 8). 
h) 
Non-Business Days: 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in 
respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Additional Financial 
Centres" hereon and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than EUR) where payment is to 
be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant 
currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the 
relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in EUR) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments of interest in respect of the Notes or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of Luxembourg or any political sub-division or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders 
of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been 
required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
a) 
Other Connection:

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason 
of his having some connection with Luxembourg other than the mere holding of the 
Note or Coupon; 
b) 
Lawful avoidance of withholding: 
presented (or in respect of which the Registered Note Certificate representing it is 
presented) for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent 
that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting 
it for payment on the thirtieth such day assuming that day to have been a “business 
day” for the purposes of Condition 6.h); or 
c) 
FATCA and 871(m) withholding: 
where such withholding or deduction is required (a) by an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, or (b) 
pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code. 
As used in these Conditions, "Relevant Date" in respect of any Note or Coupon means the 
date on which payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is 
improperly withheld or refused the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or 
(if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon 
further presentation of the Note (or relative Registered Note Certificate) or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation. References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include 
any premium payable in respect of the Notes, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, 
Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 
5 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts 
and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) 
"principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable 
under this Condition. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and Coupons (which for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years 
(in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them. 
9. 
Enforcement 
a) 
Winding Up: 
The holder of any Note may give written notice to the Fiscal Agent at its specified office that 
such Note is due and payable, whereupon the Final Redemption Amount of such Note together with 
accrued interest to the date of payment shall become immediately due and payable if an order is made 
or an effective resolution is passed for the Liquidation of the Issuer in Luxembourg (or such other 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer may be organised). 
b) 
Non-Payment: 
If the Issuer does not make payment for a period of seven days or more after the due date for 
the payment of principal or for a period of 14 days or more after an Interest Payment Date, for the 
payment of interest due in respect of any of the Notes on such Interest Payment Date, any Noteholder 
may ask the relevant authorities to institute proceedings in Luxembourg (but not elsewhere) in 
accordance with Part II of the Resolution Law for the Liquidation of the Issuer. 
Although the relevant authorities may take into account a request from a Noteholder to institute 
proceedings in Luxembourg for the Liquidation of the Issuer, they are not in any way bound to do so 
following the receipt of such a request or on any other basis. In determining whether to institute any 
such proceeding against the Issuer, the relevant authorities will act solely on the basis of their own 
discretion and in accordance with Luxembourg law. Subject to such request from a Noteholder as 
described in this Condition 9.b), a Noteholder shall not be able to take proceedings for the Liquidation 
of the Issuer.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
c) 
Breach of Other Obligations: 
To the extent permitted by applicable law and by these Conditions, a Noteholder may at its 
discretion institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, 
condition, undertaking or provision binding on the Issuer under the Notes or the Coupons (other than 
any payment obligation of the Issuer under or arising from the Notes or the Coupons, including, without 
limitation, payment of any principal or interest; provided always that such Noteholder shall not enforce, 
and shall not be entitled to enforce or otherwise claim, against the Issuer any judgment or other award 
given in such proceedings that requires the payment of money by the Issuer, whether by way of 
damages or otherwise, except by proving in a Liquidation of the Issuer). 
d) 
Other Remedies: 
No remedy against the Issuer other than the institution of the proceedings referred to in 
Conditions 9.b) or c) and the proving or claiming in any Liquidation of the Issuer, shall be available to 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the 
Notes or the Coupons or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any other obligation, condition or 
provision binding on it under the Notes or the Coupons. This is without prejudice to any liability of the 
Issuer vis-à-vis a Noteholder or Couponholder if and to the extent damage is caused as a result of gross 
negligence or wilful default on the part of the Issuer in performing its obligations under these Conditions. 
10. 
Meeting of Noteholders, Modifications and Substitution 
a) 
Meetings of Noteholders and Representation: 
Noteholders will belong to a masse (the "Masse") created, among other things, for the 
representation of their common interests pursuant to the provisions of the law of 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended (loi de 10 août 1915 concernant les sociétés commerciales, telle 
qu'elle a été modifiée) (the "Luxembourg Company Law"). The discussion below is based on the 
Luxembourg Company Law in effect on the Issue Date. Any subsequent amendments to the relevant 
provisions of the Luxembourg Company Law may amend or modify the discussion below. A general 
meeting of the Noteholders (the "Masse Meeting") may appoint and determine the powers of one or 
more representatives (the "Representatives"). Where Representatives have been appointed, 
Noteholders may no longer individually exercise their rights against the Issuer. A Masse Meeting may 
be called at any time by the Representatives (if any) or the Board of Directors of the Issuer. The 
Representatives, provided an advance on expenses has been paid to them, or the Board of Directors 
must convene the Masse Meeting if called upon to do so by holders of Notes representing 5 per cent. 
or more of the Notes outstanding. All Masse Meetings shall be held at the place specified in the notice 
calling the meeting and such notice shall contain the agenda. The convening notices for Masse 
Meetings shall take the form of announcements filed with the register of commerce and companies and 
published in the central electronic platform of official publication for companies and associations 
(Recueil électronique des sociétés et associations) and in a Luxembourg newspaper at least fifteen 
days before the Masse Meeting. The convening notices shall be also communicated to the Noteholders 
holding their Notes under registered form at least eight days before the Masse Meeting,  by post unless 
the addressees have individually agreed to receive the convening notices by way of another means of 
communication, and no evidence of compliance with such formality needs to be given. In case all the 
Notes have been issued under registered form, convening notices for Masse Meetings may be made 
by registered letters only (or any other mean of communication individually accepted by a Noteholder) 
that need to be received at least eight days prior to the Masse Meeting by the Noteholders.  
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have gained knowledge of the contents of any 
notice given to the Noteholders. All Noteholders have the right to attend and vote at the Masse Meeting 
either personally or by proxy. The voting rights attached to the Notes are equal to the proportion of the 
amount of the outstanding Notes represented by the amount of the Note or Notes held by the relevant 
holder. A Masse Meeting may be called in the event of a merger involving the Issuer, may approve 
certain changes in the rights of the Noteholders and may, generally, determine any measures designed 
to ensure the defence of interests or the exercise of the rights of the Noteholders in accordance with 
the provisions of the Luxembourg Company Law. A Masse Meeting may deliberate validly without a 
quorum and by vote of a simple majority of Noteholders attending or represented at such Masse 
Meeting on the appointment and revocation of the Representatives, the revocation of special 
representatives appointed by the Issuer and the approval of any measures of a conservatory nature in 
the general interests of the Noteholders. On all other matters, the Masse Meeting may deliberate validly 
on first convocation only if Noteholders present or represented hold at least 50 per cent. of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation no quorum is required. Decisions at such meetings shall be 
taken by a majority of 66⅔ per cent. of the votes cast by Noteholders attending such meetings or

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
 
represented thereat. Votes cast shall not include votes attaching to Notes in respect of which the 
Noteholder has not taken part in the vote or has abstained or has returned a blank or invalid vote. 
These Conditions may be amended, modified, or varied in relation to any Series of Notes by the terms 
of the applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to such Series. 
b) 
Modification of Agency Agreement: 
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach 
or proposed breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement, if to do so could not 
reasonably be expected to be prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or any modification which 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error. 
c) 
Substitution: 
Subject to the provisions of this Condition the Noteholders and the Couponholders by 
subscribing to or purchasing any Notes or Coupons, expressly consent to the Issuer, or any previous 
substituted company, at any time provided the prior approval of the Regulator is obtained in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations, substituting for itself as principal debtor under the Notes, the 
Coupons and the Talons any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the successor company of the Issuer or jointly 
and severally one or more companies to whom the Issuer has transferred all of its assets and business 
undertakings (in each case the "Substitute") provided that no payment in respect of the Notes, or the 
Coupons is at the relevant time overdue, no steps have been taken to admit the Issuer to a regime of 
suspension of payments (sursis de paiement) and (except in the case of a solvent reorganisation or 
amalgamation) no order has been made or resolution passed for the Liquidation  of the Issuer. Such 
substitution effected in accordance with this Condition will release the Issuer or any previous substituted 
company and the Noteholders and Couponholders expressly consent hereto. The substitution shall be 
made by a written undertaking (the "Undertaking") to be substantially in the form scheduled to the 
Agency Agreement as Schedule 9B and may take place only if (i) the Substitute shall, by means of the 
Undertaking, agree to indemnify each Noteholder and Couponholder against any tax, duty, assessment, 
withholding, deduction or governmental charge which is imposed on it by (or by any taxing authority in 
or of) the jurisdiction of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its 
incorporation with respect to any Note, Coupon, Talon or the Undertaking and which would not have 
been so imposed had the substitution not been made, as well as against any tax duty, assessment or 
governmental charge, and any cost or expense, relating to the substitution; (ii) if the Substitute is a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, the obligations of the Substitute under the Undertaking, the Notes and the 
Coupons shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed (subordinated to the same extent as set 
out in Condition 3)) by the Issuer or its successor or each of the companies to whom together the Issuer 
has transferred all of its assets and business undertakings (each a "Guarantor") (which shall be the 
same basis in respect of which Notes originally issued by the Issuer were subordinated) by means of a 
guarantee substantially in the form contained in the Undertaking (the "Guarantee"); (iii) all action, 
conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining of any necessary 
consents) to ensure that the Undertaking, the Notes, Coupons and Talons, represent valid, legally 
binding and enforceable obligations of the Substitute and in the case of the Guarantee of the Guarantor 
have been taken, fulfilled and done and are in full force and effect; (iv) the Substitute shall have become 
party to the Agency Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an 
original party to it; (v) the Issuer shall have made available at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent 
and the Paying Agent a certificate signed by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the preceding 
conditions of this Condition 10.c) and the other matters specified in the Undertaking have been fulfilled; 
(vi) if at the time the Notes are rated by a rating agency, the substitution does not affect adversely any 
such rating by such rating agency and (vii) the Issuer shall have given at least 30 days' prior notice of 
such substitution to the Noteholders, to be published in accordance with Condition 13 stating that 
copies, or pending execution the agreed text, of all documents in relation to the substitution which are 
referred to above, or which might otherwise reasonably be regarded as material to Noteholders, will be 
available for inspection at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. References in Condition 9 
to obligations under the Notes shall be deemed to include obligations under the Undertaking, and, 
where the Undertaking contains a Guarantee, the Guarantee shall contain rights of enforcement in the 
same terms as Condition 9 relating to the Guarantor and its obligations under the Guarantee. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Registered Note Certificates, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Registered Note Certificate, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, 
at the specified office of a Fiscal Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or Talons) and of the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Note Certificates) or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent,

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
 
as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice 
of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and 
costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which 
may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note, Registered Note Certificate, 
Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for 
further Coupons, there shall be paid to the issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of such Notes, Registered Note Certificates, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as 
the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Registered Note Certificates, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Further Issues 
Subject to the prior consent of the Regulator (if so required), the Issuer may from time to time 
without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders create and issue further notes having the 
same terms and conditions as the Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, references in these 
Conditions to "Issue Date" shall be to the first issue date of the Notes) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with such Notes, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
13. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses 
in the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing and for so long as the Registered Notes are listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, such 
notices shall in addition be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) or as otherwise required by the rules of that exchange. Notices to the holders of Bearer 
Notes shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (which is 
expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) except that for so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, such notices shall be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or as otherwise required 
by the rules of that exchange. If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if 
published in another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once or on different dates on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have gained knowledge of the contents of 
any notice given to the holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
14. 
Currency Indemnity 
Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than the currency in which payment 
under the relevant Note or Coupon is due (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment 
or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any 
Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only 
constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the amount in the currency of payment under the 
relevant Note or Coupon that the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered 
in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that 
purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If the amount received or 
recovered is less than the amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Note or Coupon, the 
Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall 
indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this 
Condition, it shall be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate 
that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a 
separate and independent obligation from the Issuer's other obligations, shall give rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder 
or Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or 
proof for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Note or Coupon or any other 
judgment or order. 
15. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
a) 
Governing Law:

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of 
Luxembourg. 
b) 
Jurisdiction: 
The courts of Luxembourg are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Coupons or Talons ("Proceedings") may be brought in 
such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of Luxembourg and waives 
any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit of 
each of the holders of the Notes, Coupons and Talons.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
The following is the text of the General Conditions of the Warrants that, subject to completion 
of the applicable Final Terms in accordance with the Terms set out in the applicable Final Terms or in 
the case of Exempt Warrants only as completed, amended, supplemented, or varied by the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, shall be applicable to the Warrants. Either (i) the full text of these General 
Conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms for the Warrants or (ii) in the case 
of Exempt Warrants, these General Conditions as so completed, amended, supplemented or varied by 
the applicable Pricing Supplement (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on Warrants issued in definitive form. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any Warrant in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply 
to the Warrants were they in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Warrants while in Global Form" below. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these 
General Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement for the Warrants. References in these Conditions to "Warrants" are to the Warrants of one 
Series only, not to all Warrants that may be issued under the Programme. 
Warrants issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Warrants. If the Warrant issued under the 
Programme is a Warrant which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation (an "Exempt Warrant"), the final terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the General 
Conditions, replace or modify the General Conditions for the purposes of this Warrant.  Any reference 
in the General Conditions to "applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to 
"applicable Pricing Supplement" where relevant. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Each Tranche is the subject of a set of Final Terms ("Final Terms") which supplements these 
General Conditions (the "Terms"). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of 
Warrants are the Terms as set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the General Conditions and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms shall 
prevail. Expressions used herein and not defined shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms. 
References in these General Conditions to "Calculation Agent" are to the Calculation Agent (if any) 
appointed in relation to the Warrants and specified in the Terms. 
1. 
Form and Title 
a) 
Form 
The Warrants are issued in bearer form. 
b) 
Title 
Title to the Warrants shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Warrant shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for 
so treating such holders. 
In these General Conditions, "Warrantholder" and "holder" mean the bearer of any Warrant. 
2. 
Status 
The Warrants represent unsubordinated and unsecured contractual obligations of the Issuer. 
The Warrants rank equally among themselves and, save for such exceptions as may be provided by 
applicable legislation, pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Subject to the application of the Resolution Law and the SRM Regulation, notwithstanding and to the 
exclusion of any other term of the Warrants or any other agreements, arrangements, or understanding 
between the Issuer and any holder, by its acquisition of the Warrants, each holder (which, for the 
purposes of this clause, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Warrants) acknowledges 
and accepts that any amount due arising under the Warrants may be subject to the exercise of any 
write-down or conversion powers in accordance with Article 48 of the BRRD and Article 49 of the 
Resolution Law, and acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees to be bound by:

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
(i) 
the effect of the exercise of any write-down or conversion powers by the relevant 
resolution authority, which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or 
some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction or cancellation of all, or a portion, of the amounts due; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the amounts due on the Warrants into 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or 
obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of 
the terms of the Warrants; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the Warrants; and 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the provisions of the Warrants by which the 
Warrants have no maturity or the amendment of the amount of interest payable 
on the Warrants, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including 
by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
the variation of the terms of the Warrants, as deemed necessary by the relevant 
resolution authority, to give effect to the exercise of any write-down or conversion 
powers by the relevant resolution authority. 
3. 
Exercise Rights 
a) 
Exercise Period—American Style Warrants 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Warrants 
designated in the applicable Final Terms as "American Style" ("American Style Warrants") are 
exercisable on any Business Day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, during the period from, 
but excluding, the Issue Date (and, as the case may be, if different from the Issue Date, the First 
Exercise Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms) to and including the Final Exercise Date (such 
period, the "Exercise Period") subject to prior termination of the Warrants as provided in Condition 5, 
Condition 6 and Condition 7. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, American Style 
Warrants with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 4.a)) has been delivered in 
the manner set out in Condition 4.a), at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg time) on the Final Exercise 
Date and which in the determination of the Calculation Agent is "In-The-Money", shall be exercised by 
the Calculation Agent on behalf of the relevant Warrantholder on the Final Exercise Date. The 
expression "exercise", "due exercise" and related expressions shall be construed to apply to any 
American Style Warrants to which Automatic Exercise applies in accordance with this provision. 
b) 
Exercise Period—European Style Warrants 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, Warrants 
designated in the applicable Final Terms as "European Style" ("European Style Warrants") are 
exercisable on the Exercise Date or Exercise Dates (or, if such a day is not a day on which Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business (an "Exercisable Business Day"), the next 
following such day) (each an "Exercise Date", the latest such Exercise Date being the "Final Exercise 
Date") subject to prior termination of the Warrants as provided in Condition 5, Condition 6 and Condition 
7. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any European Style 
Warrant which in the determination of the Calculation Agent is "In-The-Money" on an Exercise Date, 
shall be automatically exercised by the Calculation Agent on behalf of the Warrantholders on such 
Exercise Date and the provisions of Condition 4 shall apply. The expression "exercise", "due exercise" 
and related expressions shall be construed to apply to any European Style Warrants to which Automatic 
Exercise applies in accordance with this provision. 
c) 
Entitlement 
The rights attaching to each Warrant on exercise will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
d) 
Failure to Exercise 
Unless Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any Warrant with respect 
to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered to the Issuer in the manner set out in Condition 4, at or 
prior to 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg time) on the relevant Final Exercise Date shall become void.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
 
e) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 3, "In-The-Money" means: 
(i) 
in the case of a Warrant to which cash settlement applies, the Cash Settlement 
Amount (as defined in Condition 4.b)) is greater than zero; and 
(ii) 
in the case of a Warrant to which physical settlement applies, the Assessed 
Value Payment Amount (as defined in Condition 6.e) is greater than zero, 
in each case in the determination of the Calculation Agent. 
4. 
Exercise Procedure 
a) 
Exercise Notice 
Unless Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Warrant may be 
exercised by presentation and surrender of such Warrant together with a duly completed exercise notice 
in writing (copies of which may be obtained from the specified office of the Issuer) (an "Exercise 
Notice") to the Issuer at its specified office (1) (in the case of American Style Warrants) not later than 
10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg time) on any Business Day (the "Exercise Date") during the Exercise Period 
or (2) (in the case of European Style Warrants) at any time after 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg time) on the 
Exercisable Business Day immediately preceding the relevant Exercise Date but not later than 10.00 
a.m. (Luxembourg time) on the relevant Exercise Date: 
(i) 
specifying the number of Warrants being exercised; 
(ii) 
including an irrevocable undertaking to pay any applicable stamp duty, stamp 
duty reserve tax and/or other similar taxes or duties due by reason of the 
exercise of Warrants by such Warrantholder and an authorisation to the Issuer 
to deduct any such taxes or duties from the Cash Settlement Amount or Early 
Cancellation Amount, as the case may be, or any other amount payable by the 
Issuer in connection with the exercise of such Warrants (such taxes, duties or 
other amount payable, the "Warrantholder Expenses") and/or to debit a 
specified account with the Issuer in respect of such Warrantholder Expenses;  
(iii) 
in the case of Physical Settlement, irrevocably instructing the Issuer to debit 
on the Exercise Date a specified account with the Issuer with the aggregate 
amount of the Exercise Prices in respect of the Warrants being exercised 
(together with any other amounts payable);  
(iv) 
specifying the number of the account with the Issuer to be credited with any 
Cash Settlement Amount and any Early Cancellation Amount and any 
dividends payable pursuant to Condition 4.h);  
(v) 
including the account details and/or name and address of any person into 
whose name evidence of the Share Amount is to be registered and/or any 
bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing title are to be delivered;  
(vi) 
certifying that such Warrants are not being exercised by or on behalf of any 
U.S. persons, that payment or delivery with respect to duly exercised Warrants 
will not be made to, or for the account of, a U.S. person and that none of such 
Warrants was purchased by the holder in the United States; and  
(vii) 
authorising the production of such certification in applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings. 
b) 
Cash Settlement 
(i) 
Index Linked Warrants 
For each Warrant that is designated in the applicable Final Terms as relating 
to an Index (an "Index Linked Warrant"), the Issuer shall pay the Cash 
Settlement Amount less any Warrantholder Expenses (as defined in Condition 
4.a)(ii)) which the Issuer is authorised to deduct, in accordance with Condition 
11 on the Settlement Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The "Cash Settlement Amount" in respect of each Call Index Linked Warrant 
is an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
1
Initial
Index
Final
Index
− 
provided that the Cash Settlement Amount shall not be less than zero. 
(ii) 
ETF Linked Warrants 
For each Warrant that is designated in the applicable Final Terms as relating 
to an exchange traded fund share or unit (an "ETF Linked Warrant") and 
where Cash Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer shall pay the Cash Settlement Amount less any Warrantholder 
Expenses (as defined in Condition 4.a)(ii)) which the Issuer is authorised to 
deduct, in accordance with Condition 11 on the Settlement Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The "Cash Settlement Amount" in respect of: 
(x) 
each Warrant designated in the applicable Final Terms as a Call ETF 
Linked Warrant is an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
1
Price
 
Closing
Price
 
Final
−
; and 
(y) 
each Warrant designated in the applicable Final Terms as a Put ETF 
Linked Warrant is an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as 
follows: 
Price
 
Closing
Price
 
Final
 - 
Price
 
Strike
 
provided that, in the case of (x) and (y) above, the Cash Settlement Amount 
shall not be less than zero. 
(iii) 
Notional 
For the purpose of sub-paragraph (i) and (ii) above, each Warrant shall be 
deemed to have a notional amount ("NA") of the amount specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms and the Calculation Agent shall multiply such NA 
by the amount determined in accordance with the relevant formula above for 
the purpose of determining the Cash Settlement Amount due in respect of such 
Warrant.  
c) 
Physical Settlement 
For each Warrant that is designated in the applicable Final Terms as relating to an exchange 
traded fund share or unit (an "ETF Linked Warrant") and where Physical Settlement is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall effect Physical Settlement, subject to payment 
to it of the Exercise Price and any applicable Warrantholder Expenses (as defined in Condition 4.a)(ii)), 
and deliver or cause delivery of the Share Amount for such duly exercised Warrant on the Settlement 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, such delivery to be made at the risk of the relevant 
Warrantholder provided however that, where Cash Floor is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Underlying Performance is less than or equal to the Cash Floor Barrier Level, the 
Issuer shall pay the Cash Settlement Amount less any Warrantholder Expenses (as defined in Condition 
4.a)(ii)) which the Issuer is authorised to deduct, in accordance with Condition 11 on the Settlement 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If Automatic Exercise and Cash Floor are each specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms, American Style Warrants with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 4.a)) 
has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 4.a), at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg time) 
on the Final Exercise Date shall be exercised by the Calculation Agent on behalf of the relevant 
Warrantholder on the Final Exercise Date and the Cash Settlement Amount paid in respect thereof.  
The "Share Amount" in respect of each ETF Linked Warrant is a fraction of ETF Shares 
calculated in accordance with the following:

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
Parity
1
 
"Parity" is the number of Warrants required for the delivery of one ETF Share to the relevant 
Warrantholder and will be calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Underlying Option Price (expressed as percentage) multiplied by the Closing Price divided by 
the Issue Price. 
The Parity will be determined by the Calculation Agent and notified to Warrantholders on the 
Initial Valuation Date in accordance with Condition 15. 
For the purpose of determining the Share Amount deliverable in respect of the Warrants, 
Warrants held by the same Warrantholder will be aggregated.  The aggregate Share Amount(s) to be 
delivered in respect of each such aggregated holding will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of 
the ETF Share, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine.  Therefore, fractions of the 
ETF Share will not be delivered but in lieu thereof the Issuer shall pay to the Warrantholders in respect 
of their respective holding an additional amount in EUR equal to the fair market value of such fraction(s) 
in such manner as shall be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and notified to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
The Share Amount shall be delivered and evidenced in such manner as the Issuer determines 
to be customary for the ETF Shares or in such other commercially reasonable manner as the Issuer 
shall determine to be appropriate for such delivery. The Issuer shall be under no obligation to register 
or procure the registration of any Warrantholder or any other person as the registered shareholder in 
respect of the ETF Shares comprised in any Share Amount in the register of members of the ETF 
Issuer.  
d) 
Determination 
For the purpose of determining the Share Amount deliverable in respect of the Warrants or (as 
the case may be), the Cash Settlement Amount (where Cash Floor is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), each Warrant shall be deemed to have a notional amount ("NA") of the amount 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and the Calculation Agent shall multiply such NA by the 
amount determined in accordance with the relevant formula above for the purpose of determining the 
Share Amount or (as the case may be) the Cash Settlement Amount due in respect of such Warrant. 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form and 
accompanied by the correct Warrants shall be made by the Issuer and shall be conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent (if any) and the Warrantholder. Any Exercise Notice so determined 
to be incomplete or not in proper form shall be void. If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected 
to the satisfaction of the Issuer, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time 
the correction is delivered. 
e) 
Effect of Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice together with the surrender of one or more Warrants shall 
constitute an irrevocable election and undertaking by the relevant Warrantholder to exercise the 
Warrants so delivered and surrendered and specified in the Exercise Notice in the manner specified in 
the Exercise Notice. 
f) 
Settlement Disruption 
If in respect of an ETF Linked Warrant and prior to delivery of the Share Amount in respect 
thereof, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting, then the 
Settlement Date for such Warrant shall be postponed to the first following Business Day on which no 
Settlement Disruption Event is subsisting. 
For so long as delivery of any Share Amount is not practicable by reason of a Settlement 
Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof the 
Issuer may elect in its sole discretion to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant by 
payment of the Early Cancellation Amount (as defined in Condition 7) not later than on the fifth Business 
Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 15. Payment of the Early Cancellation Amount will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15. The Calculation Agent shall give notice 
as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15 that a Settlement 
Disruption Event has occurred.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
No Warrantholder or any other person shall be entitled to any payment in respect of a Warrant 
in the event of any delay in the delivery of any Share Amount relating thereto due to the occurrence of 
a Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. 
g) 
Intervening Period 
With respect to Physical Settlement, for such period of time after the Exercise Date as the 
Issuer or any person on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the legal owner of the ETF Shares 
comprising the relevant Share Amount (the "Intervening Period"), neither the Issuer nor any other such 
person shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to the relevant Warrantholder or 
any subsequent beneficial owner of such ETF Shares or any other person any letter, certificate, notice, 
circular or any other document or payment whatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the 
holder of such ETF Shares, (ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all 
rights (including voting rights) attaching to such ETF Shares during the Intervening Period or (iii) be 
under any liability to the relevant Warrantholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such ETF Shares 
or any other person in respect of any loss or damage which the relevant Warrantholder or subsequent 
beneficial owner or any other person may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of 
the Issuer or any other such person being the legal owner of such ETF Shares during such Intervening 
Period. 
h) 
Dividends 
Any dividend in respect of any Share Amount to be delivered will be payable to the party that 
would receive such dividend according to market practice for a sale of the ETF Shares executed on the 
Exercise Date and to be delivered in the same manner as such Share Amount. Any such dividend to 
be paid to a Warrantholder shall be paid to the account specified in the relevant Exercise Notice. 
i) 
Exercise and Settlement Risk 
Exercise and settlement of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and 
practices in force on the Exercise Date or Settlement Date, as the case may be, and neither the Issuer 
nor any Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions contemplated, 
after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices.  
5. 
Adjustment Provisions in relation to Index Linked Warrants 
a) 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence of (1) at any time during the one 
hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time (i) a Trading Disruption or (ii) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, or (2) an Early 
Closure. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists at any time, if a 
Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a Component Security included in the Index at any time, 
then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of such Index shall 
be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of such Index attributable to that Component 
Security and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case immediately before the occurrence of such 
Market Disruption Event. For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect 
of the Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a Component Security 
included in such Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component 
Security to the level of such Index shall be based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of such 
Index attributable to that Component Security and (ii) the overall level of the Index, in each case 
immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. The Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day would have been a 
Valuation Date. 
b) 
Adjustments to an Index 
(i) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports the Index 
If the Index is: 
(A) 
not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation 
Agent; or

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
(B) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the Index, 
then in each case that Index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed 
to be the Index. 
(ii) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of the Index 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
(A) 
on or prior to the last Valuation Date, the Index Sponsor makes or 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the 
method of calculating the Index or in any other way materially modifies 
the Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or 
method to maintain the Index in the event of changes in constituent 
stock and capitalisation, contracts or commodities and other routine 
events) (an "Index Modification"); or 
(B) 
the Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index and no Successor 
Index exists (an "Index Cancellation"); or 
(C) 
on any Valuation Date, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the 
successor sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Index (an 
"Index Disruption" and, together with an Index Modification and an 
Index Cancellation, each an "Index Adjustment Event"); 
then the Issuer may take the action in (x) or (y) below: 
(x) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine if such Index Adjustment 
Event has a material effect on the Warrants and, if so, shall calculate 
the relevant Index Level using, in lieu of a published level for the Index, 
the level for the Index as at the Valuation Time on that Valuation Date 
as determined by the Calculation Agent which will be determined in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index 
last in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only 
those Component Securities that comprised the Index immediately 
prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
(y) 
on giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15, 
cancel all but not some only of the Warrants, each Warrant being 
cancelled by payment of the Early Cancellation Amount. 
(iii) 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Issuer of any 
determination made by it pursuant to paragraph b) above and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
c) 
Correction of Index Level 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business 
Days prior to the Settlement Date, if the level of the Index published on a given day and used or to be 
used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Warrants, is subsequently corrected 
and the correction published by the Index Sponsor, Exchange or Related Exchange within one 
Settlement Cycle after the original publication, the level to be used for calculation of any relevant value 
in relation to the Warrants shall be the level of the Index as so corrected and the Calculation Agent may 
make any relevant adjustment to the Conditions or any subsequent amount payable under the Warrants 
to account therefor, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
d) 
Additional Disruption Events 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased 
Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock Borrow. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
(i) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner may either:

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, 
to be made to any of the terms of the Warrants to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment; or 
(B) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. If the Warrants are so cancelled, the 
Issuer will pay each Warrantholder the Early Cancellation Amount in 
respect of each Warrant held such Warrantholder him determined 
taking into account the Additional Disruption Event. Payments will be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 15. 
(ii) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto provided 
that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity 
of the Additional Disruption Event or the proposed action. 
e) 
Index Disclaimer 
The Warrants are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index or the Index Sponsor 
and no Index Sponsor makes any representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to 
the results to be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index stands at any 
particular time on any particular date or otherwise. No Index or Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether 
in negligence or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Index and the Index Sponsor is under no 
obligation to advise any person of any error therein. No Index Sponsor is making any representation 
whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in 
connection with the Warrants. The Issuer shall have no liability to the Warrantholders for any act or 
failure to act by the Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or maintenance of the 
Index. Neither the Issuer nor its Affiliates has any affiliation with or control over the Index or Index 
Sponsor or any control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Index. Although the 
Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Index from publicly available sources it believes 
reliable, it will not independently verify this information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or 
undertaking (express or implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its Affiliates 
or the Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information concerning the 
Index. 
f) 
Definitions 
"Affiliate"" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
"control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity or person or, if the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate, the power to direct or cause the direction of the 
management and policies of the First Entity, whether by contract, or otherwise. 
"Bloomberg Screen" shall mean, when used in connection with any designated page specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the display page so designated on the Bloomberg service (or 
such other page as may replace that page on that service, or such other service as may be 
nominated as the information vendor, in all cases for the purpose of displaying comparable 
rates in succession thereto). 
"Cash Floor Barrier Level" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms):  
(i) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or  
(ii) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority),

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
the Calculation Agent determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
that (i) it has become illegal for any Hedging Party to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant 
hedging arrangements relating to a Component Security or the relevant hedge positions relating 
to the Index and/or (ii) any Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Warrants (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax 
liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, any of 
its Affiliates or any Hedging Party). 
"Clearance System" means in respect of any security or asset comprised in the Index the 
principal domestic clearance system customarily used for setting trades in that security or asset. 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on 
which such Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a settlement disruption event, 
would have been) open for acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Closing Level" means an amount equal to the official closing level of the Index as published 
by the Index Sponsor as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Component Security" means each and any component security or asset of the Index. 
"Disrupted Day" means any day which is any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (A) the 
Exchange or the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during their regular trading session 
or (B) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant 
Exchange(s) relating to Component Securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level 
of the Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior 
to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) 
or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for 
orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the 
Valuation Time that would apply to the determination of a Closing Level on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
"Exchange" means the exchange or quotation system specified for the Index in the applicable 
Final Terms or if no such exchange or quotation system is specified for the Index in the Final 
Terms, the exchange or quotation system on which all or substantially all relevant Component 
Securities are listed (being for the avoidance of doubt, where any Component Security has 
more than one listing, the exchange or quotation system used by the relevant Index Sponsor 
for the purposes of valuing the relevant price of such Component Security) or, in each case, 
any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the Component Securities comprising the Index has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
in relation to the Component Securities comprising the Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the Exchange 
and each relevant Related Exchange (if any) in respect of the Index is open for trading during 
its regular trading session, notwithstanding the Exchange or any relevant Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values on any relevant Exchange(s) relating to 
Component Securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index or, or (B) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the 
Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Final Valuation Date in the applicable 
Final Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of determining the 
consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or a Disrupted Day 
occurring on any such day in accordance with these Conditions. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk, 
including but not limited to the currency risk, of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
with respect to the Warrants, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as determined by Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means, at any relevant time, the Issuer or any Affiliate(s) or any entity (or 
entities) providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the 
Warrants as the Issuer may select at such time. 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of Component Securities comprised in an Index that the 
Issuer deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing 
its obligations with respect to the Warrants. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and 
interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Warrants, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Hedging Party would incur a rate to borrow 
any Component Security comprised in the Index that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
"Index" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Conditions, the equity index 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Index Final" means the Index Level as of the Final Valuation Date  
"Index Initial" means the Index Level as of the Initial Valuation Date. 
"Index Level" means the Closing Level of the Index.  
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to the Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation 
and adjustments, if any, related to the Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) 
the level of the Index on a regular basis, which as of the Issue Date of the Warrants is the index 
sponsor specified for such Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of the relevant Component Security, the rate which 
the Hedging Party would have incurred to borrow such Component Security on any Relevant 
Market as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Initial Valuation Date in the applicable 
Final Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of determining the 
consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or a Disrupted Day 
occurring on any such day in accordance with these Conditions. 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any Component Securities comprised 
in the Index in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means in respect of the relevant Component Security, the lowest 
rate which the Hedging Party, after using commercially reasonable efforts, would have incurred 
to borrow such Component Security in the Relevant Market, in an amount equal to the Hedging 
Shares, as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Related Exchange" means the exchange specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such 
exchange is specified in the applicable Final Terms, each exchange or quotation system where 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for 
futures or options contracts relating to the Index, any successor to any such exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or 
options contracts relating to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation 
Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options 
contracts relating to such Index, on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Related Exchange).

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
"Relevant Market" means, for the purpose of determining any value or other amount pursuant 
to these Conditions, any relevant quotation system, exchange, dealing system, screen page, 
over-the-counter derivatives or other market which the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate for such purpose and which it may select taking into account hedging arrangements 
of the Issuer and/or its Affiliates for the Warrants. 
"Reuters Screen" shall mean, when used in connection with any designated page, specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the display page so designated on the Reuters Money Market Rate 
Services or such other services or service as may be nominated as the information vendor for 
the purpose of displaying the specific page on that service or such other page as may replace 
that page on that service or such other service, in all cases for the purpose of displaying 
comparable rates in succession thereto. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of the Exchange or an Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which the Exchange and each Related Exchange 
(if any) is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
issuing a Disrupted Day would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Cycle" means the period of Clearance System Business Days following a trade in 
the securities underlying the Index on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
Exchange or relevant Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or relevant Related Exchange or otherwise 
(a) relating to Component Securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index 
on the Exchange or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on any relevant 
Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means the Initial Valuation Date and the Final Valuation Date and otherwise 
in accordance with the above provisions or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Valuation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of eight 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a 
Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Index Level by determining the level or price 
of the Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security or asset 
comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of 
the relevant security or asset on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value for the relevant security or asset as of the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day).  
"Valuation Time" means the official close of trading on the Exchange. 
6. 
Adjustment Provisions in relation to ETF Linked Warrants 
a) 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means the occurrence or existence of (1) at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the official close of trading on the Exchange (i) a Trading Disruption 
or (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is 
material, or (2) an Early Closure.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 15 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day would have been a Valuation Date. 
b) 
Correction of ETF Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is five (5) Exchange 
Business Days prior to the Settlement Date, if the price of the ETF Share published on a given day and 
used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Warrants, is 
subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange within one Settlement 
Cycle after the original publication, the level to be used for calculation of any relevant value in relation 
to the Warrants shall be the price of the ETF Share as so corrected and the Calculation Agent may 
make any relevant adjustment to the Conditions or any subsequent amount payable under the Warrants 
to account therefor, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
c) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means in respect of ETF Shares any of the following: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant ETF Shares (unless resulting 
in a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) or a free distribution or dividend of any such ETF 
Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue;  
(ii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant ETF Shares of (A) such 
ETF Shares or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the ETF equally or proportionately with 
such payments to holders of such ETF Shares or (C) share capital or other securities of 
another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the ETF, as a result of a spin-
off or other similar transaction or (D) any other type of securities, rights or certificates or 
other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or in other consideration) at less than the 
prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv) 
a repurchase by the ETF Issuer or any of its subsidiaries of ETF Shares whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities 
or otherwise; or 
(v) 
any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative 
effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETF Shares. 
Following the declaration by the ETF Issuer of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the 
Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine 
whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value 
of the ETF Shares and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or both of 
(a) the Share Amount and/or (b) any of the other terms of the Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments 
will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relative to the relevant ETF Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. In its 
determinations of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value 
of the ETF Shares relating to any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related adjustments to the terms 
of the Warrants, the Calculation Agent may take into account any amounts of Local Taxes that would, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by an 
Offshore Investor in connection with such Potential Adjustment Event. The Calculation Agent may, but 
need not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such 
Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the ETF Shares traded on that 
options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall 
give notice as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances to (i) the Issuer, and (ii) the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15 stating the adjustment to (a) any Share Amount and/or 
(b) any of the other terms of the Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of 
the Potential Adjustment Event, provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not 
affect the validity of the Potential Adjustment Event.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
d) 
Additional Disruption Events 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased 
Cost of Hedging, Insolvency, De-Listing, Merger Event, Tender Offer, Nationalisation, and/or ETF 
Event. 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
(i) 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner may either: 
(A) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be 
made to any of the terms of the Warrants to account for the Additional 
Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(B) 
cancel the Warrants by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 16. If the Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay each 
Warrantholder the Early Cancellation Amount, in respect of each Warrant held 
by such Warrantholder determined taking into account the Additional 
Disruption Event. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
(ii) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the Issuer shall give notice as 
soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15 stating the 
occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event giving details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto provided that any failure to give, or non-receipt 
of, such notice will not affect the validity of the Additional Disruption Event or the 
proposed action. 
e) 
Definitions 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
"control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity or person or, if the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate, the power to direct or cause the direction of the 
management and policies of the First Entity, whether by contract, or otherwise. 
"Assessed Value Payment Amount" means, in respect of an ETF Linked Warrant, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be the fair market value of the ETF Shares comprised 
in the Share Amount in respect of such ETF Linked Warrant at the relevant time of 
determination of the Assessed Value Payment Amount less the applicable Warrantholder 
Expenses and Exercise Price less the cost to the Issuer and/or Affiliates of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Issuer. 
"Bloomberg Screen" shall mean, when used in connection with any designated page, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the display page so designated on the Bloomberg 
service (or such other page as may replace that page on that service, or such other service as 
may be nominated as the information vendor, in all cases for the purpose of displaying 
comparable rates in succession thereto). 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms):  
(i) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or  
(ii) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority),  
the Calculation Agent determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner that (i) it has become illegal for any Hedging Party to hold, acquire or dispose of the 
relevant hedge positions relating to the Exchange Traded Fund and/or (ii) any Hedging Party 
will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Warrants 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer any of its Affiliates or any Hedging Party).

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
"Clearance System" means in respect of any security or asset comprised in the ETF the 
principal domestic clearance system customarily used for setting trades in that security or asset 
or the ETF. 
"Clearance System Business Day" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on 
which such Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of a settlement disruption event, 
would have been) open for acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Closing Price" means the official closing price of the ETF Share quoted on the Exchange on 
the Initial Valuation Date as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent. 
"De-Listing" means, in respect of the ETF Shares, the Exchange announces that pursuant to 
the rules of such Exchange, such ETF Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) 
and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European 
Union, in a member state of the European Union). 
"Disrupted Day" means any day which is (i) any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market 
Disruption Event has occurred, or (ii) the Exchange or any Related Exchange fails to open 
during its regular trading session. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day at one 
hour prior to the earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on the 
Exchange or Related Exchange and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into 
the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time that would apply 
to the determination of a Closing Price on such Exchange Business Day. 
"ETF" means (in respect of the ETF Share) an Exchange Traded Fund. 
"ETF Event" means, in respect of the Exchange Traded Fund and/or the ETF Shares in respect 
of such Exchange Traded Fund, the occurrence or existence, at any time, in respect of such 
Exchange Traded Fund or ETF Shares, as the case may be, of any of the following, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
the Exchange Traded Fund is dissolved or the Exchange Traded Fund or ETF Shares 
cease to exist; 
(ii) 
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency or analogous 
proceedings are commenced with respect to the Exchange Traded Fund or a resolution 
is proposed for the winding up or dissolution of the Exchange Traded Fund; 
(iii) 
the Exchange Traded Fund is reclassified, consolidated, amalgamated or merged with 
another fund whose investment objective(s), risk profile and/or investment benchmark(s) 
is or are deemed by the Calculation Agent to be different from the investment 
objective(s), risk profile and/or benchmark(s) that applied to the Exchange Traded Fund 
as at the Trade Date, or a resolution or other decision is proposed to effect any such 
reclassification, consolidation, amalgamation or merger; 
(iv) 
the Exchange Traded Fund consolidates, amalgamates or merges with any other fund 
such that the Exchange Traded Fund is not the continuing entity, the Exchange Traded 
Fund changes its form or a resolution or other decision is proposed to effect any such 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or change; 
(v) 
there is a change or any announcement regarding such change that in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent is material in the investment objective(s), investment restrictions, 
investment process, investment guidelines, risk profile, or investment benchmark(s) of 
the Exchange Traded Fund (howsoever described, including the underlying type of 
assets in which the ETF invests), the information about the Exchange Traded Fund 
disclosed in the Fund Documents, any additional public statement of information 
concerning the Exchange Traded Fund or any rule, law, regulation, similar guideline or 
other document governing the activities of the Exchange Traded Fund or a resolution or 
other decision is proposed to effect any such material change;  
(vi) 
any event occurs which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the solvency or 
liquidity of the Exchange Traded Fund as well as the value of the ETF Shares, including,

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
but not limited to, any material litigation concerning the Exchange Traded Fund between 
any holders of the ETF Shares and the Exchange Traded Fund or the Exchange Traded 
Fund and any Fund Service Provider; 
(vii) 
there is any restriction under the constitution of the Exchange Traded Fund or the law of 
the jurisdiction in which the Exchange Traded Fund is incorporated that is likely to 
prevent a Hedging Party subscribing for ETF Shares or as a result of which a Hedging 
Party is likely to be required to redeem any ETF Shares; 
(viii) the activities of the Exchange Traded Fund or any Fund Service Provider are placed 
under review by its regulators for reasons of wrongdoing, breach of any rule or regulation 
or similar reason; 
(ix) 
a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the ETF (including 
by way of Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately replaced in such capacity 
by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; and/or any event occurs which 
causes, or will with the passage of time (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) cause, 
the failure of the ETF and/or any Fund Service Provider to meet or maintain any 
obligation or undertaking under the Fund Documents which failure is reasonably likely to 
have an adverse impact on the value of the ETF Shares or on the rights or remedies of 
any investor therein; 
(x) 
an Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, ETF Shares cease 
(or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason and 
are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any member state of the European Union);  
(xi) 
the ETF ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the legislation of 
its relevant jurisdiction, provided that on the relevant Issue Date, the ETF was such an 
undertaking and any such cessation would, in the sole and absolute discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, have a material adverse effect on any investor in such ETF Shares; 
(xii) 
all the shares or all the assets or substantially all the assets of the Exchange Traded 
Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
(xiii) any subscription or redemption orders with respect to the ETF Shares are not executed 
as described in the Fund Documents; 
(xiv) any suspension or delay of the calculation or publication of the net asset value of the 
Exchange Traded Fund or ETF Shares or any failure by any Fund Service Provider to 
deliver when due any relevant report detailing the net asset value of the Exchange 
Traded Fund; 
(xv) 
the increase of, or introduction by the Exchange Traded Fund of, charges for dealings in 
ETF Shares; or 
(xvi) changes in the regulatory, tax, accounting and/or another treatment applicable to the 
Exchange Traded Fund and/or which might reasonably be expected to have an 
economic, legal or regulatory impact on a holder of ETF Shares. 
"ETF Issuer" means, in respect of an Exchange Traded Fund, the entity specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the issuer of that Exchange Traded Fund. 
"ETF Share" means, in respect of an Exchange Traded Fund, the share, unit or other interest 
or unit of holding in the ETF Issuer (including, without limitation, any debt security) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Exchange" means in respect of the ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such ETF Share in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is specified, the principal 
exchange or quotation system for trading in such ETF Share, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, any successor to such Exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in the ETF Share has temporarily relocated, provided that 
the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF 
Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
"Exchange Business Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant 
Exchange and each relevant Related Exchange (if any) in respect of the ETF is open for trading 
during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (A) to 
effect transactions in, or obtain market values for ETF Shares on the Exchange, or (B) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant 
ETF Shares on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Exchange Traded Fund" means the fund that is specified in the applicable Final Terms as an 
ETF. 
"Final Price" means the official closing price of the ETF Share quoted on the Exchange on the 
Final Valuation Date as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent. 
"Final Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Final Valuation Date in the Final Terms, 
which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of determining the 
consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or a Disrupted Day 
occurring on any such day in accordance with these Conditions. 
"Fund Documents" means, in respect of an Exchange Traded Fund, the constitutive and 
governing documents of that Exchange Traded Fund, the prospectus or offering document 
relating to the Exchange Traded Fund and the ETF Shares, and any subscription or other 
agreements of the Exchange Traded Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to the 
Exchange Traded Fund, each as amended from time to time. 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of an Exchange Traded Fund, any person or entity 
from time to time appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, in respect of such 
Exchange Traded Fund, as investment advisor, manager, administrator, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, trustee, registrar, 
domiciliary agent, sponsor, general partner or transfer agent in respect of that Exchange Traded 
Fund. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price risk, 
including but not limited to the currency risk, of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Warrants, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as determined by Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means, at any relevant time, the Issuer or any Affiliate(s) or any entity (or 
entities) providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the 
Warrants as the Issuer may select at such time. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to 
hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and 
interest rate risk) of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the 
Warrants, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), 
provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Initial Valuation Date" means the date specified as the Initial Valuation Date in the applicable 
Final Terms, which shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes of determining the 
consequences of any such day not being a Scheduled Trading Day or a Disrupted Day 
occurring on any such day in accordance with these Conditions. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the ETF (i) all 
the ETF Shares of that ETF are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar 
official or (ii) holders of the ETF Shares of that ETF become legally prohibited from transferring 
them.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
 
"Local Taxes" shall mean taxes, duties and similar charges imposed by the taking authority of 
the country in which the ETF Issuer has been incorporated or in which the Exchange is located. 
"Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be 
determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such other date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of the ETF Shares, any (i) reclassification or change of such 
ETF Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such 
ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange of a ETF with or into another entity or person (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such ETF is the 
continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such ETF 
Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding ETF Shares of the ETF that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all such ETF Shares (other than such ETF Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the 
ETF or its sub-funds with or into another entity in which the ETF is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding but 
results in the outstanding ETF Shares (other than ETF Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of 
the outstanding ETF Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the Merger Date 
is on or before the relevant Settlement Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the ETF Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the ETF 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Offshore Investor" shall mean a holder of ETF Shares who is an institutional investor not 
resident in the country in which the ETF Issuer has been incorporated or in which the relevant 
Exchange is located (the "Local Jurisdiction"), for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations 
of the Local Jurisdiction and, for the avoidance of doubt, whose jurisdiction of residence (i) shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and (ii) may be the jurisdiction of a Hedging Party.  
"Related Exchange" means, each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to the EFF, any successor to any such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating 
to such ETF has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such ETF, on 
such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
"Reuters Screen" shall mean, when used in connection with any designated page, specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the display page so designated on the Reuters Money Market Rate 
Services or such other services or service as may be nominated as the information vendor for 
the purpose of displaying the specific page on that service or such other page as may be 
replace that page on that service or such other service, in all cases for the purpose of displaying 
comparable rates in succession thereto. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of the Exchange or Related Exchange and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading 
outside of the regular trading session hours. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means any day on which the Exchange and each Related Exchange 
(if any) is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event 
issuing a Disrupted Day would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Settlement Cycle" means the period of Clearance System Business Days following a trade in 
the securities underlying the ETF on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
 
"Strike Price" means the percentage of the Closing Price specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Tender Offer" means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise 
obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. 
and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the ETF, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory 
agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in relation to ETF Linked Warrants in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price 
exceeding limits permitted by the Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to 
the ETF Shares on any relevant Exchange(s) or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to 
such ETF Shares on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Underlying Performance" means an amount expressed as a percentage determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be equal to the official closing price of the ETF Share quoted on the 
Exchange on the Exercise Date as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent divided 
by the Exercise Price. 
"Underlying Option Price" is the price of the underlying option as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as of the Initial 
Valuation Date using a market standard valuation model. 
"Valuation Date" means date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then the Valuation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
eight consecutive Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Closing Price by determining the price of the 
ETF Share as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day using 
the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Scheduled Closing Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day.  
7. 
Illegality 
The Issuer shall have the right to terminate the Warrants, by giving notice to the Warrantholders 
and any Calculation Agent appointed in relation to the Warrants, if it determines in good faith that its 
performance thereunder has become unlawful in whole or in part as a result of compliance in good faith 
by the Issuer with any applicable present or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of 
any governmental, administrative or judicial authority or power ("Applicable Law"). In such 
circumstances, the Issuer will, however, if and to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, cause to be 
paid to each Warrantholder in respect of each such Warrant held by it the Early Cancellation Amount. 
The Issuer shall notify the Warrantholders of the termination in accordance with the procedure set out 
in Condition 15. Payment will be made to the Warrantholders in accordance with the procedures 
described in Condition 11 or in such other manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders.  
"Associated Costs" means, in respect of a Warrant, an amount equal to such Warrant's pro 
rata share of the total amount of any and all Costs associated or incurred by the Issuer, any 
Affiliate and/or Hedging Party (as applicable) in connection with such early cancellation, 
including, without limitation, any Costs associated with unwinding, substituting, re-establishing 
and/or incurring any funding relating to the Warrants and any Costs associated with unwinding, 
substituting, re-establishing and/or incurring any hedge positions relating to the Warrant, all as 
determined by the Issuer or, if a Calculation Agent has been appointed for the Warrants, the 
Calculation Agent. 
"Costs" means costs, losses, expenses, taxes and/or duties including any applicable 
depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue,

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties (together with any interest additions 
to tax or penalties applicable thereto and any interest in respect of such additions or penalties). 
"Early Cancellation Amount" means, in respect of a Warrant, the fair market value of such 
Warrant plus any Exercise Price paid in respect of such Warrant, less any Associated Costs, 
as determined by the Issuer or, if a Calculation Agent has been appointed for the Warrants, the 
Calculation Agent as representing the fair market value of such Warrant immediately prior to 
such termination (ignoring any such illegality, in the event of early cancellation due to illegality). 
For the purpose of determining the Early Cancellation Amount for the purpose of Condition 11, 
no account shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer which shall be presumed to be 
able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Warrants. 
8. 
Purchase by the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase Warrants at any price in the open market or by tender or 
private treaty. Any Warrants so purchased will be surrendered for cancellation and may not be reissued 
or resold. 
9. 
Minimum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
If a Minimum Exercise Number is specified in the relevant Terms, the Warrants may not be 
exercised in a number less than the Minimum Exercise Number or such multiples in which such 
Warrants may be exercised in accordance with the relevant Terms. 
10. 
Maximum Exercise of Warrants 
If Warrants are designated in the relevant Terms as "American Style" and a Maximum Exercise 
Number is specified in the relevant Terms, then if following any Exercise Date other than the Final 
Exercise Date the Issuer determines that more than the Maximum Exercise Number of Warrants (the 
"Quota") were exercised on such Exercise Date by a single Warrantholder or a group of 
Warrantholders, then the Issuer may deem the Valuation Date for the first Quota of such Warrants 
exercised by such Warrantholder or group of Warrantholders to be the originally applicable Valuation 
Date for Warrants exercised on such Exercise Date, and the Valuation Date for each additional Quota 
of Warrants (or part thereof, in the case of the last amount) exercised by such Warrantholder or group 
of Warrantholders to be the respective Valuation Dates applicable to each succeeding date following 
such Exercise Date on which such Warrants could have been exercised, until all such Warrants 
exercised on such Exercise Date by such Warrantholder or group of Warrantholders have been given 
a Valuation Date. In any case where more than the Quota of Warrants are so exercised on the same 
day by a Warrantholder or group of Warrantholders acting in concert, the order of settlement in respect 
of such Warrants shall be at the discretion of the Issuer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may, 
at any time, in its discretion, accept more than the Quota of Warrants for exercise on any Exercise Date.  
11. 
Payments 
Payments of the Cash Settlement Amount and any other amounts due in respect of the 
Warrants shall be made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Warrants at the specified 
office of the Issuer on the Settlement Date by a cheque payable in the currency in which such payment 
is due drawn on, or at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in that currency 
with, a bank in the principal financial centre for that currency; provided that, in the case of payment in 
Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, the transfer shall be to a non-resident Japanese yen account 
with an authorised foreign exchange bank. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any withholding or deduction required pursuant to (i) an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto or (ii) Section 871(m) of the Code ("871(m) Withholding"). In 
addition, in determining the amount of 871(m) Withholding imposed with respect to any amounts to be 
paid on the Warrants, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any “dividend equivalent” (as defined 
for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless 
of any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
Payments on the Warrants that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. 
securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a 
rate of 70%.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to 
receive, and the Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay 
any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
12. 
Replacement of Warrants 
If a Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Issuer or 
specified office of such agent of the Issuer as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Warrantholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Warrant is subsequently presented for exercise or payment, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand 
the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Warrants) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Warrants must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Issuer's Specified Office and the Calculation Agent 
a) 
Changes in Specified Office or Calculation Agent 
The specified office of the Issuer is set out at the foot of these General Conditions. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time to change its specified office or to vary or terminate the appointment of 
any Calculation Agent appointed for the Warrants and to appoint other or additional Calculation Agents, 
provided that there will always be a Calculation Agent (which may be the Issuer) where so required by 
the Terms. Notice of any variation or termination of appointment and of any changes in the specified 
office of the Issuer or Calculation Agent will be given to the Warrantholders in accordance with the 
procedures set out in Condition 15. The Calculation Agents are acting solely as agents of the Issuer 
and do not assume any obligations or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the 
Warrantholders. 
b) 
Calculation Agent 
All calculation functions required of the Calculation Agent under these Conditions and any 
Warrant may be delegated to any such person as the Calculation Agent, in its absolute discretion, may 
decide. 
c) 
Calculations 
The Calculation Agent shall have no responsibility for errors or omissions in any calculations 
and determinations made hereunder and all such calculations and determinations shall (save in the 
case of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the Warrantholders. 
d) 
Determinations by the Issuer 
Any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions shall (save in the case of 
manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Warrantholders. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Warrantholders to 
create and issue further Warrants so as to form a single series with the Warrants. 
15. 
Notices 
All notices to Warrantholders will be valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the Issuer's Website 
(www.bil.com) except that for so long as the Warrants are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, such notices shall be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or as otherwise required by the rules of 
that exchange. If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or 
on different dates, on the date of the first such publication.  
16. 
Taxation 
The Issuer will not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer or exercise of any Warrants.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
 
17. 
Prescription 
Claims in relation to the Warrants shall become void unless such claims are made within 10 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
"Relevant Date" means the date on which the Cash Settlement Amount or Share Amount, as 
the case may be, first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable or 
the full amount of ETF Shares, as the case may be, has not been duly received by a 
Warrantholder on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such 
moneys or of the ETF Shares having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
18. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
a) 
Governing Law: 
The Warrants, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of Luxembourg. 
b) 
Jurisdiction: 
The Courts of Luxembourg are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with any Warrants and accordingly any legal action or proceedings ("Proceedings") 
arising out of or in connection with any Warrants may be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably 
submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of Luxembourg and waives any objection to Proceedings in such 
courts whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit of each of the Warrantholders and shall 
not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) to the extent permitted by applicable law.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Form of the Notes 
1. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a temporary global note (a 
"temporary Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
"permanent Global Note" and, together with a temporary Global Note, each a "Bearer Note").  
2. 
Exchangeable Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes, specified as Exchangeable Bearer Notes in the applicable Final Terms, may 
become exchangeable for Registered Notes (as described below). 
3. 
Registered Notes – Regulation S Global Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold to persons other than U.S. persons in 
offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act will initially be represented 
by a global note in registered form (a "Regulation S Global Note").  
Initial Issue of Notes 
If the Global Notes or the Registered Note Global Certificates are stated in the applicable Final 
Terms to be issued in respect of Senior Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes and issued in NGN form 
or to be held under the NSS (as the case may be), the Global Notes or the Registered Note Global 
Certificates will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a Common 
Safekeeper. Depositing the Global Notes or the Registered Note Global Certificates with the Common 
Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
Global Notes which are issued in CGN form and Registered Note Global Certificates which are 
not held under the NSS may be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
Common Depositary. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary") or registration of Registered 
Notes in the name of any nominee for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the 
relative Registered Note Global Certificate to the Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount 
thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If the Global Note is a NGN, the nominal amount of the 
Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the 
nominal amount of Notes represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing 
system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that 
time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary or the Common Safekeeper, as 
the case may be, may also be credited to the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with 
any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other 
permitted clearing system (an "Alternative Clearing System") as the holder of a Note represented by 
a Global Note or a Registered Note Global Certificate, as the case may be, (each an “Accountholder”) 
must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System (as the 
case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or 
the holder of the Registered Note Global Certificate, as the case may be, and in relation to all other 
rights arising under the Global Note or the Registered Note Global Certificate, subject to and in 
accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such 
Alternative Clearing System. Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
 
payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Note or Registered 
Note Global Certificate, as the case may be, and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the Registered Note Global Certificate, as 
the case may be, in respect of each amount so paid.  
Exchange 
1. 
Temporary Global Notes 
Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date for interests in a permanent Global Note or, if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, 
for Definitive Notes. 
Each temporary Global Note that is also an Exchangeable Bearer Note will be exchangeable 
for Registered Notes in accordance with the Conditions in addition to any permanent Global 
Note or Definitive Notes for which it may be exchangeable and, before its Exchange Date, will 
also be exchangeable in whole or in part for Registered Notes only. 
2. 
Permanent Global Notes 
Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its 
Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided below, in part for Definitive Notes or, in the case 
of (iii) below, Registered Notes: 
(i) 
unless principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due, by the Issuer giving 
notice to the Noteholders and the Fiscal Agent of its intention to effect such exchange; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms provides that such Global Note is exchangeable at the 
request of the holder, by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for 
such exchange; 
(iii) 
if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note, by the holder giving 
notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election to exchange the whole or a part of such Global 
Note for Registered Notes; and 
(iv) 
otherwise, (1) if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact does so, (2) if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid, or assets 
in respect of any Notes are not delivered, when due by the holder giving notice to the 
Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange or (3) in such circumstances as are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The exchange of a permanent Bearer Global Note for definitive Bearer Notes upon notice from 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream (acting on the instructions of any holder) or at any time at the request of 
the Issuer should not be expressed to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms if the Bearer Notes 
are issued with a minimum Specified Denomination such as €100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency) plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount such as €1,000 (or its 
equivalent in another currency).  Furthermore, such Specified Denomination construction is not 
permitted in relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which is to be represented on issue by a temporary 
Bearer Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes. 
3. 
Registered Note Global Certificates 
If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by a permanent Registered Note 
Global Certificate on issue, transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Registered Note Global 
Certificate pursuant to Condition 2.b) (Transfer of Registered Notes) may only be made in part: 
(i) 
if the Notes represented by the Registered Note Global Certificate are held on behalf 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any 
such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other 
than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(ii) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid, or assets in respect of any Notes are not 
delivered, when due; or 
(iii) 
in such circumstances as are specified in the applicable Final Terms; or

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
 
(iv) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, the 
Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days' notice at its specified office of the 
Registered Holder's intention to effect such transfer. 
4. 
Partial Exchange of permanent Global Notes 
For so long as a permanent Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of 
that clearing system permit, such permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more 
occasions (1) for Registered Notes if the permanent Global Note is an Exchangeable Bearer Note and 
the part submitted for exchange is to be exchanged for Registered Notes, or (2) for Definitive Notes (i) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid, or assets in respect of any Notes are not delivered, when 
due or (ii) if so provided in, and in accordance with, the Conditions (which will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms) relating to Partly-Paid Notes. 
5. 
Delivery of Notes 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note 
may surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or 
to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, 
the Issuer will (i) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to 
that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a 
subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to reflect 
such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes or Registered 
Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Notes and/or Registered Note Certificates, as the case may be, or if the Global 
Note is a NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records 
of the relevant clearing system. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Notes" means, in relation to any 
Global Note, the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, 
having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that 
have not already been paid on the Global Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed 
and Registered Note Certificates will be printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock 
exchange requirements in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency 
Agreement. On exchange in full of each permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, 
procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
6. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling after the expiry 
of 40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day falling not less 
than 60 days, or in the case of an exchange for Registered Notes five days, or in the case of 
failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when due 30 days after that on which the notice 
requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system 
is located. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Registered Note Global Certificates 
contain provisions that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the 
terms and conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain 
of those provisions: 
7. 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note unless 
exchange for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes or Registered Notes is 
improperly withheld or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the 
D Rules before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Agency Agreement. All payments in respect of Notes 
represented by a Global Note in CGN form, will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if 
no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, surrender of that Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for 
such purpose. If the Global Note is a CGN, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on 
each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
 
in respect of the Notes. For so long as Notes are represented by a Global Certificate, notwithstanding 
the provisions of Condition 8.b)(ii) (in respect of Senior Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes) and 
Condition 6.b)(ii) (in respect of Subordinated Notes), each payment will be made to, or to the order of, 
the person whose name is entered in the Register at the close of business on the Clearing System 
Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment (the "Record Date"), where "Clearing System 
Business Day" means Monday to Friday inclusive except 1 January and 25 December. If the Global 
Note is a NGN or if the Registered Note Global Certificate is held under the NSS, the Issuer shall 
procure the details of each such payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the 
records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note or the Registered Note 
Global Certificate will be reduced accordingly. Payments under a NGN will be made to its holder. Each 
payment so made will discharge the Issuer's obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the 
entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. For so long as 
Notes are represented by a Global Note, Condition 8.i) (in respect of Senior Notes and Senior Non 
Preferred Notes) and Condition 6.h) (in respect of Subordinated Notes) is modified with the effect that 
"business day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in the relevant Additional Financial Centre and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than EUR) where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which 
foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in EUR) on a day on which the TARGET System is operating. 
8. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent Global Note 
will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 10 
in the case of the Senior Notes and Senior Non Preferred Notes and in Condition 8 in the case of the 
Subordinated Notes). 
9. 
Meetings 
The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Registered Note Global 
Certificate shall (unless such permanent Global Note or Registered Note Global Certificate represents 
only one Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a 
meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be 
treated as having one vote in respect of each minimum Specified Denomination of Notes for which such 
Global Note may be exchanged. (All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of 
each Note comprising such Noteholder's holding, whether or not represented by a Registered Note 
Global Certificate). 
10. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal 
amount of the relevant permanent Global Note. 
11. 
Purchase 
Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of 
its subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments of interest 
and Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon. 
12. 
Issuer's Option 
Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note shall be exercised by the Issuer giving notice to the 
Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the information required by the Conditions, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of 
a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that 
any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights 
of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard 
procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear France (to be reflected in the records of

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, France as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion or any other Alternative Clearing System (as the case may be). 
13. 
Noteholders' Options 
Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such Notes are 
represented by a permanent Global Note may be exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note 
giving notice to the Fiscal Agent within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes with a Paying 
Agent set out in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from any Paying Agent, 
except that the notice shall not be required to contain the serial numbers of the Notes in respect of 
which the option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes in respect of which the 
option is exercised and at the same time, where the permanent Global Note is a CGN, presenting the 
permanent Global Note to the Fiscal Agent, or to a Paying Agent acting on behalf of the Fiscal Agent, 
for notation. Where the Global Note is a NGN or where the Registered Note Global Certificate is held 
under the NSS, the Issuer shall procure that details of such exercise shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the relevant clearing system and the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in those records 
will be reduced accordingly.  
14. 
NGN nominal amount 
Where the Global Note is a NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, in addition to the 
circumstances set out above shall be entered in the records of the relevant clearing systems and upon 
any such entry being made, in respect of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
15. 
Direct Rights 
In the event that (a) repayment or delivery under a Global Note (or any part of it) has become 
due in accordance with the Conditions or that the maturity date of the Notes has occurred and, in either 
case, payment in full of the amount or delivery of the assets has not been made to the bearer or 
registered holder, as applicable, or (b) following an Exchange Event, the Global Note is not duly 
exchanged for definitive Notes by the day provided in the Global Note, then from 8.00 p.m. (Luxembourg 
time) on such day each Accountholder will become entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer and 
the bearer or registered holder, as applicable will have no further rights under the Global Note.  
16. 
Notices 
So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note and such Global Note is held on behalf 
of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution 
for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the 
Global Note except that so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also be published on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or as otherwise required by the rules of that 
exchange.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE WARRANTS 
WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Warrants 
Global Warrants will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche 
to a Common Depositary. 
Upon the initial deposit of a Global Warrant with a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Warrants equal to the nominal amount thereof for which 
it has subscribed and paid. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the 
nominal amount of Warrants represented by the Global Warrant and a statement issued by such 
clearing system at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system 
at that time. 
Warrants that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable Final Terms) other clearing systems through 
direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such other clearing 
systems. Conversely, Warrants that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly 
be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or other clearing 
systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other 
permitted clearing system (an "Alternative Clearing System") as the holder of a Warrant represented 
by a Global Warrant must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative 
Clearing System (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer 
of such Global Warrant. Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments due on the Warrants for so long as the Warrants are represented by such Global Warrant 
and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of such Global Warrant 
in respect of each amount so paid.  
Exchange 
1. 
Global Warrants 
Warrants initially represented by a Global Warrant will be represented by a permanent Global 
Warrant. Each permanent Global Warrant will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after 
its Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided below, in part for Definitive Warrants: 
(i) 
unless principal in respect of any Warrants is not paid when due, by the Issuer giving 
notice to the Warrantholders and the Fiscal Agent of its intention to effect such 
exchange; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, (1) if the permanent Global Warrant is held on behalf of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System and any such clearing 
system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason 
of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or in fact does so or (2) if principal in respect of any Warrants is not paid when 
due by the holder giving notice to the Fiscal Agent of its election for such exchange.  
2. 
Delivery of Warrants 
On or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Warrant may surrender such 
Global Warrant. In exchange for any Global Warrant, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, 
an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Warrants. In this 
Base Prospectus, "Definitive Warrants" means, in relation to any Global Warrant, the definitive Bearer 
Warrants for which such Global Warrant may be exchanged. Definitive Warrants will be security printed 
in or substantially in the form set out in the Schedules to the Agency Agreement. On exchange in full of 
each permanent Global Warrant, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled 
and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Warrants. 
3. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means a day falling not less than 60 days, or in the case of failure to pay 
principal in respect of any Warrants when due 30 days after that on which the notice requiring exchange

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
 
is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent is located and in the city in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Global Warrants contain provisions that apply to the Warrants that they represent, some 
of which modify the effect of the General Conditions of the Warrants set out in this Base Prospectus. 
The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
4. 
Exercise procedures 
Subject to Condition 3.d) of the "General Conditions of the Warrants" and to prior termination 
of the Warrants as provided in the Conditions, Warrants may be exercised by a Warrantholder (at his 
own expense) at such time and on such day(s) as provided in Condition 4 of the "General Conditions 
of the Warrants" by delivery of a duly completed and signed Exercise Notice to (i) the relevant Clearance 
System and (ii) the Issuer. 
The bearer of the Global Warrant must, within the period specified therein for the deposit of the 
relevant Warrant and exercise notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Issuer and/or such 
other person as is specified in the applicable Final Terms specifying the nominal amount or number of 
Warrants being exercised.  Any such notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
Subject to 3.d) of the "General Conditions of the Warrants", any Exercise Notice delivered after 
10.00 a.m. (Luxembourg time) on the relevant Exercise Date or the relevant Business Day during the 
Exercise Period, as the case may be, shall: (a) in the case of European Style Warrants, be void and (b) 
in the case of American Style Warrants, be deemed to have been delivered on the next following day 
on which such Warrants are exercisable (unless no such day occurs on or prior to the Final Exercise 
Date, in which case that Exercise Notice shall be void). 
Form of Exercise Notice: Each Exercise Notice shall be in the form (for the time being current) 
available from the Issuer and must: 
(i) 
specify the name, address, telephone and facsimile details of the Warrantholder in 
respect of the Warrants being exercised; 
(ii) 
specify the number of Warrants being exercised (which must not be less than the 
Minimum Exercise Number);  
(iii) 
include an irrevocable undertaking to pay any applicable stamp duty, stamp duty 
reserve tax and/or other similar taxes or duties due by reason of the exercise of 
Warrants by such Warrantholder and an authorisation to the Issuer to deduct any such 
taxes or duties from the Cash Settlement Amount or Early Cancellation Amount, as the 
case may be, or any other amount payable by the Issuer to the Warrantholder in 
connection with the exercise of such Warrants (such taxes, duties or other amount 
payable, the "Warrantholder Expenses") and/or to debit a specified account of the 
Warrantholder at the relevant Clearance System in respect of such Warrantholder 
Expenses; 
(iv) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's account at the relevant Clearance System 
to be debited with the Warrants being exercised and irrevocably instruct, or, as the 
case may be, confirm that the Warrantholder has irrevocably instructed, the relevant 
Clearance System to debit the Warrantholder's account with the Warrants being 
exercised and credit the same to the account of the Issuer; 
(v) 
in the case of Physical Settlement, specify the number of the Warrantholder's account 
at the relevant Clearance System to be debited on the Exercise Date with the 
aggregate amount of the Exercise Prices in respect of the Warrants being exercised 
(together with any other amounts payable);  
(vi) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's account at the relevant Clearance System 
to be credited with any Cash Settlement Amount and any Early Cancellation Amount 
and any dividends payable pursuant to Condition 4.h);  
(vii) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's account at the relevant Clearance System 
to be credited with the Share Amount deliverable pursuant to Condition 4.d);  
(viii) 
certify that such Warrants are not being exercised by or on behalf of any U.S. persons 
(as defined in such Exercise Notice), that payment or delivery with respect to duly 
exercised Warrants will not be made to, or for the account of, a U.S. person (as defined

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
 
in such Exercise Notice) and that none of such Warrants, or interests therein, was 
purchased or obtained, directly or indirectly, by the holder in the United States; and  
(ix) 
authorise the production of such certification in applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings.  
Verification of Warrantholder 
To exercise Warrants, the Warrantholder thereof must duly complete an Exercise Notice. The 
relevant Clearance System shall, in accordance with its normal operating procedures, verify that each 
person exercising Warrants is the Warrantholder thereof according to the records of such Clearance 
System and that such Warrantholder has an account at the relevant Clearance System which contains 
Warrants in an amount being exercised and funds equal to any applicable Warrantholder Expenses in 
respect of the Warrants being exercised. 
If, in the determination of the relevant Clearance System or the Issuer: 
(i) 
the Exercise Notice is not complete or not in proper form; 
(ii) 
the person submitting an Exercise Notice is not validly entitled to exercise the relevant 
Warrants or not validly entitled to deliver such Exercise Notice; or 
(iii) 
sufficient Warrants or sufficient funds equal to any applicable Warrantholder Expenses 
or Exercise Price(s) are not available in the specified account(s) with the relevant 
Clearance System on the Exercise Date, 
that Exercise Notice will be treated as void and a new duly completed Exercise Notice must be 
submitted if exercise of the Warrantholder's Warrants is still desired. 
Any determination by the relevant Clearance System or the Issuer as to any of the matters set 
out above shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the 
Warrantholder and the beneficial owner of the Warrants exercised. 
Notification to the Issuer and Common Depositary 
Subject to the verification set out above, the relevant Clearance System will: 
(i) 
confirm to the Issuer the number of Warrants being exercised and the number of the 
account(s) to be credited with the Cash Settlement Amount, Early Cancellation Amount 
and the Share Amount, as the case may be; and 
(ii) 
promptly notify the Common Depositary of receipt of the Exercise Notice and the 
number of the Warrants to be exercised. 
Upon exercise of part of the Global Warrant, the Common Depositary will note such exercise 
on the Schedule to the Global Warrant and the number of Warrants so exercised as represented by the 
Global Warrant shall be cancelled pro tanto. 
Effect of Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election and undertaking by the 
Warrantholder to exercise the Warrants specified therein, provided that the person exercising and 
delivering such Exercise Notice is the person then appearing in the records of the relevant Clearance 
System as the holder of the relevant Warrants. If the person exercising and delivering the Exercise 
Notice is not the person so appearing, such Exercise Notice shall for all purposes become void and 
shall be deemed not to have been so delivered. 
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice (other than an Exercise Notice which shall become 
void) by a Warrantholder, such Warrantholder shall not be permitted to transfer either legal or beneficial 
ownership of the Warrants exercised thereby. Notwithstanding this, if any Warrantholder does so 
transfer or attempt to transfer such Warrants, the Warrantholder will be liable to the Issuer for any 
losses, costs and expenses suffered or incurred by the Issuer including those suffered or incurred as a 
consequence of it having terminated any related hedging operations in reliance on the relevant Exercise 
Notice and subsequently: (i) entering into replacement hedging operations in respect of such Warrants; 
or (ii) paying any amount on the subsequent exercise of such Warrants without having entered into any 
replacement hedging operations. 
5. 
Payments 
No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Warrant unless 
exchange for Definitive Warrants is improperly withheld or refused. All payments in respect of Warrants

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
 
represented by a Global Warrant will be made against presentation for endorsement and, if no further 
payment falls to be made in respect of the Warrants, surrender of that Global Warrant to or to the order 
of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Warrantholders for 
such purpose. A record of each payment so made will be endorsed on each Global Warrant, which 
endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Warrants.  
6. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer in respect of Warrants that are represented by a permanent Global 
Warrant will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of 
principal) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 17). 
7. 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Warrant represented by a permanent Global Warrant that is required by the 
Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in the nominal 
amount of the relevant permanent Global Warrant. 
8. 
Notices 
So long as any Warrants are represented by a Global Warrant and such Global Warrant is held 
on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of Warrants of that Series may be given by delivery 
of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled accountholders in 
substitution for publication as required by the Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the 
holder of the Global Warrant except that so long as the Warrants are listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, notices shall also be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or as otherwise required by the 
rules of that exchange.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Notes and Warrants generally 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes and Warrants will be applied by the Issuer for its 
general corporate purposes, which include making a profit. If, in respect of an issue of Notes and/or 
Warrants which are derivative securities, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms for the Notes or Warrants.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
 
GREEN BONDS 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, may provide that the 
Issuer expects to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes exclusively 
to finance or refinance, in full or in part, new or existing loans and investments that seek to achieve 
positive environmental impacts in accordance with the eligibility criteria detailed in the Banque 
Internationale à Luxembourg (BIL) Green Bond Framework of 29 April 2022 (the "Green Bond 
Framework") published at https://www.bil.com/Documents/EMTN/Green-Bond-Framework.pdf. The 
Issuer has designed its Green Bond Framework with the intention to reflect current best market practice 
and in alignment with the Green Bond Principles, 2021 as administered by the International Capital 
Markets Association ("ICMA"). This has been confirmed by the second party opinion dated 29 April 
2022 obtained by the Issuer from Sustainalytics as the Second Party Opinion Provider (the "Second 
Party Opinion") published at https://www.bil.com/Documents/EMTN/Second-Party-Opinion.pdf, which 
confirms the alignment of the Green Bond Framework with the ICMA Green Bond Principles, 2021. 
Within one year from issuing any Green Bond and annualy thereafter, the Issuer will report on 
the allocation of the proceeds of the Green Bonds in proportion to the Eligible Portfolio (allocation report) 
and associated environmental impact metrics (impact report), at least until an amount equal to the 
proceeds of all the outstanding Green Bonds has been fully allocated to the Eligible Portfolio, and in the 
case of material changes to the allocation. The allocation report and the impact report will be availbale 
at https://www.bil.com/en/bil-group/investor-relations/Pages/index.aspx. 
Whilst any portion of an amount equal to the net proceeds of the issuance of any Green Bonds 
remains unallocated, the Issuer will temporarily invest the unallocated proceeds in accordance with the 
Issuer’s investment guidelines in cash, deposits and money market instruments or any other liquid 
short-term marketable instruments. 
The Green Bond Framework and the Second Party Opinion do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
BANQUE INTERNATIONALE À LUXEMBOURG, SOCIÉTÉ ANONYME 
Founded in 1856, Banque Internationale à Luxembourg ("BIL", the "Bank" or the "Issuer") is 
the oldest multi-business bank in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. It has always played an active role 
in the development of Luxembourg’s economy and issued its first banknotes in the very year of its 
creation. The bank offers retail, private, corporate and institutional banking as well as treasury and 
financial market services. 
BIL employs approximately 2,000 people in total in its offices in Luxembourg, Switzerland (since 
1985), and China (since 2019). Its specialised entities BIL Lease, Belair House and BIL Manage Invest 
offer a full range of services for investors and professionals. 
Through its national and international network, BIL offers bespoke and innovative financial 
services to meet the specific needs of a broad client base. These services help client wealth and 
businesses to flourish and support financial professionals in developing their activities.  
Introduction 
BIL was incorporated in Luxembourg on 8 March 1856 in the form of a public limited liability 
company (société anonyme), governed by Luxembourg law. Its registered office is located at 69, route 
d'Esch, Luxembourg, L-1470 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and its telephone number is 
+352 45901. BIL is registered in the Luxembourg Register of Commerce and Companies (Registre de 
commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B6307. The website of the Issuer is 
www.bil.com. A section dedicated to investors is available under www.bil.com/en/bil-group/investor-
relations/Pages/index.aspx.   
BIL's duration is unlimited. 
Objects 
BIL's articles of incorporation (statuts) were approved by the Royal Grand -Ducal Decrees of 8 
March and 14 April 1856 and have been amended from time to time. Amendments to the articles of 
incorporation are published in the Mémorial C, Recueil des Sociétés et Associations and, as from 1st 
June 2016, in the central electronic platform of official publication for companies and associations 
(Recueil électronique des sociétés et associations) only. The most recent amendment was made on 16 
December 2019 (the "BIL Articles").  
According to the corporate object as set out in article 4 of the BIL Articles, the  objectives of BIL 
are to undertake all banking and financial operations of whatsoever kind, and, inter alia, to accept 
deposits from the public or any other persons or institutions and to grant credit for its own account. It 
may also undertake all activities reserved for investment firms and to other professionals in the financial 
sector and all financial, administrative, management and advisory operations directly or indirectly 
related to its activities. It may establish subsidiaries, branches and agencies in or outside Luxembourg 
and participate in all financial, commercial and industrial operations. 
Principal Activities 
BIL provides a broad range of services to meet the needs of its clients, including: 
Retail & Digital Banking 
Retail and affluent clients have access to a network of branches throughout Luxembourg to 
meet all their banking, financing, saving and investment needs. In addition to products and services 
available in the branches, BILnet provides a 24/7 efficient and secure online and mobile banking 
solution. 
Private Banking 
BIL helps private banking clients to manage and structure their wealth, offering services to its 
European and international clientele via its centres in Luxembourg, Switzerland and China. Clients can 
access a range of services and support, including custody services and cash management, financial 
products, investment advisory tools, reporting, execution and technology platforms. 
Corporate & Institutional Banking 
BIL assists companies of all sizes, financial institutions and the public sector and provides a 
comprehensive range of banking services and advice, including customised solutions via a responsive 
organisation with local decision-making centres.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
Financial Markets 
BIL offers a comprehensive range of professional treasury and financial market products and 
services, including structured products, warrants and investment funds. These services meet the needs 
of a diverse client base including banks, insurance firms, large corporations and multinationals, state 
institutions, asset managers and investment funds. In-house trading floors in Luxembourg and Zurich 
handle financial market transactions for all business areas of the bank. 
Insurance 
BIL is a licenced insurance broker and offers its clients and partners a broad range of solutions, such 
as life insurance, pension schemes and retirement savings. 
Origins and history 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, the first public limited liability bank in Luxembourg, was 
founded on 8 March 1856, to provide financing for the railways and the iron and steel industry of a 
country that was at that time predominantly agricultural. The same year, it issued its first banknotes and 
was one of the few private establishments to retain this privilege until the introduction of the euro. In 
October 1989 BIL moved into its newly-built headquarters on route d'Esch in Luxembourg-City. To 
commemorate the 150th anniversary of the independence of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the 
building was named "L'Indépendance". 
In July 1985 the Bank commenced its private banking activities in Switzerland. 
2018 
In 2018, BIL significantly extended its client offering with the launch of 12 in-house investment 
funds. The BIL Invest fund range, which comes in addition to six existing funds, offers clients a gateway 
to a range of investment strategies covering various asset classes across the globe. With the help of a 
dedicated Relationship Manager, clients can hand-pick the funds which best suit their preferences and 
expectations. This combination of funds can serve as the backbone of a diversified portfolio. 
A key digitalisation milestone was met in April when BIL became the first Luxembourg bank to 
offer entirely online account opening from a smartphone or tablet in a matter of minutes via its new app. 
By answering a few questions, prospects can be identified during a webcam session, and the process 
ends with the electronic signature of the banking contract and the issuance of an IBAN number. 
Luxembourg implemented Directive (UE) 2017/2399 amending Directive 2014/59/EU (the 
"BRRD") as regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy by the 
Luxembourg law of 25 July 2018 amending, among others, the Luxembourg law of 18 December 2015 
on the failure of credit institutions and certain investment firms. In September 2018, BIL successfully 
launched the first senior non-preferred transaction in Luxembourg. The operation created the required 
debt cushion under the BRRD and, at the same time, strengthened BIL’s ratings. 
2019 
Throughout 2019, BIL continued to support innovative companies in Luxembourg. In April, the 
InnovFin guarantee agreement that was signed by the European Investment Fund and BIL in 2015 was 
extended to allow BIL to expand its lending to innovative Luxembourgish small and medium-sized 
businesses and small mid-caps. In another move to boost lending to entrepreneurs, BIL signed a 
framework agreement with Office du Ducroire ("ODL") aimed at increasing lending to Luxembourgish 
companies to boost their international trade. This is the first agreement of its kind between ODL and a 
bank. ODL is a public institution that provides financial support to Luxembourgish companies to help 
cover their promotion and exhibition costs. ODL also offers them insurance solutions for international 
trade and investment risks. 
Legend Holdings and BIL intensified their cooperation after the launch of the private equity fund 
“BIL PE I” in collaboration with BIL and Legend Capital. Wealth management remains a key factor in 
the development of BIL’s China strategy, and in early 2019, two dedicated wealth management China 
desks were opened in Luxembourg and Switzerland. In September 2019, BIL became the first 
Luxembourgish Bank to open a Representative Office in Beijing, China.  
2019 saw further enhancements of BIL’s digital and payment solutions. Following the rollout of 
fully mobile onboarding solutions for new clients in 2018, desktop onboarding was enabled in 2019 with 
an ID now identification via mobile phone.  
On 16 December 2019, BIL announced a capital increase of EUR 58 million to support the 
growth of its local commercial activities and its international business. The new shares were issued to

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
 
existing shareholders of the Bank in proportion to the capital represented by their shares. Also in 2019, 
BIL divested its holding in Red Sky S.A. which held the “Terres Rouges” real estate complex in Esch-
Belval, in the interest of business simplification. 
2020 
Throughout 2020, BIL continued to invest and strengthen its investment capabilities, enhancing 
its reputation as an entrepreneur-friendly bank as well as an asset manager and trusted advisor.  
Despite a difficult macroeconomic environment, BIL defended its strong core domestic market 
share thanks to organic growth in all business areas. The Bank continued to execute its strategic plan 
launched in 2019, focusing on customers and markets where BIL has a strong right to win. Growing its 
brand domestically and internationally together with the further development of its client offering remains 
a top priority for BIL. 
In Luxembourg, as the country faced an unprecedented health crisis, BIL committed to support 
the national economy and its businesses and worked together with the Luxembourg state and other 
Luxembourgish banks. In March 2020, BIL introduced its new footprint concept and optimised the multi-
channel nature of its distribution strategy to address shifting client behaviours and the increasing use 
of digital services. 
At an international level the Bank expanded its wealth management services distribution 
footprint. On 5 February 2020, BIL acquired 100% of Sino Suisse Financial Group (Hong Kong) Limited. 
Founded in 2017, Sino Suisse Financial Group (Hong Kong) Limited is an external wealth management 
firm based in Hong Kong, which provides financial advice to high-net-worth individuals, entrepreneurs 
and their families. Sino Suisse Financial Group (Hong Kong) Limited was renamed BIL Wealth 
Management Ltd. The new entity provides financial advice and manages clients’ assets with an open 
architecture concept through BIL Luxembourg, BIL Suisse and other partner banks.  
Following the launch over the past few years of BIL’s own UCITS fund suite under the brand 
name BIL Invest, in January 2020, BIL Manage Invest took over the fund and portfolio management for 
four BIL Invest Patrimonial funds and the brokerage function. The takeover of the management 
company function of BIL Invest represented another important step in the continuous growth of BIL 
Manage Invest. With the implementation of the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR), all 
BIL investment products and services processes have been upgraded with the implementation of an 
exclusion policy and a systematic ESG integration. Four compartments of our BIL Invest Sicav (BIL 
Invest Patrimonial range) are compliant and eligible with SFDR Art 8 principles. 
2020 saw further enhancements of BIL’s digital and payment solutions. In early 2020, the Bank 
launched Apple Pay services which enables its clients to pay with an Apple device that is linked to their 
BIL credit or debit cards. BIL also launched a fully digital car leasing service in cooperation with ALD 
Automotive Luxembourg which offers operating lease agreements for a wide selection of customisable 
vehicles.  
BIL was also the first in Luxembourg to offer instant payments allowing clients to transfer euros 
in less than 10 seconds. Initially only available for transfers from and to accounts held with BIL. In 
September 2020, the service was extended to and from banks in the SEPA. 
During on-site inspections in 2017 and 2018, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (CSSF) identified certain weaknesses in the processes that were in place at that time in the 
Bank to fight against money laundering and terrorist financing, concerning a limited segment of 
customers. As a result, the CSSF decided to impose an administrative sanction of EUR 4.6 million in 
March 2020, which is proportional to the Bank’s turnover. No money laundering or terrorism financing 
activities were identified during these on-site inspections. Prior to this administrative sanction, BIL had 
already taken appropriate measures to remediate the identified weaknesses. The Bank has since 
defined a new and strict AML Risk Appetite Statement and related Wealth Management Compliance 
Guiding Principles, recruited additional compliance specialists and increased AML/CTF training and 
awareness. Compliance tools, i.e. the AML scoring engine, were promptly upgraded and implemented 
and the remediation plan is still ongoing. 
2021  
Major milestones were reached in 2021.The Bank adapted its governance to reflect its strategic 
priorities and ensure optimal execution. All commercial activities in Luxembourg were placed under one 
management and a transformation office was created, placing the development and delivery of its new 
core banking system as a top priority.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
The Bank further adapted its international business network to be in line with priorities and 
continued to focus its commercial reach on markets where it has the knowledge and expertise to deliver 
added value to its clients. BIL further developed its two main centres of excellence, Luxembourg and 
Switzerland and continued to build its activities in China (Beijing, Hong Kong and the Greater Bay Area) 
to serve its international clientele while closing other locations. 
In 2021, BIL announced the sale of BIL Fund and Corporate Services S.A. (BFCS). The 
transaction, pursuant to the Sales and Purchase Agreement (SPA) signed on 23 March 2021 between 
BIL and the buyer, ZEDRA  closed on 15 March 2022. As the Bank pursued greater focus on selected 
countries, it also transferred its BIL Denmark branch business activity to RingkjØbing Landbobank on 
1 July 2021 and centralised its Middle East market desk in Switzerland, closing its Dubai branch on 23 
October 2021. 
In June 2021, BIL officially joined Leonteq’s structured products platform as a result of the 
partnership between BIL and Leonteq that was initiated in July 2020 for the issuance and distribution 
of structured investment products. This platform provides BIL with a broad range of services along the 
entire value chain and greatly advances the Bank’s structured product offering, capabilities, efficiency 
and its visibility across key international markets, therefore enhancing access to a broader base of 
qualified investors. 
In Luxembourg, BIL continued to roll out its omnichannel distribution combining an optimised 
branch network for in-person service, trained its client advisors for greater specialisation, strengthened 
its call centre services and enhanced digital services available on its BILnet online banking platform. 
The Bank invested in its branch network to adapt its footprint and ensure the right balance between 
efficiency and proximity. A complete overhaul of its daily banking packages was also conducted 
simplifying its service offering in preparation for the implementation of its new operating systems. 
BIL is one of the few banks in Luxembourg to have developed syndicated loan activity by 
positioning itself on the growing market niche of loans of less than EUR 200 million. BIL arranges about 
ten large syndicated lending facilities and other complex financial structuring operations per year. 
2022 and outlook  
BIL Group is closely monitoring the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. From a risk 
management perspective, BIL’s exposure to Russia remains relatively small. The direct impacts of the 
conflict on the 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements are limited. Credit exposure towards Russia 
reaches 0.3% of total exposures as of 31 December 2021. All exposures are well collateralised and all 
collaterals are located in Western Europe. To manage the potential risk and in the best interest of 
protecting the bank, BIL has - since the beginning of the crisis - stopped business development activities 
in Russia and will maintain this status for the time being, while it follows the situation closely. 
In this challenging, yet growing economic environment, BIL continued to invest heavily to be fit 
for the future. The implementation of a new core banking system, in the final stages of development, 
additional recruitment to boost human capital, and investments in regulatory requirements led to a 6% 
increase of expenses, reaching EUR 442 million.  
Amidst this challenging environment, agility, adaptability and focus will remain paramount. BIL 
Group will continue the roll out of its strategy, accelerate the execution of major projects that will be 
defining for the bank of tomorrow.  
COVID-19 pandemic  
In the context of the uncertain evolution of the COVID-19 pandemic during 2021, the Bank 
continued to adapt its working environment by maintaining accessibility to remote working for 
employees and by continuing to broaden its digital offer to serve clients. 
In view of the gradual improvement of the economic situation, the State-backed guaranteed 
loan scheme introduced in April 2020 and twice extended came to an end on 31 December 2021. At its 
launch, EUR 2.5 billion were earmarked for the scheme, that foresaw a State guarantee for 85% and a 
guarantee by the participating banks of 15% of the credit line. BIL was a participating bank in this 
scheme with an envelope of EUR 470 million to be used for business loans.  
As at 31 December 2021, the total amount of loans granted under the scheme in Luxembourg 
is equivalent to EUR 194 million in which BIL was a significant participating bank (25%) to support the 
Luxembourg economy. 
In the last quarter of 2021, with an increase in cases, the occurrence of a new variant (Omicron), 
and renewed restrictions, the separate State support scheme set up for companies in the hospitality,

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
 
events, culture and entertainment sectors, was extended until the end of the year 2021. However, 
companies belonging to crisis-stricken sectors, sectors impacted by the pandemic or encountering 
economic or structural difficulties are granted further relief throughout the first half of 2022. 
Moratoria Credits 
As one of the major banks in Luxembourg, BIL strongly supported Government and Central 
Bank actions by making financing facilities available to clients affected by the crisis. In this context, 
moratoria granted in response to the pandemic peaked at over EUR 1 billion in June 2020. As at 31 
December 2021, the moratoria granted in response to the pandemic have all expired. With regard to 
expired moratoria, it should be noted that in the overwhelming majority of cases (98% of outstanding), 
clients were able to resume the normal course of their contractual payments and this shows no sign of 
weakening despite the end of most Government support measures in most sectors. 
Major Exposures  
The Bank maintains strong vigilance on its main sectoral risk areas. No marked concentration 
has been noted in 2021, with the exception of the Luxembourg real estate market (mainly residential) 
which is closely monitored and to date shows no signs of slowing or weakness. 
BIL is not significantly exposed to sensitive sectors such as airlines, oil and gas or the hotel 
industry, with the exception of very limited files which are very well collateralised. Its main risk sensitive 
sectors are the automotive sector (which covers a great diversity of players: manufacturers, equipment 
manufacturers and automobile dealerships) and the “HORECA” (Hotels, Restaurants and Cafés) sector 
in Luxembourg. Credit exposures in both of these sectors, are well-spread and together with the 
guarantees held, largely limit the final risks. 
The Bank has endeavoured to strengthen its presence with its most potentially vulnerable 
clients by launching two outreach programmes designed to pre-empt any difficulties and, if necessary, 
take corrective measures as early as possible. In June 2021, BIL launched a questionnaire aimed at  
customers in sectors of activity deemed to be heavily impacted by the pandemic. More recently, in 
December 2021, a second outreach programme was carried out, with customers potentially impacted 
by the rise in energy and commodity prices. 
Commercial Activities 
Commercial activities, although, somewhat impacted by the pandemic in early 2021 have since 
demonstrated a considerable recovery. As at 31 December 2021 commercial activities’ loans increased 
by +6.1% compared to 31 December 2020 and Assets under Management also increased by 5% thanks 
to a positive market effect EUR 2.26 billion and Net New Assets (NNA) of EUR 0.6 billion. 
Expenses 
During 2021, the Bank withstood the impact of COVID-19 with EUR 0.65 million (versus EUR 
7 million in 2020) invested in the continuity of hygiene measures (cleaning and security, masks and 
hand sanitisers) to protect all employees. 
Cost of Risk 
BIL Group recorded net provisions on loans and advances and provisions for legal litigations of 
EUR 38 million in December 2021 compared with EUR 21 million in December 2020. Excluding the 
non-recurring items in 2020 related to the partial recovery on a legacy loan and impairment on right-of-
use assets, the core cost of risk totalled EUR 38 million in 2021 versus EUR 63 million in 2020 largely 
influenced by the effects of the health crisis.  
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) 
As a major bank in Luxembourg and aware of its role in contributing to balanced economic 
growth and the construction of a more sustainable and ecological economy, in 2021, BIL defined its 
SustainaBILity Strategy, which is fully integrated in the Bank’s Energise Create Together 2025 Strategy.  
 The SustainaBILity Strategy definition was based on an extensive engagement plan that has 
involved the Bank's key stakeholders, including its customers (retail, wealth and corporate), employees 
and shareholders. Four pillars of commitment and responsibility underpin the SustainaBILity Strategy, 
which will progressively guide BIL’s strategic decision-making and day-to-day management: 
• 
Sustainable governance and strategy: BIL is committed to structure the organisation to 
address ESG challenges to support the Bank’s long-term stability and growth.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
 
• 
Sustainable products & services: BIL is committed to develop responsible products and 
services that create value for its clients whilst supporting the global ecological and social 
transition. BIL wants to play an active role in the integration of ESG factors to catalyse the 
redirection of financial flows towards sustainable activities. 
• 
Responsible employer: as a responsible employer, BIL is committed to offer a safe and 
healthy work environment to enable its employees to develop their potential. 
• 
Positive impact: as a major financial actor in the Luxembourgish landscape, the Bank is 
committed to act for a positive impact on local economy and communities and prepare 
ground for future generations. 
Following the approval of the new Sustainability Strategy, more than 40 initiatives were 
launched in line with the four pillars. To make sure public commitments are translated into a business 
strategy, embedded into business-as-usual processes, and then monitored and managed across a wide 
range of departments is a real transformation programme, known internally under the “Towards 
Sustainability Programme”. The programme is led by the Head of Sustainable Development who 
reports, since March 2021, directly to the Executive Committee Member in charge of the Bank’s 
Strategy, proof that the subject is an important axis in the development of the Bank. The programme 
brings together all the Bank's departments, which regularly share their experiences and progress with 
the Towards Sustainability Committee, whose status is in turn reported to the Executive Committee and 
Board of Directors. 
BIL’s priority in 2021 was to comply to new European ESG regulations starting with the 
European Regulation (EU) 2019/2088, the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (the "SFDR"). 
BIL disclosed on its website, on 10 March 2021 its Sustainable and Responsible Investment Statement, 
describing how sustainability risks are integrated into its investment decision processes via an exclusion 
list targeting individual companies and countries and by integrating ESG considerations into its 
investment products and services. BIL will now address the upcoming requirements of phase 2 of SDFR 
as well as the assessment of clients’ ESG preferences as required by the Delegated Regulations 
amending organisational requirements (including suitability assessments) under the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID II) and Insurance Distribution Directive (IDD) Delegated 
Regulations. 
The sustainable investment framework also applies to the Bank’s Investment Portfolio, where 
as at 31 December 2021, Green, Social and Sustainable bonds now account for 10.5% of the total 
Portfolio, for a total amount of EUR 800 million. 
On the risk management side, the Bank has started to implement the EU recommendations on 
the handling of ESG risks. In 2021, the focus was on defining a robust risk cartography, which will form 
the basis for further progress, mainly the definition of the Bank’s ESG risk governance, the revision of 
its risk management frameworks, including stress-testing exercises. 
In parallel with these regulatory aspects and in line with the second pillar of the strategy, BIL 
continued to work on the development of its product offering, which is an essential lever for taking action 
and having a positive impact. As at 31 December 2021, four of the BIL Invest Patrimonial sub-funds, 
promote Environmental and/or Social characteristics within the meaning of Article 8 of the SFDR and 
have obtained the Luxembourg Finance Labelling Agency (LuxFLAG) ESG label for a period of one 
year. The improvement of BIL's products and services with a view to their eligibility under Article 8 will 
remain a priority for the Bank in the coming months. In this context, the Bank is also committed to 
carrying out an ESG impact analysis of its products, which will allow the progressive evolution of the 
Bank's strategy. 
On the responsible employer side, the focus is on employee development. The year 2021 was 
the first milestone in the sustainable training pathway with priority employees trained in ESG. BIL’s 
ambition is to upskill the majority of BIL employees during 2022 by offering different ESG training 
formats. The ultimate goal is that all financial decisions at BIL should take into account climate change 
and that all BIL employees can develop their knowledge and understanding of climate change, green 
finance and sustainability as relevant to respective roles within the organisation. 
More globally, several initiatives were launched around health and well-being, with a focus on 
the management of the COVID-19 crisis with measures put in place at BIL to protect the Bank, its 
employees and its customers. In terms of social aspects, the Bank intends to be more ambitious on the 
theme of diversity and will define a dedicated action plan in 2022. Efforts will continue to raise 
awareness of the importance of these issues among all employees and to continue to train key people.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
 
2021 marked a turning point in BIL’s sustainability transformation. It will take some time to 
translate the public commitments into daily activities. In 2022, fulfilling regulatory requirements will 
remain a priority. In addition and to be aligned with its commitment to have impact on top of regulatory 
requirements, BIL’s ambition is to set clear quantitative targets for the implementation of this new 
strategy and its follow-up. The development of sustainable products and services to meet customer 
expectations will also be a strong focus in the coming years. 
In April 2022, BIL released a new Green Bond Framework to support its sustainable strategy 
and the transition to a low carbon economy. BIL has implemented its Green Bond Framework with a 
clear commitment to support the growth of the sustainable finance market. The Bank will now be able 
to issue green bonds, ensuring investors their funds will be used for a sustainable purpose. This will 
strengthen BIL’s sustainable strategy and have a positive impact on the local economy and 
communities. BIL will be able to issue public bonds and private placements. The net proceeds will be 
allocated exclusively to finance or refinance, in full or in part, new or existing loans and investments for 
existing or future green buildings. To be eligible, these must be located in Luxembourg, and 
demonstrate specific performances of energy efficiency, as defined in the Green Bond Framework. 
Risk Management 
The main objectives of the Risk Management function are to: (i) ensure that all risks are under control 
by identifying, measuring, assessing, mitigating and monitoring them on an on-going basis. Global risk 
charters, policies and procedures define the framework for controlling all types of risks by describing 
the methods and the limits defined, as well as escalation procedures; (ii) provide the Management 
Bodies (the Board of Directors, the Board Risk Committee and the Management Board) and all other 
relevant stakeholders with a comprehensive, objective and relevant overview of risks; (iii) ensure that 
the risk limits are compatible with the risk appetite framework, which defines the level of risk the Bank 
is willing to take to achieve its strategic and financial objectives - the risk teams should make sure that 
BIL’s strategy plan is compatible with the risk appetite; (iv) ensure compliance with banking regulation 
requirements by submitting regular reports to the supervisory bodies, taking part in regulatory 
discussions and analysing all new requirements related to Risk Management and (v) ensure compliance 
with banking regulation requirements by submitting regular reports to the supervisory bodies, taking 
part in regulatory discussions and analysing all new requirements related to Risk Management. 
Principal Subsidiaries  
At 1st April 2022, the Bank held a direct interest of at least 20 per cent. in the capital of the 
following undertakings:  
Name of Company 
Registered Office 
Proportion of capital 
held directly 
Banque 
Internationale 
à 
Luxembourg 
(Suisse) S.A 
Zurich, Switzerland 
100.00% 
Belair House S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100.00% 
BIL Manage Invest S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100.00% 
BIL Private Invest Management S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100.00% 
BIL Reinsurance S.A. 
Luxembourg 
100.00% 
Biltrust Limited 
St Peter Port, Guernsey 
100.00% 
BIL Wealth Management Limited  
Hong Kong SAR, China 
100.00% 
Europay Luxembourg, société coopérative 
Luxembourg 
52.20% 
IB Finance S.A.  
Luxembourg 
100.00% 
Private II Wealth Management S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100.00% 
Société du 25 juillet 2013 (in liquidation) 
Paris, France 
100.00% 
Société Luxembourgeoise de Leasing - BIL 
Lease S.A.  
Luxembourg 
100.00%

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
 
Board of Directors and Executive Committee (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) 
The Board of Directors has the overall responsibility for Banque Internationale à Luxembourg. 
Among its missions, the Board of Directors is responsible for setting and overseeing the overall 
business and risk strategy and policy including the risk tolerance/appetite and the risk management 
framework. The Board of Directors is assisted by four specialised committees: the Board Strategy 
Committee, the Board Risk Committee, the Board Audit and Compliance Committee and the Board 
Remuneration and Nominations Committee. 
The Board of Directors has delegated the daily management of BIL to the Management Board 
and the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). 
The overall objective of the Management Board is to lead, direct and manage BIL in order to 
achieve the strategy and the business objectives set by the Board of Directors. The Management Board 
is composed of the Management members authorised by the Supervisor and is collegially responsible 
for the effective day-to-day management of BIL and typically deciding on matters of strategic importance 
and significant impact in line with the regulatory framework. It meets on a weekly basis as an integral 
part of the Executive Committee and on an ad-hoc basis, as needed. 
The Executive Committee consists of the CEO and the Management Board members and the 
heads of other support and business lines. It is in charge of running BIL and meets on a weekly basis 
with a majority of Management Board members. 
The Management Board respectively the Executive Committee exercises its duties under the 
supervision of the Board of Directors. 
Board of Directors 
 
Name 
Function/responsibility 
Address 
Directorships and 
significant 
appointments outside 
of the Issuer 
Luc Frieden 
Chairman  
(Président du Conseil 
d'Administration) 
69, route d'Esch, L-1470 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg 
 
Peng Li 
Vice-Chairman 
(Vice-Président du 
Conseil 
d'Administration) 
Ke Xue Yuan Nanlu, 
Haidian District, Room 
1701, 17/F, Block 1, Court 
No. 2 Beijing, China 
CEO, Legend 
Holdings Corp. 
Marcel Leyers 
Director 
(Administrateur) 
 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Délégué à la gestion 
journalière) 
69, route d'Esch, L-1470 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg 
 
 
Maurice Lam 
Director 
(Administrateur) 
 
13a, Avenue Guillaume, L-
1651 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
Jing Li 
Director 
(Administrateur) 
 
10, Lintheschergasse, CH-
8001 Zurich, Switzerland 
Managing Director, 
Legend Holdings 
Corp. 
Charles Q. Li 
Director 
(Administrateur) 
 
18, Frensham Road, GU9 
8HE Farnham, Surrey, 
United Kingdom 
 
Vincent Thurmes 
Director 
(Administrateur) 
3, rue de la Congrégation L-
1352 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg 
Ministry of Finance

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
 
 
Chris Van Aeken 
Director 
(Administrateur) 
 
89, West Heath Road, NW3 
7TN London, United 
Kingdom 
 
Pierrot Rasqué 
Director 
(Administrateur) 
 
3, rue de la Congrégation, 
L-1352 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg 
Ministry of Finance 
Michel Scharff 
Director 
(Administrateur)  
(appointed by the 
delegation of 
employees) 
69, route d'Esch, L-1470 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg 
 
Claude Steffen 
Director 
(Administrateur)  
(appointed by the 
delegation of 
employees) 
69, route d'Esch, L-1470 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg 
 
Marc Terzer 
Director 
(Administrateur)  
(appointed by the 
delegation of 
employees) 
69, route d'Esch, L-1470 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg 
 
Ashley Glover 
Director 
(Administrateur)  
(appointed by the 
delegation of 
employees) 
69, route d'Esch, L-1470 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg 
 
Executive Committee  
 
Chairman 
 
 
 
Marcel Leyers* 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
Members 
 
 
 
Hans-Peter Borgh 
Group Head International   
Xin Chen 
Head of China Market 
Olivier Gorin  
Chief Transformation Officer 
Jeffrey Dentzer* 
Chief of the Luxembourg Market and Corporate and Institutional 
Banking (CIB)  
Helmut Glemser* 
Chief Risk Officer 
Emilie Hoël 
Head of Wealth Management 
Bernard Mommens* 
Secretary General and General Counsel 
Jérôme Nèble 
Head of Strategy and Financial Markets 
Nico Picard* 
Chief Financial Officer 
Karin Scholtes* 
Global Head of People, Culture and Communication 
 
 
Permanent Invitees 
 
 
 
Marie Bourlond 
Chief Compliance Officer 
Pia Haas 
Chief Internal Auditor 
 
* Member of the Management Board (Authorised Management).

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
 
Conflicts of interests 
There are no potential conflicts between any duties to BIL in relation to the persons referred to 
above and their private interest and/or other duties.  
The conflict of interests between the Directors' duties and/or the members of the Executive 
Committee’s duties to BIL and their private interests or other duties, if any, are submitted, according to 
Article 441-7 al 2 of the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, 
to the Annual General Meeting. 
The business address of each member of the Executive Committee is 69, route d'Esch, L-1470 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Share capital  
As of the date of this Base Propsectus, the BIL’s total share capital is fixed at EUR 146,108,270 and is 
represented by 2,087,261 fully paid-up shares of no par value.   
Shareholders 
Legend Holdings Corp. holds 89.9804 per cent of the issued share capital in BIL and the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg holds a further 9.9978 per cent.  
Fiscal Year and Accounts 
The Bank's fiscal year corresponds to the calendar year. Since the financial year starting 1 
January 2008, the consolidated financial statements of the Bank have always been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the EU. 
Independent Statutory Auditors  
 The independent statutory auditors of BIL are PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, 
with their registered address at 2 rue Gerhard Mercator, L-2182 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg ("PwC"). PwC was appointed as independent statutory auditors on 13 December 2019. 
PwC has audited the consolidated and the parent company financial statements of BIL as of and for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and issued unqualified independent 
statutory auditors’ reports thereon.  
PwC is member of the Institute of Auditors (l'Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises) and is 
supervised by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier. 
Financial Information 
Consolidated Statement of Income  
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the Issuer's audited consolidated 
statement of income for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021: 
 
(in EUR) 
31/12/20 (1)(2) 
31/12/21 
  
REVENUES 
548,856,869 
631,952,607 
EXPENSES 
(417,850,637) 
(442,236,522) 
GROSS OPERATING INCOME 
131,006,232 
189,716,085 
Impairments 
(21,339,646) 
(37,314,673) 
Provisions for legal litigations 
160,000 
(542,508) 
OPERATING INCOME 
109,826,586 
151,858,904 
Net income from associates 
1,878,523 
2,378,559 
NET INCOME BEFORE TAX 
111,705,109 
154,237,463 
Tax expenses 
(19,281,933) 
(24,218,381) 
NET INCOME OF CONTINUING OPERATIONS 
92,423,176 
130,019,082 
Discontinued operations, net of tax 
8,937,841 
5,427,169

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
 
NET INCOME 
101,361,017 
135,446,251 
Net income - Group share 
101,361,017 
135,446,251 
 
(1) Reclassifications made in accordance with International Accounting Standard 8 - Accounting 
Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors (“IAS 8“) for the year ended 31 December 2020 
Compared to the previous consolidated statement of income, in the consolidated statement of income 
for the year ended 31 December 2021, BIL has corrected the presentation of revenues linked to 
services (IT support, internal control functions) provided by the head office to its subsidiaries or to 
external companies to which offsetting with related costs is not permitted.  
The impact of the reclassification is disclosed in the following table (corresponding notes are 
reclassified accordingly). 
 
(in EUR) 
31/12/20 
As published 
31/12/20 
After 
reclassification 
Impact of 
reclassification 
Other net income 
(8,279,962) 
(5,693,642) 
(2,586,320) 
REVENUES 
554,820,372 
557,406,692 
(2,586,320) 
 
 
 
 
Staff expenses 
(219,749,851) 
(220,723,485) 
973,634 
General and administrative expenses 
(137,795,332) 
(139,408,018) 
1,612,686 
EXPENSES 
(415,264,317) 
(417,850,637) 
2,586,320 
 
 
 
 
NET INCOME 
101,361,017 
101,361,017 
- 
 
(2) On 23 June 2021, BIL signed a Business Transfer Agreement with Ringkjøbing Landbobank for the 
transfer of the BIL Denmark branch business. All the business activity (off-balance sheet Assets under 
Management, loans and deposits) was transferred to the counterparty on 1 July 2021 and the 
transaction was closed. BIL Denmark activities were classified as a disposal group meeting the 
definition of discontinued operations under IFRS 5 “Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued 
Operations” as from 30 June 2021. 
As at 31 December 2021, BIL has successfully terminated the operational transfer of all clients’ assets 
and loans. The Bank plans to close the Danish branch during 2022. 
 
(in EUR) 
31/12/20 
As published 
31/12/20 
After reclassification 
Reclassified as 
discontinued 
operations 
Interest and similar income 
526,243,033 
524,055,699 
 2,187,336  
Interest and similar expenses 
(215,822,894) 
(215,764,278) 
(58,616)  
Fee and commission income 
260,582,861 
253,910,705 
 6,672,155  
Fee and commission expenses 
(45,338,965) 
(45,087,914) 
(251,051)  
Impairment 
(20,951,628) 
(21,339,646) 
388,017 
Discontinued operations, net of tax 
 
 
8,937,841 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet: 
The table below sets out summary information extracted from the Issuer's audited consolidated balance 
sheet as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021: 
 
ASSETS 
31/12/20 
31/12/21 
(in EUR) 
Cash, balances with central banks and demand deposits 
4,245,324,853 
5,989,034,370 
Financial assets held for trading 
55,716,122 
24,469,219 
Financial investments measured at fair value 
1,129,363,614 
1,138,003,882

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
Financial 
investments 
at 
fair 
value 
through 
other 
comprehensive income 
1,108,358,280 
1,093,443,120 
Non-trading financial investments mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss 
21,005,334 
44,560,762 
Loans and advances to credit institutions 
1,105,696,451 
737,231,429 
Loans and advances to customers 
15,412,310,898 
16,346,232,744 
Financial investments measured at amortised cost 
7,685,128,526 
7,383,330,597 
Derivatives 
235,263,017 
131,527,726 
Fair value revaluation of portfolios hedged against interest 
rate risk 
191,221 
93,194 
Investments in associates 
28,635,871 
676,682 
Investment property 
23,405,067 
30,975,736 
Property, plant and equipment 
113,840,658 
107,570,001 
Intangible fixed assets and goodwill 
255,721,393 
305,857,276 
Current tax assets 
1,524,745 
996,264 
Deferred tax assets 
183,982,345 
163,256,912 
Other assets 
81,161,194 
86,459,608 
TOTAL ASSETS 
30,557,265,975 
32,445,715,640 
 
 
LIABILITIES 
31/12/20 
31/12/21 
(in EUR) 
Amounts due to credit institutions 
4,172,955,910 
4,103,871,221 
Amounts due to customers 
19,773,966,458 
20 688 150 882 
Other financial liabilities 
27,932,339 
22,757,968 
Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit 
or loss 
934,551,568 
1,467,315,688 
Liabilities designated at fair value 
934,551,568 
1,467,315,688 
Derivatives 
642,789,763 
350,859,788 
Fair value revaluation of portfolios hedged against 
interest rate risk   
2,433,523 
70,504 
Debt securities 
2,783,103,377 
3,200,417,795 
Subordinated debts 
130,620,187 
237,127,187 
Provisions and other obligations 
42,892,641 
54,365,347 
Current tax liabilities 
2,190,023 
1,383,500 
Deferred tax liabilities 
7,311,883 
10,205,589 
Other liabilities 
196,595,562 
207,644,441 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
28,717,343,234 
30,344,169,910 
 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
31/12/20 
31/12/21 
(in EUR) 
Subscribed capital 
146,108,270 
146,108,270 
Share premium 
760,527,961 
760,527,961 
Other equity instruments 
173,592,617 
174,081,292 
Reserves and retained earnings  
617,488,137 
709,178,093 
Net income 
101,361,017 
135,446,251 
SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
1,799,078,002 
1,925,341,867 
Gains and losses not recognised in the consolidated 
statement of income 
40,844,739 
176,203,863 
Financial instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
64,168,148 
196,346,769 
Other reserves 
(23,323,409) 
(20,142,906) 
GROUP EQUITY 
1,839,922,741 
2,101,545,730 
Non-controlling interests 
- 
- 
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
1,839,922,741 
2,101,545,730 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
30,557,265,975 
32,445,715,640

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
 
TAXATION 
Prospective purchasers should consult legal or tax advisers in the country of their citizenship, 
residence or domicile to determine the possible tax or other consequences of purchasing, holding and 
redeeming Notes and/or Warrants, as the case may be, under the laws of the relevant jurisdiction. 
The matters described below do not constitute, and should not be considered as, legal or tax 
advice to prospective purchasers. Prospective purchasers should consult legal or tax advisers in the 
country of their citizenship, residence or domicile to determine the possible tax or other consequences 
of purchasing, holding and redeeming Notes and/or Warrants, as the case may be, under the laws of 
the relevant jurisdiction. 
Luxembourg Tax Consequences 
The following summary is of a general nature and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. 
Prospective investors in the Notes and the Warrants should consult their own professional advisers as 
to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Notes 
Withholding Tax 
Non-Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005 as amended (the "Relibi Law") mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will 
be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent.  Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income 
tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private 
wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying 
agent.  Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law 
will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
Further, Luxembourg resident individuals who are the beneficial owners of interest payments 
and other similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established outside Luxembourg in an 
EU Member State or the European Economic Area may opt for a final 20 per cent. levy. In such case, 
the 20 per cent. levy is calculated on the same amounts as for the payments made by Luxembourg 
paying agents. The option for the 20 per cent. final levy on interest payments must cover all interest 
payments made by paying agents to the beneficial owner during the entire civil year. Such 20 per cent. 
levy is final when Luxembourg resident individuals are acting in the context of the management of their 
private wealth.   
Income deriving from the Notes 
Non-Resident holders 
Holders of Notes will not become residents, or be deemed to be resident in Luxembourg by 
reason only of the holding of the Notes. 
Holders of Notes who are non-resident of Luxembourg and who do not hold the Notes through 
a permanent establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg are not liable to any 
Luxembourg income tax, whether they receive payments of principal, payments of interest (including 
accrued but unpaid interest), payments received upon redemption, repurchase or exchange of the 
Notes, or realize capital gains on the sale of the Notes.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
 
Resident holders – General 
Holders of Notes who are tax resident in Luxembourg, or non-resident holders of the Notes who 
have a permanent establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or to whom the 
Notes are attributable, must for income tax purposes include any interest and other income received or 
accrued on the Notes in their taxable income unless an individual holder holds the Notes in the frame 
of the management of its private wealth. If in this last case the aforementioned 20 per cent. withholding 
tax has been levied it can be credited against the overall income tax liability. They will not be liable to 
any Luxembourg income tax on repayment of principal.  
Luxembourg Resident Individuals 
Luxembourg resident individual holders of Notes who do not hold Notes as business assets are 
not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the disposal of the Notes, unless their disposal precedes 
their acquisition or they are disposed of within six months of the date of their acquisition. Upon a 
repurchase, redemption or exchange of Notes, the portion of repurchase, redemption or exchange price 
corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest is subject to the aforementioned 20 per cent. withholding 
tax. When the aforementioned 20 per cent. withholding tax is applied, it may be credited against the 
resident individual's income tax liability in case the individual holder of Notes does not act in the course 
of the management of his/her private wealth. Luxembourg resident individual holders of Notes who hold 
Notes as business assets are subject to tax as described in relation to "Luxembourg Resident 
Undertakings with a Collective Character" below. 
Luxembourg Resident Undertakings with a Collective Character 
Luxembourg resident undertakings with a collective character (organismes à caractère collectif) 
holding Notes, or foreign entities of the same type who have a permanent establishment or permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to whom the Notes are attributable, must include any interest accrued or 
received, any redemption premium or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or 
disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax 
purposes. 
Luxembourg resident undertakings with a collective character that are governed by the law of 
11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 
2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, by the law of 13 February 2007 on 
specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative 
investment funds and which do not fall under the special tax regime set out in article 48 thereof are 
neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest accrued or received, any redemption 
premium or issue discount, nor on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of 
the Notes. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax (without prejudice to the application of annual minimum net wealth 
tax rules) will not be levied on a corporate holder of the Notes, unless  
(a) 
such holder of Notes is a Luxembourg resident other than a holder of Notes governed 
by (i) the amended laws of 17 December 2010 and 13 February 2007 on undertakings for collective 
investment and specialised investment funds, respectively; (ii) the amended law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation; (iii) the amended law of 15 June 2004 on the investment company in risk capital; (iv) the 
amended law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies; or (v) the law of 23 July 2016 
on reserved alternative investment funds; or 
(b) 
such Notes are attributable to a business enterprise or part thereof or which is carried 
on in Luxembourg or through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative of a non-
resident company in Luxembourg. In such a case, the holder of Notes must take the Notes into account 
for the purposes of Luxembourg wealth tax. 
Please however note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended, or capital companies, governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture 
capital vehicles, as amended, or reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 
2016 and which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof may, under certain 
conditions, be subject to minimum net wealth tax. 
An individual holder of Notes, whether he/she is a resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject 
to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
 
Other Tax Consequences 
Stamp Taxes and Transfer Taxes 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in 
Luxembourg by the holders of Notes as a consequence of the issuance of the Notes, nor will any of 
these taxes be payable as a consequence of a subsequent transfer, repurchase or redemption of the 
Notes, unless the documents relating to the Notes are either (i) voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or 
(ii) attached as an annex to an act (annexés à un acte) that itself is subject to mandatory registration or 
(iii) deposited in the minutes of a notary (déposés au rang des minutes d'un notaire). 
Inheritance / Gift Taxes 
No estate or inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of Notes upon the death of a holder of 
Notes in cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax purposes and 
no gift tax is levied upon a gift of Notes if the gift is not passed before a Luxembourg notary or recorded 
in a deed registered in Luxembourg. Where a holder of Notes is a resident for tax purposes of 
Luxembourg at the time of his death, the Notes are included in its taxable estate for inheritance tax or 
estate tax purposes. 
Warrants 
Non-resident Warrant holders 
Under the existing laws of Luxembourg, the exercise or sale of Warrants by a non-resident 
Holder does not give rise to taxable income in Luxembourg, unless such Warrants were held as 
business assets by such non-resident through a permanent establishment or through a permanent 
representative in Luxembourg. 
Resident Warrantholders 
Individuals 
The profit made by a resident individual Warrantholder not holding the Warrants as business 
assets, on the sale of Warrants or upon the exercise thereof against payment of a cash amount is 
taxable in Luxembourg if such Warrant is sold or exercised within a period of six months following the 
acquisition by such person. If Warrants are held by a resident individual Warrantholder as a business 
asset, they are subject to Luxembourg tax as described in the paragraph "Luxembourg Resident 
Undertakings with a Collective Character" here below. 
Luxembourg Resident Undertakings with a Collective Character 
Luxembourg resident undertakings with a collective character (organismes à caractère collectif) 
holding Warrants, or foreign entities of the same type who have a permanent establishment or 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to whom the Warrants are attributable, must include the profit 
made on the sale of the Warrants or upon the exercise thereof against payment of a cash amount in 
their taxable income for Luxembourg income tax purposes. 
Luxembourg resident undertakings with a collective character (organismes à caractère collectif) 
that are governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, 
or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, by the law 
of 13 February 2007 on specialized investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on 
reserved alternative investment funds and which do not fall under the special tax regime set out in article 
48 thereof are neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of the profit made on the sale of 
Warrants nor upon the exercise thereof against payment of a cash amount.  
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax (without prejudice to the application of annual minimum net wealth 
tax rules) will not be levied on a Warrantholder, unless  
(a) 
the Warrantholder is an undertaking with a collective character resident in Luxembourg 
other than a holder of Warrants governed by (i) the amended laws of 17 December 2010 and 13 
February 2007 on undertakings for collective investment and specialised investment funds, 
respectively; (ii) the amended law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation; (iii) the amended law of 15 June 
2004 on the investment company in risk capital; or (iv) the amended law of 11 May 2007 on family 
estate management companies, or (v) the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, 
or

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
 
(b) 
the Warrants are attributable to the permanent establishment or to the permanent 
representative in Luxembourg of a foreign entity of the same type as a Luxembourg organism with a 
collective character. 
Please however note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended, or capital companies, governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture 
capital vehicles, as amended, or reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 
2016 and which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof may, under certain 
conditions, be subject to minimum net wealth tax. 
An individual Warrantholder, whether he/she is a resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject 
to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Warrants. 
Other Taxes 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty 
payable in Luxembourg in respect of or in connection with the execution and delivery of the Warrants 
or the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Warrants, unless the Warrants are either (i) 
voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or (ii) attached as an annex to an act (annexés à un acte) that 
itself is subject to mandatory registration or (iii) deposited in the minutes of a notary (déposés au rang 
des minutes d'un notaire).

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
Overview of Distribution Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in a Distribution Agreement (as further 
amended and supplemented as at the date of issue of the Notes and/or Warrants) (the "Distribution 
Agreement") dated 9 November 1995 as amended and restated on 24 June 2022 between the Issuer, 
the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes and the Warrants will be offered on a continuous 
basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes 
and Warrants directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers and to sell Notes 
and Warrants directly in its capacity as a Dealer. The Notes and the Warrants may be resold at 
prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer. The Notes and the Warrants may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting 
as agents of the issuer. The Distribution Agreement also provides for Notes and Warrants to be issued 
in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission in respect of Notes or Warrants 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for certain of its expenses incurred 
in connection with the update of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in 
connection with the Programme. The commission in respect of an issue of Notes or Warrants on a 
syndicated basis will be stated in the applicable Final Terms for the Notes or Warrants, as applicable. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the 
offer and sale of the Notes and the Warrants. The Distribution Agreement entitles the Dealers to 
terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes or Warrants in certain circumstances prior 
to payment for such Notes or Warrants being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions in respect of the Notes and the Warrants 
United States 
The Notes, and the securities (if any) to be delivered under the terms of the Notes, have not 
been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the "Securities 
Act") or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. No Notes, or 
interests therein, may be offered, sold, or delivered, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in 
accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. 
Terms used in this paragraph and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. Neither the sale nor trading in Notes has been approved by the 
CFTC pursuant to the CEA. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or 
to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further bank appointed as Dealer will agree that, except as 
permitted by the Distribution Agreement, it will not offer, sell or in the case of Notes in bearer form, 
deliver the Notes of any identifiable tranche (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 
40 days after completion of the distribution of such tranche as determined, and certified by the relevant 
Dealer or, in the case of Notes issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined herein). Each Dealer has agreed 
and each further bank appointed as Dealer will agree that it will have sent to each dealer to which it 
sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes set out above. Terms used in this paragraph and not 
otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of 
such Notes, an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating 
in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is 
made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject 
to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
 
The Warrants and the securities (if any) to be delivered under the terms of the Warrants, have 
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States. No Warrant may be offered, sold, resold, transferred, pledged, 
delivered, exercised or redeemed, directly or indirectly, at any time within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, or by, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S). Furthermore, the Warrants 
do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, swaps or contracts of sale of a commodity for future 
delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA. Neither the sale or trading in Warrants has been 
approved by the CFTC pursuant to the CEA, and no U.S. person (as defined herein) may at any time 
trade, exercise or maintain a position in the Warrants.   
The Warrants may not be exercised within the United States. The exercise of the Warrants will 
be conditional upon the holder (and any person on whose behalf the holder is acting) being a non-U.S. 
person. The securities to be delivered upon the exercise of the Warrants may not be delivered within 
the United States upon exercise other than in "offshore transactions" pursuant to Regulation S, unless 
registered under the Act or an exemption from such registration is available. 
Each prospective purchaser of Warrants, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus and 
the Warrants, will be deemed to have represented and agreed as follows: 
(a) 
it understands that Warrants and the securities (if any) to be delivered when Warrants 
are redeemed, have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act, or under the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States; and that trading in Warrants has 
not been approved by the CFTC under the CEA, or by the SEC; 
(b) 
it is not a U.S. person (as defined herein) and, if it is acting for the account or benefit 
of another person, such other person is also not a U.S. person (as defined herein); 
(c) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial 
owner of an interest in Warrants to certify periodically that such beneficial owner is not a U.S. person; 
(d) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the 
transfer of an interest in Warrants in violation of the transfer restrictions applicable to such Warrants; 
(e) 
it understands and acknowledges that the Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial 
owner who is a U.S. person to (i) sell its interests in Warrants to a person who is not a U.S. person in 
an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act, or (ii) transfer its interests in 
Warrants to the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer at a price equal to the lesser of (x) the purchase price 
therefor paid by such beneficial owner, (y) 100 per cent. of the principal amount thereof and (z) the fair 
market value thereof; 
(f) 
it understands that the Warrants (other than ETF Linked Warrants)  will bear a legend 
to the following effect: 
THIS WARRANT AND THE SECURITIES (IF ANY) TO BE DELIVERED WHEN THIS 
WARRANT IS REDEEMED, HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, 
AND TRADING IN WARRANTS HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES 
TRADING COMMISSION (THE "CFTC") UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, 
AS AMENDED (THE "CEA"), OR BY THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE 
"SEC").  THIS WARRANT MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING: BY ITS ACQUISITION 
HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER: 
(1) 
CERTIFIES THAT (A) IT ACQUIRED THIS WARRANT OR SUCH BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION 
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S"); (B) IT IS NOT (X) A "U.S. PERSON' AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S, AND (Y) A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED IN THE INTERPRETIVE 
GUIDANCE AND POLICY STATEMENT REGARDING COMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN SWAP 
REGULATIONS PROMULGATED BY THE CFTC, OR THE FINAL RULE RELATING TO CROS-
BORDER APPLICATION OF THE REGISTRATION THRESHOLDS AND CERTAIN REQUIREMENTS 
APPLICABLE TO  SWAP DEALERS AND MAJOR SWAP PARTICIPANTS PROMULGATED BY THE 
CFTC, IN EACH CASE AS AMENDED, MODIFIED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, 
UNDER THE CEA, AND (Z) A PERSON OTHER THAN A "NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" AS 
DEFINED IN CFTC RULE 4.7 (ANY PERSON SATISFYING (X), (Y) OR (Z) ABOVE, A "U.S. 
PERSON"); AND (C) IF IT IS ACQUIRING THIS WARRANT OR A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERSON, SUCH OTHER PERSON IS ALSO NOT 
A U.S. PERSON;  
(2) 
AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT IT WILL NOT, AT ANY TIME 
DURING THE TERM OF THIS WARRANT, OFFER, SELL, RESELL OR DELIVER, DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
ANY U.S. PERSON AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO 
HONOUR A TRANSFER OF ANY WARRANT OR INTEREST THEREIN IN VIOLATION OF THE 
FOREGOING; 
(3) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ANY TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING AT 
ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THIS WARRANT WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL 
BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE 
TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER, 
THE REGISTRAR, ANY AGENT OR ANY INTERMEDIARY; 
(4) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IF AT ANY TIME THE ACQUIRER BECOMES A U.S. 
PERSON, THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO (A) COMPEL THE ACQUIRER TO SELL SUCH 
WARRANT OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AS APPLICABLE, TO A PERSON WHO IS NOT 
A U.S. PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, OR (B) COMPEL THE BENEFICIAL OWNER TO TRANSFER SUCH WARRANT 
OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AS APPLICABLE, TO THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF 
THE ISSUER FOR THE LESSER OF (X) THE PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR PAID BY THE 
BENEFICIAL OWNER, (Y) 100 PER CENT. OF THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT THEREOF AND (Z) THE 
FAIR MARKET VALUE THEREOF; AND  
(5) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER MAY COMPEL EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER 
OF THE WARRANTS TO CERTIFY PERIODICALLY THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER IS NOT A 
U.S. PERSON. 
and, that the ETF Linked Warrants will bear a legend to the following effect: 
THIS WARRANT AND THE SECURITIES (IF ANY) TO BE DELIVERED WHEN THIS 
WARRANT IS REDEEMED, HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, 
AND TRADING IN WARRANTS HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES 
TRADING COMMISSION (THE "CFTC") UNDER THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, 
AS AMENDED (THE "CEA"), OR BY THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE COMMISSION (THE 
"SEC").  THIS WARRANT MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING: BY ITS ACQUISITION 
HEREOF OR OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN, THE ACQUIRER: 
(1) 
CERTIFIES THAT (A) IT ACQUIRED THIS WARRANT OR SUCH BENEFICIAL 
INTEREST IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED UNDER REGULATION 
S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S"); (B) IT IS NOT A "U.S. PERSON' AS DEFINED 
IN REGULATION S (A "U.S. PERSON"); AND (C) IF IT IS ACQUIRING THIS WARRANT OR A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST HEREIN FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF ANOTHER PERSON, 
SUCH OTHER PERSON IS ALSO NOT A U.S. PERSON;  
(2) 
AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT IT WILL NOT, AT ANY TIME 
DURING THE TERM OF THIS WARRANT, OFFER, SELL, RESELL OR DELIVER, DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, 
ANY U.S. PERSON AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO 
HONOUR A TRANSFER OF ANY WARRANT OR INTEREST THEREIN IN VIOLATION OF THE 
FOREGOING; 
(3) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ANY TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING AT 
ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THIS WARRANT WILL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL 
BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE 
TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER, 
THE REGISTRAR, ANY AGENT OR ANY INTERMEDIARY; 
(4) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IF AT ANY TIME THE ACQUIRER BECOMES A U.S. 
PERSON, THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO (A) COMPEL THE ACQUIRER TO SELL SUCH 
WARRANT OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AS APPLICABLE, TO A PERSON WHO IS NOT

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
 
A U.S. PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, OR (B) COMPEL THE BENEFICIAL OWNER TO TRANSFER SUCH WARRANT 
OR BENEFICIAL INTEREST THEREIN, AS APPLICABLE, TO THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF 
THE ISSUER FOR THE LESSER OF (X) THE PURCHASE PRICE THEREFOR PAID BY THE 
BENEFICIAL OWNER, (Y) 100 PER CENT. OF THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT THEREOF AND (Z) THE 
FAIR MARKET VALUE THEREOF; AND  
(5) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ISSUER MAY COMPEL EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER 
OF THE WARRANTS TO CERTIFY PERIODICALLY THAT SUCH BENEFICIAL OWNER IS NOT A 
U.S. PERSON. 
(g) 
it has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and is capable 
of evaluating the merits and risks of purchasing Warrants, and it can bear the economic risk of an 
investment therein; and 
(h) 
the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates and others will rely upon the 
truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
As used herein with respect to the Notes and ETF Linked Warrants, "U.S. person" means a 
person that is a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
As used herein with respect to the Warrants  (other than ETF Linked Warrants), "U.S. person" 
means a person that is any one or more of the following: (1) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act, (2) a "U.S. person" as defined in the Interpretive Guidance and Policy 
Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the CFTC, or the 
final rule relating to cross-border application of the registration thresholds and certain requirements 
applicable to swap dealers and major swap participants promulgated by the CFTC, in each case, as 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, under the CEA, or (3) a person other than a 
"Non-United States Person" as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7 . 
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Dual Currency Notes shall be subject to such 
additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the 
issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement.] 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes or Warrants (or Pricing Supplement, in the case 
of Exempt Notes or Exempt Warrants) specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes or Warrants which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms for the Notes or 
Warrants (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”).  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression "an offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes or Warrants to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes or Warrants.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes or Warrants (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes or Exempt Warrants) specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", 
in relation to each Member State of the EEA(each, a "Relevant State"), each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes or Warrants which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms for the

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
Notes or Warrants in relation thereto, as the case may be, to the public in that Relevant State except 
that it may make an offer of Notes or Warrants to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms for the Notes or Warrants specify that an offer of those Notes or Warrants, 
as the case may be, may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of 
a prospectus in relation to such Notes or Warrants, as the case may be, which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided 
that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms for the Notes 
or Warrants contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
Final Terms for the Notes or Warrants, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to 
its use for the purposes of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer;  
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes or Warrants, as the case may be, referred to in (b) to (d) 
above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or constitute a breach of article 45-1 (Selling of subordinated eligible liabilities to 
retail clients) of the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 2015 on the default of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms, as amended. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an "offer of Notes or Warrants to the public" in relation to any Notes or 
Warrants in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes or Warrants to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes or Warrants; and 
• 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes or Warrants (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes or Exempt Warrants) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes or Warrants which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms for the Notes or 
Warrants (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
(b) 
the expression “an offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes or Warrants to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes or Warrants.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes or Warrants (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Notes or Exempt Warrants) specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes or Warrants 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
applicable Final Terms for the Notes or Warrants in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes or Warrants to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms for the Notes or Warrants specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a “Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of 
publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes or Warrants which has been approved by 
the Financial Conduct Authority, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the Final Terms for the Notes or Warrants contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, 
in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, 
as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-
exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes or Warrants, as the case may be, referred to in (b) to (d) 
above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of 
the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression an offer of Notes or Warrants to the public in relation to any Notes or 
Warrants means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes or Warrants to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes or Warrants; and  
• 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes and/or Warrants which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or 
sold and will not offer or sell any Notes or Warrants other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, 
hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes or Warrants would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by 
the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of such 
Notes or Warrants in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer 
was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
 
(c) 
it has complied with and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to the Notes or Warrants in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply 
with applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of 
the Notes and/or Warrants and the distribution in France of this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes and Exempt Warrants) or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes and Warrants. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes and/or Warrants for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes and Exempt Warrants), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering 
of Notes and/or Warrants may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer 
within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time 
(a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes and/or Warrants, and that it has not distributed, and will 
not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents 
in relation to the Notes or Warrants, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes or the Warrants have not been and 
will not be offered, sold, distributed or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the Federal Republic of 
Germany other than in compliance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined above) 
and the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz), each as amended, or any other 
laws applicable from time to time in the Federal Republic of Germany governing the issue, offering, sale 
and distribution of the Notes or the Warrants. 
Japan 
None of the Notes or the Warrants have been or will be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended the "FIEA") and each of the 
Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes or Warrants, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 
6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for 
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
Zero coupon Notes in definitive form and other Notes in definitive form on which interest does 
not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity (savings certificates or spaarbewijzen 
as defined in the Dutch Savings Certificates Act or Wet inzake spaarbewijzen, the "SCA") may only be 
transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the 
mediation of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the 
provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations (which include registration requirements). No 
such mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the initial issue of such Notes to the first holders 
thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or 
business, and (iii) the issue and trading of such Notes if they are physically issued outside The 
Netherlands and are not immediately thereafter distributed in The Netherlands. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the 
Final Terms for the Notes or Warrants issued in respect of the issue of Notes or Warrants, as the case 
may be, to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
 
Other than with respect to the listing of the Notes and the Warrants, no action has been taken 
in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes or the Warrants, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms for the Notes or 
Warrants, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or Warrants or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any 
other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have 
responsibility thereof.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS (NON-EXEMPT / LESS THAN €100,000, OTHER THAN 
NOTES TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ONLY ON A REGULATED MARKET, 
OR A SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY 
QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS) 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are 
not (1) Notes to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated 
market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have access, and 
(2) Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2  3[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
4[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for 
any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2 Legend to be included on the front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail 
investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target 
market approach (EEA). 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target 
market approach (UK).

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
5[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; EITHER6 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR 7[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]8.] 
9[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
                                                     
5 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach (EEA). 
6 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
7 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are 
deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the 
Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make 
the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
8 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need 
to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, 
a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
9 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach (UK).

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 9CZ7TVMR36CYD5TZBS50 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] [Series Number] [Tranche Number] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Programme for the issue of Euro Medium Term Notes and Warrants 
Part A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 24 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. [A summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms].  
The Base Prospectus has been published on [Issuer's/Financial Intermediaries'/regulated market's] 
website.] 
[(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [1 April 2010/31 March 2011/21 May 2012/31 
May 2013/28 May 2014/22 May 2015/20 May 2016/19 May 2017/18 May 2018/15 February 2019/28 
June 2019/26 June 2020/25 June 2021] which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus 
dated 24 June 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 
24 June 2022 [and the supplement to it dated [●] which together, constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
Base Prospectus has been published on [Issuer's/Financial Intermediaries'/regulated market's] 
website.] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not 
applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1. 
(i) [Series Number: 
[_]] 
(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
[_]] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the temporary Global Note for 
interests in the permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 27 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
[_] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal 
Amount: 
[_] 
(i) 
[Series: 
[_]] 
(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[_]]

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[_] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable) 
5. 
(i) Specified 
Denominations: 
[_] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[_] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) Issue Date: 
[_] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[_] 
[Not 
applicable] 
(N.B. 
An 
Interest 
Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes or any 
other rate where the Interest Period end date(s) 
are adjusted) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
(N.B. The Maturity Date [should not be/may need 
to be not] less than one year after the Issue Date) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[_] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
 
[[SONIA/SOFR] [[_] month [EURIBOR/[ ]] [+/–][_] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Equity Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
[[_] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[SONIA/SOFR] [_] month [EURIBOR/[ ]] [+/–][_] 
per cent. Floating Rate] Range Accrual] 
 
(further details specified below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount]  
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
 
 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) 
[date] paragraph [13/15] applies and for the 
period from (and including) [date], up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [14/16] 
applies][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put]

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
(i) Status of the Notes: 
[Senior Notes – Condition 3(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes will apply / Senior Non 
Preferred – Condition 3(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes will apply / Subordinated – 
Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes shall apply] 
(ii) 
[Redemption upon occurrence 
of an MREL Disqualification 
Event and amounts payable on 
redemption thereof: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable – Condition 7(i) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes will apply] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes following 
the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification 
Event pursuant to Condition 7(i) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes, the Notes shall be 
redeemed in the amount of [_] per Calculation 
Amount] 
(N B. Only relevant to Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or Restricted EOD Notes)] 
(iii) 
[Restricted EOD Notes: 
[Applicable – Condition 11(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes will apply / Not Applicable] 
(N B. Only relevant to Senior Notes that are 
Restricted EOD Notes)] 
(iv) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[Not Applicable] 
[_] [and [_], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 
5.a) 
in 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and Condition 
4(a) in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
 
[_] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[_] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [[adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business 
Day Convention] and any applicable Business

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
 
Centre(s) 
for 
the 
definition 
of 
"Business 
Day"]/[not adjusted]] 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[_] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[_] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [date]][Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
 
[[_] in each year][Not Applicable]  
(N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon) 
(vii) 
Adjustment of Interest Period 
(viii) 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest: 
[Yes/No/Not applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Adjustment 
Date(s) 
[_] 
Adjustment Margin 
 
[_] 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 4.b) in the Terms and  
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes) 
(The following is only applicable in relation to 
Subordinated Notes. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][_] per cent. per annum 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[_] [and [_]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to 
adjustment in accordance with paragraph 
14(xvi)] 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[_] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[_] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [_]][Not 
Applicable] 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[_] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 14(xvi)]

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[       ]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[_] [and [_]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with paragraph 14(xvi)] [Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[_] 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[_] 
(xiii) 
Fixed Leg Swap Duration: 
[_] 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xv) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[_] in each year 
(xvi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_] 
(xviii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[_][Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[_] 
15. 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 5.b) in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Notes 
and 
Condition 4.c) in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[_] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[_] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[_] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[_] 
 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
(v) 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination]

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[_][Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Applicable – SONIA] [Applicable – 
SOFR] 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA Compounded Index Rate / SONIA 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
[with 
Observation Shift] / [with Lag] where “p” is: 
[specify number] London Business Days [being 
no less than 5 London Business Days]] 
[SOFR Compounded Index Rate / SOFR 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
[with 
Observation Shift] / [with Lag] where “p” is: 
[specify number] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days [being no less than 5 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]] 
[_] month [[EURIBOR/ [specify other Reference 
Rate]]/[CMS Reference Rate/Leveraged CMS 
Reference Rate/Steepner CMS Reference Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]/Call 
Spread 
Reference Rate/Collar Steepner CMS]] 
 
Reference Currency: [_] 
 
Designated Maturity: [[_]/[The CMS Rate having 
a Designated Maturity of [_] shall be "CMS Rate 
1" and the CMS Rate having a Designated 
Maturity of [_] shall be "CMS Rate 2"]] 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the 
Designated Maturity for each relevant CMS 
Rate) 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[_] 
 
(In the case of SONIA or SOFR: [The date which 
is [“p”] [London][U.S. Government Securities] 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment 
Date]) 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro): [Second day on which the 
TARGET2 system is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro): [Second [[specify 
type of day] prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONCINDX] / see 
pages of authorised distributors for SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate] or [Bloomberg Screen 
Page: SONIO/N Index] / SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate as applicable][●]

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
 
– 
Relevant Fallback 
Screen Page: 
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONIO/N Index] / see 
pages of authorised distributors for SONIA 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
as 
applicable][●]] 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time] 
– 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[For 
example, 
London/Euro-zone 
(where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro)] 
– 
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [_] per cent. per annum] 
 
[Floor means [_] per cent. per annum] 
 
[Leverage means [_] per cent.] 
[Leverage 1 means [_] per cent.] 
[Leverage 2 means [_] per cent.] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01]  
 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, 
specify relevant screen page and any applicable 
headings and captions) 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each 
short 
or 
long 
interest 
period)][Not 
Applicable] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][_] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(xv) 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Adjustment 
Date(s) 
[_] 
Adjustment Margin 
 
[_] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Condition 7.b) in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
 
Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Notes 
and 
Condition 5.b) in the Terms and 
Conditions on the Subordinated Notes) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[_] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
17. 
Range 
Accrual 
Notes 
Provisions: 
(Condition 6 in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes) 
[Fixed Rate Range Accrual Note] 
[Floating Rate Range Accrual Note] 
[CMS Range Accrual Note] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(The following is applicable in relation to Fixed Rate Range Accrual Notes or CMS Range Accrual 
Notes that bear fixed rate interest) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[_] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [[adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business 
Day Convention] and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) 
for 
the 
definition 
of 
"Business 
Day"]/[not adjusted]] 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(iv) 
Determination Dates: 
[_] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_] 
(vi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(vii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(The following is applicable in relation to Floating Rate Range Accrual Notes or CMS Range 
Accrual Notes that bear floating rate interest) 
(viii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[_] 
(ix) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[_] 
(x) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[_] 
(xi) 
Interest Period Date: 
[_] 
 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
(xii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(xiii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_] 
(xiv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
(xv) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[_][Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[_] month [EURIBOR/[ ]][currency] interbank offer 
rate 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[_] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[_] 
(xvii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][_] per cent. per annum 
(xviii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(xix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(xx) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(The following must be completed in relation to all Range Accrual Notes) 
(xxi) 
Upper Range: 
[[_] per cent./Not applicable] 
 
(If the Upper Range adjusts with various periods 
use the table below) 
 
From and 
including 
To be 
excluding 
Upper Range 
 
[date] 
[date] 
[_] per cent. 
(xxii) 
Lower Range: 
[[_] per cent./Not applicable] 
 
(If the Lower Range adjusts with various periods 
use the table below) 
 
From and 
including 
To be 
excluding 
Upper Range 
 
[date] 
[date] 
[_] per cent. 
(xxiii) 
Range Accrual Reference Rate: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[[For example, EURIBOR]/[CMS Reference 
Rate/Leveraged CMS Reference Rate/Steepner 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]/Call 
Spread 
Reference Rate/Collar Steepner CMS]] 
 
Reference Currency: [_]

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
 
 
Designated Maturity: [[_]/[The CMS Rate having 
a Designated Maturity of [_]]] 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01] 
 
(In the case of a CMS Range Accrual Note, 
specify relevant screen page and any applicable 
headings and captions) 
– 
Range Accrual 
Reference Rate 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Daily Observation]/[Specify other period] 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time] 
– 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[For 
example, 
London/Euro-zone 
(where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro)] 
– 
CMS Rate 
definitions: 
[Cap means [_] per cent. per annum] 
 
[Floor means [_] per cent. per annum] 
 
[Leverage means [_] per cent.] 
18. 
Index Linked Interest 
Note Provisions 
(Condition 21 in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[_] which is [not] a Multi-Exchange Index 
(ii) 
Exchange and Index Sponsor: 
(i) the relevant Exchange is [_] and 
(ii) the relevant Index Sponsor is [_]. 
(iii) 
Related Exchange: 
[Specify/Condition 21 applies] 
(iv) 
Bloomberg Screen: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[_] 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_] 
(viii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[_] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[_] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis]

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(xi) 
Formula to be used to determine 
the 
Index 
Linked 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Barrier Provisions applicable. Memory Effect is 
[not] applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
 
(xiii) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
(xiv) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[[Insert specific Valuation Dates]/[The definition 
set out in Condition 21.l) applies]] 
[_] 
[_] 
(xv) 
Valuation Time: 
(xvi) 
Index Initial: 
[[Insert time]/[Condition 21.l) applies]] 
[_] 
(xvii) 
Index Final: 
[_] 
(xviii) 
Interest Barrier Level: 
[_] 
(xix) 
Coupon Rate: 
[_] [If applicable specify in relation to each 
potential Interest Payment Date] [Not Applicable] 
(xx) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[_] [The Calculation Agent]  
(xxi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[(ii)] [The Trade Date is [_] [If no Trade Date is 
specified, Issue Date will be the Trade Date] 
19. 
Equity 
Linked 
Interest 
Note Provisions  
(Condition 22 in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Share: 
[_]  
(ii) 
ISIN of Share: 
[  ] 
(iii) 
Exchange: 
[  ] 
(iv) 
Related Exchange: 
[  ] 
(v) 
Settlement Price: 
[  ][As set out in Condition 22] 
(vi) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[_] 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_] 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[_] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[_] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(xii) 
Formula to be used to determine 
the 
Equity 
Linked 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Barrier Provisions applicable.] [Memory Effect is 
[not] applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[[Insert specific Valuation Dates]/[The definition 
set out in Condition 22.k) applies]] 
(xiv) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[_] 
(xv) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[_] 
(xvi) 
Valuation Time: 
[[Insert time]/[Condition 22.k) applies]] 
(xvii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[  ] [Condition 22.k) applies] 
(xviii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[  ] [Condition 22.k) applies] 
(xix) 
Share Initial: 
[_] 
(xx) 
Share Final: 
[_] 
(xxi) 
Interest Barrier Level: 
[_]% 
(xxii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[_]% per annum [If applicable specify in relation 
to each potential Interest Payment Date] [Not 
Applicable] 
(xxiii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[_] [The Calculation Agent]  
(xxiv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change in Law] 
[Failure to Deliver] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[(ii)] [The Trade Date is [_] [If no Trade Date is 
specified, Issue Date will be the Trade Date] 
[(iii)] [The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to the relevant Share] is [_]. 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)]

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
[(iv)] [The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to the relevant Share] is [_] 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Index Linked Redemption 
Note Provisions  
(Condition 21 in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph and if applicable but item already 
completed in paragraph 18 above, state "See 
paragraph 18 above".) 
(i) 
Index: 
[_] which is [not] a Multi-Exchange Index 
(ii) 
Exchange and Index Sponsor: 
(i) the relevant Exchange is [_] and 
(ii) the relevant Index Sponsor is [_]. 
(iii) 
Related Exchange: 
[Specify/Condition 21 applies] 
(iv) 
Bloomberg Screen: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Formula to determine the Index 
Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Barrier Provisions applicable. Memory Effect is 
[not] applicable.] [Leveraged Floored Index 
Linked Redemption applicable] [Bull on Index] 
[Bull and Bear on Index] 
Barrier Level: [_] 
Floored Redemption Amount: [_] 
Capped Redemption Amount: [_] 
Leverage: [_] 
[Insert if Bull on Index is applicable: 
Strike Level: [_]% of Index Initial] 
K1: [   ]% 
K2: [   ]%] 
[Insert if Bull and Bear on Index is applicable: 
Strike Level: [_]] 
Barrier Level: [_]] 
K1: [   ]% 
K2: [   ]% 
K3: [   ]% 
K4: [  ]%] 
(vi) 
Valuation Date(s): 
(vii) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
(viii) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[[Insert specific Valuation Dates]/[The definition 
set out in Condition 21 applies]]  
[_] 
[_] 
(ix) 
Valuation Time: 
(x) 
Index Initial: 
[[Insert time]/[Condition 21.l) applies]] 
[_] 
(xi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change in Law]

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[(ii)] [The Trade Date is [_]. [If no Trade Date is 
specified, Issue Date will be the Trade Date] 
(xii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable:]["greater 
than"/"greater 
than 
or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level][Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[[Specify]/See definition in Condition21(l)] 
– 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[_] [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[specify 
any 
applicable 
Business Centre (s)]/not adjusted] 
– 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Level: 
[_]  
– 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[_]  
– 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[_] 
21. 
Equity 
Linked 
Redemption 
Note 
Provisions: 
(Condition 22 in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) and if 
applicable but item already completed in 
paragraph 19 above, stated: “See paragraph 19 
above”. If applicable, complete items (i) – (v) 
below in relation to each relevant Share) 
(i) 
Share: 
[_] 
(ii) 
ISIN of Share: 
[_] 
(iii) 
Exchange: 
[_] 
(iv) 
Related Exchange: 
[_] 
(v) 
FX Pages and FX Conversion 
Times 
(Specify and repeat in relation to each Share for 
which the quotation currency is different from the 
Specified Currency):   [In relation to [specify 
Share]: the FX Page is [insert] and the FX 
Conversion Time is [specify][a.m./p.m.][insert 
city] time]

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
 
(vi) 
Formula to determine the Equity 
Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Barrier Provisions applicable. Memory Effect is 
[not] applicable. Barrier Level [ ]] [Reverse 
Convertible 
Notes 
and 
Physical 
Delivery] 
[Leveraged Floored Equity Linked Redemption 
applicable] [Autocall with Worst of Shares] 
Barrier Level: [_] 
Floored Redemption Amount: [_] 
Capped Redemption Amount: [_] 
Leverage: [_] 
Strike Price: [_] 
K1: [_] % 
(vii) 
Settlement Price: 
[_][As set out in Condition 22] 
[Exchange Rate: [_] [Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
any amount due under the 
Notes: 
[_] [The Calculation Agent]  
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[] 
Initial Valuation Date: [_] 
Final Valuation Date: [_] 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
(xi) 
Share Initial: 
(xii) 
Share Final: 
(xiii) 
Strike Price 
(xiv) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[[Insert time]/[Condition 22.k) applies]] 
[] 
[] 
[[]%][Not Applicable] 
[] [Condition 22.k) applies] 
(xv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[] [Condition 22.k) applies] 
(xvi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change of Law] 
[Failure to Deliver] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[(ii)] [The Trade Date is [_] 
[If no Trade Date is specified, Issue Date will be 
the Trade Date] 
[(iii)] [The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to the relevant Share] is [_]. 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
[(iv)] [The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to the relevant Share] is [_]

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
(xvii) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
Extraordinary 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xviii) 
Share Substitution Criteria: 
[Reference Index/specify/As determined by the 
Calculation Agent] 
(xix) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
Additional 
Disruption Event: 
(xx) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[[Applicable:]/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level][Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[Specify]/See definition in Condition 22] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[insert each relevant potential date ] [adjusted in 
accordance with [Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [specify any applicable Business 
Centre (s)]/not adjusted] 
Automatic Early Redemption Level: 
[_]% 
Automatic Early Redemption Rate: 
[_] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[insert specific dates ]/[The Valuation Dates 
specified under the heading "Equity Linked 
Interest Note Provisions" above but excluding 
such date falling closest in time and prior to the 
Maturity Date] 
22. 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Notes 
and 
Physical 
Delivery: 
(Condition 22 in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial FX: 
[Insert cross-currency rate and page] 
(ii) 
Final FX 
[Insert cross-currency rate and page] 
(iii) 
Strike Price Barrier: 
[_] per cent. 
(iv) 
Strike Price: 
[_] per cent. 
(v) 
Applicable Rate for Calculation 
of 
Number 
of 
Deliverable 
Shares:  
[Initial FX][Final FX]  
[Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Physical 
Delivery 
Rounding 
Convention: 
[The number of Deliverable Shares will be 
rounded [up/down]wards to the nearest [_] 
decimal place with 0.[_]5 rounded upwards]/[See 
Condition 22] 
23. 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 
7.d) 
in 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and Condition 
5.d) in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[_] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[_] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[_] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[_] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days [/Not Applicable] 
Maximum period: [30] days [/Not Applicable] 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of five clearing system business days' 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and Agent) 
24. 
Investor Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 
7.e) 
in 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[_] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s)  
[_] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days  
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business days' 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and Agent) 
25. 
Final Redemption 
Amount of each Note: 
(Condition 7.a), Condition 21, Condition 
22 in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and Condition 5.a) in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated 
Notes) 
[See 
paragraph 
[19/20] 
above]/[_] 
per 
Calculation Amount 
 
26. 
Early Redemption 
Amount: 
(Condition 7.b), Condition 11, Condition 
21, Condition 22 in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes and Condition 
[_]/[Fair Market Value]

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
 
5 in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer 
Notes/Exchangeable 
Bearer 
Notes/Registered Notes] 
 
[Regulation S Global Note registered in the name 
of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
NSS)] 
28. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [_] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
permanent Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [_] days' notice] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [_] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
permanent Global Note] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005] 
29. 
Green Bond: 
 
 
(A)  
Second Party Opinion Provider: 
(B) 
Date of Second Party Opinion: 
30. 
Additional Financial 
Centre(s): 
[Yes/Not Applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
[_] 
[_] 
[Insert 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s)][Not 
Applicable]  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which sub-paragraphs [14(xiv), 15(vi), 17(v), 
17(xiii) and 18(vii)] relate) 
31. 
Talons for future 
Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made][No] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[Relevant third party information, has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [_], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
 
 ________________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
 
Part B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [specify relevant regulated 
market (for example the Bourse de Luxembourg) 
and, if relevant, listing on an official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from 
[_]] [Not Applicable] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that the original notes are already 
admitted to trading) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
[Insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]] and 
associated defined terms].   
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation). As such each of [defined 
terms] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.]] 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [_]] 
 
[Moody's: [_]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating) 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
[The Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier [has been requested to provide/has 
provided – include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or 
update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include names of 
competent authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[Not Applicable] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.]  
[The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES] 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[specify general corporate purposes] 
[Eligible Portfolio - an amount equal to the net 
proceeds of the Notes will be allocated 
exclusively to finance or refinance, in full or in 
part, new or existing loans and investments that 
seek to achieve positive environmental impacts 
in accordance with the eligibility criteria detailed 
in the Green Bond Framework] 
 
(Where “Eligible Portfolio” is specified, include 
any relevant disclosure on the specific loans and 
investments that are subject of, or related to, the 
Eligible Portfolio) 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
general funding purposes of the Issuer and/or 
Eligible Portfolio, will need to include those 
reasons here) 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds: 
[_]] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of 
other funding.) 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[_] [Include breakdown of expenses]] 
6. 
FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[_][Not Applicable] 
7. 
FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/[specify other 
Reference Rate]] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg]][Not Applicable] 
8. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SHARE, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING 
THE SHARE 
[Need to include details of the share company, any security identification number of the shares, 
where pricing information about the shares is available, where past and further performance and 
volatility of the share can be obtained.] [An example of how the value of the investment is affected 
by the value of the share may be included.] [Not Applicable] 
9. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE INDEX, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT 
AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE INDEX 
[Need to include the name of the index, the name of the index sponsor.] 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the index can be 
obtained and where pricing information is available]. 
10. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[_] 
Common Code: 
[_] 
[CFI: 
 [[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]]

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
 
[FISN: 
 [[include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from 
the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]] 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Give 
name(s) 
and 
number(s) 
[and 
address(es)]][Not Applicable] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agents: 
[_] 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agents (if any): 
Calculation Agent: 
[_][Not Applicable] 
 
[BIL][Insert name of entity] 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of  
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and 
registered 
in 
the 
name 
of  
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes].  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
 
11. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting commitments/quotas 
(material features): 
[Give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments][Not Applicable] 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers.)

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable][Give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable][Give name and address] 
(vi) 
Total commission and concession: 
[_] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(vii) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions and U.S. 
Federal Income Tax 
Considerations: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] [The Notes 
are [not] Specified Notes for purposes of Section 
871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986.] [Additional information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be 
available at [give name(s) and address(es) of 
Issuer contact].] (The Notes will not be Specified 
Notes if they (i) are issued prior to 1 January 2023 
and are not "delta-one" for U.S. tax purposes or 
(ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any index 
that contains any component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to 
U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. equity 
or an index that contains a component U.S. equity 
or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to 
U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to 1 January 
2023 and provide a return that does not differ 
significantly from the return on an investment in 
the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after 1 
January 2023, further analysis would be required. 
If the Notes are Specified Notes, include the 
“Additional information” sentence and provide the 
appropriate contact information at the Issuer.) 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer 
has not determined whether the Notes are 
Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
however, indicatively it considers that they will 
[not] be Specified Notes for these purposes. This 
is indicative information only subject to change 
and if the Issuer’s final determination is different 
then it will give notice of such determination. 
Please contact [name(s) and address(es) of 
Issuer contact] for further information regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.] 
(This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not 
made a final determination regarding whether the 
Notes are Specified Notes as of the date of the 
Final Terms) 
(viii) Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable 
delete the remaining placeholders of this 
paragraph (viii) and also paragraph 12 below)  
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the 
issuer intends to make Non-exempt Offers 
(where the Base Prospectus lists the Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions, select from that list), which 
must therefore be jurisdictions where the Base 
Prospectus and any supplements have been 
passported (in addition to the jurisdiction where 
approved and published)]

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
 
Offer Period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date] (the "Offer 
Period") [save in case of early termination due to 
oversubscription] 
Financial intermediaries granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the 
Conditions in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial 
intermediaries 
receiving 
consent 
(specify 
consent)] [Please refer to the Dealer specified 
above] 
(ix) 
General Consent:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(x) 
Other Authorised Offeror Terms: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be 
included here where General Consent is 
applicable) 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make 
a Non-exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions.  No 
such offer should be made in any relevant 
jurisdiction until those requirements have been 
met.  Non-exempt offers may only be made into 
jurisdictions in which the base prospectus (and 
any supplement) has been notified/passported.) 
(xi) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged“ 
products and  no key information document will 
be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)] 
(xii) 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged“ 
products and  no key information document will 
be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)] 
(xiii) [Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel 
before 
disapplying 
this 
selling 
restriction)] 
12. 
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 11(viii) above is specified to be Not Applicable because 
there is no Non-exempt Offer) 
(i) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][Specify] 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(iii) 
Description 
of 
the 
application 
process: 
[Not Applicable][Give details]

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
 
(iv) 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(v) 
Time period (including any possible 
amendments) during which the 
offer will be open and description of 
the application process: 
[_] 
(vi) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(vii) 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the Notes: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(viii) Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(ix) 
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(x) 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(xi) 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(xii) 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically 
charged 
to 
the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(xiii) Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place. 
[The Authorised Offerors identified in paragraph 
[11] above and identifiable from the Base 
Prospectus/None][Give details] 
(xiv) [Name and address of the entities 
which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through 
bid and offer rates and description 
of 
the 
main 
terms 
of 
their 
commitment: 
[None][Give details]]] 
 
ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE NOTES 
[●]

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
 
 FORM OF FINAL TERMS (NON-EXEMPT/ €100,000 OR MORE AND NOTES TO 
BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKET, OR A SPECIFIC 
SEGMENT OF A REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED 
INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS)  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes which are 
not Exempt Notes and which (i) have a denomination of €100,000 or more (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) and/or (ii) are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific segment of 
a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have 
access. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2[3MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is 
eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] . Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for 
any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for 
any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target 
market approach.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
 
4[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
5 [MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; EITHER6 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR 7[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]8.]] 
9[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
                                                     
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target 
market approach (UK). 
5 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
6 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
7 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are 
deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the 
Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make 
the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
8 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need 
to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, 
a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
9 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach (UK).

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 9CZ7TVMR36CYD5TZBS50 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] [Series Number] [Tranche Number] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Programme for the issue of Euro Medium Term Notes and Warrants 
[The Notes will only be admitted to trading on the Professional Segment of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, which is a specific segment of an EEA regulated market (as defined in MiFID II), to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be 
offered or sold to non-qualified investors.]  
Part A– CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 24 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus 
in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on [Issuer's 
/Financial Intermediaries'/regulated market's] website.] 
[(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [1 April 2010/31 March 2011/21 May 2012/31 
May 2013/28 May 2014/22 May 2015/20 May 2016/19 May 2017/18 May 2018/15 February 2019/28 
June 2019/26 June 2020/25 June 2021] which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus 
dated 24 June 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 
24 June 2022 [and the supplement to it dated [●] which together, constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
Base Prospectus has been published on [Issuer's /Financial Intermediaries'/regulated market's] 
website.] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not 
applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.) 
 
1. 
(i) [Series Number: 
[_]] 
(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
[_]] 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the temporary Global Note for 
interests in the permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 27 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date]][Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
[_] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal 
Amount: 
[_] 
(i) 
[Series: 
[_]] 
(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[_]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[_] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [date] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable) 
5. 
(i) Specified 
Denominations: 
[_] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[_] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations) 
6. 
(i) Issue Date: 
[_] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[_ ]/[Not Applicable]] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes or any 
other rate where the Interest Period end date(s) 
are adjusted) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
(N.B. The Maturity Date [should not be/may need 
to be not] less than one year after the Issue Date) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[_] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
 
[Reset Notes] 
[[SONIA/SOFR] [_] month [EURIBOR/[ ]] [+/–][_] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index Linked Interest] 
[Equity Linked Interest] 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
[[_] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[SONIA/SOFR] [_] month [EURIBOR/[ ]] [+/–][_] 
per cent. Floating Rate] Range Accrual] 
 
(further details specified below) 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
 
( 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding)

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
 
[date] paragraph [13/15] applies and for the 
period from (and including) [date], up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [13/15] 
applies][Not Applicable] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put]  
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
(i) Status of the Notes: 
[Senior – Condition 3(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes will apply / Senior Non 
Preferred – Condition 3(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes will apply / Subordinated – 
Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes shall apply] 
(ii) 
[Redemption upon occurrence 
of an MREL Disqualification 
Event and amounts payable on 
redemption thereof: 
[Applicable – Condition 7(i) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes will apply] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes following 
the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification 
Event pursuant to Condition 7(i) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes, the Notes shall be 
redeemed in the amount of [_] per Calculation 
Amount] 
(N B. Only relevant to Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or Restricted EOD Notes)] 
(iii) 
[Restricted EOD Notes: 
[Applicable – Condition 11(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes will apply / Not Applicable] 
(N B. Only relevant to Senior Notes that are 
Restricted EOD Notes)] 
(iv) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[_] [and [_], respectively] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 5.a) in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Notes 
and 
Condition 4.a) in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[_] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [[adjusted in accordance with [Following

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business 
Day Convention] and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) 
for 
the 
definition 
of 
"Business 
Day"]/[not adjusted]] 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(iv) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[_] per Calculation Amount 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[_] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [_][Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vii) 
Determination Dates: 
[[_] in each year][Not Applicable] (N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon) 
(viii) 
Adjustment of Interest Period 
(ix) 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest: 
[Yes/No/Not applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Adjustment Date(s) 
[_] 
Adjustment Margin 
[_] 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions: 
(Condition 4.b) in the Terms and  
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(The following is only applicable in relation to 
Subordinated Notes. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][_] per cent. per annum 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[_] [and [_]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to 
adjustment in accordance with paragraph 
14(xvi)] 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[_] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[_] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [_]][Not 
Applicable] 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[_] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 14(xvi)] 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[_]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[_] [and [_]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with paragraph 14(xvi)] [Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[_] 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[_]

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
 
(xiii) 
Fixed Leg Swap Duration: 
[_] 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360][30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xv) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[_] in each year 
(xvi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_]  
(xviii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[_][Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[_] 
15. 
Floating 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
(Condition 5.b) in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Notes 
and 
Condition 4.c) in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[_][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[_] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[_] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[_] 
 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
(v) 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[_][Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Applicable - SONIA] [Applicable – 
SOFR] 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA Compounded Index Rate / SONIA 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
[with

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
 
Observation Shift] / [with Lag] where “p” is: 
[specify number] London Business Days [being 
no less than 5 London Business Days]] 
[SOFR Compounded Index Rate / SOFR 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
[with 
Observation Shift] / [with Lag] where “p” is: 
[specify number] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days [being no less than 5 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]] 
[_] month [[EURIBOR/[specify other Reference 
Rate]]/[CMS Reference Rate/Leveraged CMS 
Reference Rate/Steepner CMS Reference Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]/Call 
Spread 
Reference Rate/Collar Steepner CMS]] 
 
Reference Currency: [_] 
 
Designated Maturity: [[_]/[The CMS Rate having 
a Designated Maturity of [_] shall be "CMS Rate 
1" and the CMS Rate having a Designated 
Maturity of [_] shall be "CMS Rate 2"]] 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the 
Designated Maturity for each relevant CMS 
Rate) 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[_] 
(In the case of SONIA or SOFR: [The date which 
is [“p”] [London][U.S. Government Securities] 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment 
Date]) 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro): [Second day on which the 
TARGET2 system is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro): [Second [specify 
type of day] prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONCINDX] / see 
pages of authorised distributors for SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate] or [Bloomberg Screen 
Page: SONIO/N Index] / SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate as applicable][●] 
– 
Relevant Fallback 
Screen Page: 
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONIO/N Index] / see 
pages of authorised distributors for SONIA 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
as 
applicable][●]] 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time] 
– 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[For 
example, 
London/Euro-zone 
(where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro)] 
– 
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [_] per cent. per annum] 
 
[Floor means [_] per cent. per annum] 
 
[Leverage means [_] per cent.] 
 
[Leverage 1 means [_] per cent.]

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
 
 
[Leverage 2 means [_] per cent. 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01]  
 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, 
specify relevant screen page and any applicable 
headings and captions) 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation [specify for 
each 
short 
or 
long 
interest 
period]][Not 
Applicable] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][_] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(xv) 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Adjustment Date(s) 
[_] 
Adjustment Margin 
[_] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Condition 7.b) in the Terms and  
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Notes 
and 
Condition 5.b) in the Terms and 
Conditions on the Subordinated Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[_] 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
17. 
Range Accrual Notes 
Provisions: 
(Condition 6 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes) 
[Fixed Rate Range Accrual Note] 
[Floating Rate Range Accrual Note] 
[CMS Range Accrual Note][Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(The following is applicable in relation to Fixed Rate Range Accrual Notes or CMS Range Accrual 
Notes that bear fixed rate interest) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[_] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [[adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business 
Day Convention] and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) 
for 
the 
definition 
of 
"Business 
Day"]/[not adjusted]] 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][ Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(iv) 
Determination Dates: 
[_] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon) (N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_] 
(vi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(vii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(The following is applicable in relation to Floating Rate Range Accrual Notes or CMS Range 
Accrual Notes that bear floating rate interest) 
(viii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[_] 
(ix) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[_] 
(x) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[_] 
(xi) 
Interest Period Date: 
[_] 
 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
(xii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(xiii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_] 
(xiv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
(xv) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[_][Not Applicable] 
(xvi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[_] month [EURIBOR/[ ]][currency] interbank offer 
rate 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[_] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[_] 
(xvii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][_] per cent. per annum 
(xviii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(xix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(xx) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual (Fixed)]

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
 
[[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(The following must be completed in relation to all Range Accrual Notes) 
(xxi) 
Upper Range: 
[_] per cent. 
 
(If the Upper Range adjusts with various periods 
use the table below) 
 
From and 
including 
To be 
excluding 
Upper Range 
 
[date] 
[date] 
[_] per cent. 
(xxii) 
Lower Range: 
[_] per cent. 
 
(If the Lower Range adjusts with various periods 
use the table below) 
 
From and 
including 
To be 
excluding 
Upper Range 
 
[date] 
[date] 
[_] per cent. 
(xxiii) 
Range Accrual Reference Rate: 
[Screen Rate Determination/] 
(A) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[[For example, EURIBOR]/[CMS Reference 
Rate/Leveraged CMS Reference Rate/Steepner 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]/Call 
Spread 
Reference Rate/Collar Steepner CMS]] 
 
Reference Currency: [_] 
 
Designated Maturity: [_]/[The CMS Rate having 
a Designated Maturity of [_]] 
– 
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01] 
 
(In the case of a CMS Range Accrual Note, 
specify relevant screen page and any applicable 
headings and captions) 
– 
Range Accrual 
Reference Rate 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Daily Observation][Specify other period] 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time] 
– 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[For 
example, 
London/Euro-zone 
(where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro)] 
– 
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [_] per cent. per annum] 
 
[Floor means [_] per cent. per annum] 
 
[Leverage means [_] per cent.]

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
 
18. 
Index Linked Interest 
Note Provisions 
(Condition 
21 
of 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[_] which is [not] a Multi-Exchange Index  
(ii) 
Exchange and Index Sponsor: 
(i) the relevant Exchange is [_] and 
(ii) the relevant Index Sponsor is [_]. 
(iii) 
Related Exchange: 
[Specify/Condition 21 applies] 
(iv) 
Bloomberg Screen: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[_]  
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_]  
(viii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[_] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[_] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(xi) 
Formula to be used to determine 
the 
Index 
Linked 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Barrier Provisions applicable. Memory Effect is 
[not] applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[[Insert specific Valuation Dates]/[The definition 
set out in Condition 21 applies]] 
(xiii) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[_] 
(xiv) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[_] 
(xv) 
Valuation Time: 
(xvi) 
Index Initial: 
[[Insert time]/[Condition 21.l) applies]] 
[_] 
(xvii) 
Interest Barrier Level: 
[_] 
(xviii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[_] [If applicable specify in relation to each 
potential Interest Payment Date][Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[_] [The Calculation Agent]  
(xx) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
(Specify each of the following which applies)

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[(ii)] [The Trade Date is [_]. [If no Trade Date is 
specified, Issue Date will be the Trade Date] 
19. 
Equity 
Linked 
Interest 
Note Provisions  
(Condition 
22 
in 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Share: 
[_]  
(ii) 
ISIN of Share: 
[  ] 
(iii) 
Exchange: 
[  ] 
(iv) 
Related Exchange: 
[  ] 
(v) 
Settlement Price: 
[  ][As set out in Condition 22] 
(vi) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[_] 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_] 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[_] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[_] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(xii) 
Formula to be used to determine 
the 
Equity 
Linked 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Barrier Provisions applicable.] [Memory Effect is 
[not] applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[[Insert specific Valuation Dates]/[The definition 
set out in Condition 22.k) applies]] 
(xiv) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[_] 
(xv) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[_] 
(xvi) 
Valuation Time: 
[[Insert time]/[Condition 22.k) applies]] 
(xvii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[  ] [Condition 22.k) applies] 
(xviii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[  ] [Condition 22.k) applies]

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
 
(xix) 
Share Initial: 
[_] 
(xx) 
Share Final: 
[_] 
(xxi) 
Interest Barrier Level: 
[_]% 
(xxii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[_]% per annum [If applicable specify in relation 
to each potential Interest Payment Date] [Not 
Applicable] 
(xxiii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[_] [The Calculation Agent]  
(xxiv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change in Law] 
[Failure to Deliver] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[(ii)] [The Trade Date is [_] [If no Trade Date is 
specified, Issue Date will be the Trade Date] 
[(iii)] [The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to the relevant Share] is [_]. 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
[(iv)] [The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to the relevant Share] is [_] 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Index Linked Redemption 
Note Provisions  
(Condition 21 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph and if applicable but item already 
completed in paragraph 18 above, state "See 
paragraph 18 above.") 
(i) 
Index: 
[_] which is [not] a Multi-Exchange Index 
(ii) 
Exchange and Index Sponsor: 
(i) the relevant Exchange is [_] and 
(ii) the relevant Index Sponsor is [_]. 
(iii) 
Related Exchange: 
[Specify/Condition 21 applies] 
(iv) 
Bloomberg Screen: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Formula to determine the Index 
Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Barrier Provisions applicable.  Memory Effect is 
[not] applicable] [Leveraged Floored Index 
Linked Redemption applicable] [Bull on Index] 
[Bull and Bear on Index] 
Barrier Level: [_] 
Floored Redemption Amount: [_]

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
 
Capped Redemption Amount: [_] 
Leverage: [_] 
[Insert if Bull on Index is applicable: 
Strike Level: [_]% of Index Initial] 
K1: [   ]% 
K2: [   ]%] 
[Insert if Bull and Bear on Index is applicable: 
Strike Level: [_]] 
Barrier Level: [_]] 
K1: [   ]% 
K2: [   ]% 
K3: [   ]% 
K4: [  ]%] 
(vi) 
Valuation Date(s): 
(vii) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
(viii) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[[[Insert specific Valuation Dates]/[The definition 
set out in Condition 21 applies]] ] 
[_] 
[_] 
(ix) 
Valuation Time: 
(x) 
Index Initial: 
[[Insert time]/[Condition 21.l) applies]] 
[_] 
(xi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
(Specify each of the following which applies.) 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[(ii)] [The Trade Date is [_]. [If no Trade Date is 
specified, Issue Date will be the Trade Date] 
(xii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[[Applicable:]/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level][Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify][See definition in Condition 21.l)] 
– 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[_][adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[specify 
any 
applicable 
Business Centre (s)]/not adjusted] 
– 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Level: 
[_]

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
 
– 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[_] 
– 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[_] 
21. 
Equity 
Linked 
Redemption 
Note 
Provisions:  
(Condition 
22 
in 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph. If applicable, 
complete items (i) – (v) below in relation to each 
relevant Share)) 
(i) 
Share: 
[_] 
(ii) 
ISIN of Share: 
[_] 
(iii) 
Exchange: 
[_] 
(iv) 
Related Exchange: 
[_] 
(v) 
FX Pages and FX Conversion 
Times 
(Specify and repeat in relation to each Share for 
which the quotation currency is different from the 
Specified Currency): [In relation to [specify 
Share]: the FX Page is [insert] and the FX 
Conversion Time is [specify][a.m./p.m.][insert 
city] time] 
(vi) 
Formula to determine the Equity 
Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Barrier Provisions applicable. Memory Effect is 
[not] applicable. Barrier Level [ ]] [Reverse 
Convertible 
Notes 
and 
Physical 
Delivery]  
[Leveraged Floored Equity Linked Redemption 
applicable] [Autocall with Worst of Shares] 
Barrier Level: [_] 
Floored Redemption Amount: [_] 
Capped Redemption Amount: [_] 
Leverage: [_] 
Strike Price: [_] 
K1: [_] % 
(vii) 
Settlement Price: 
[_] [As set out in Condition 22]  
[Exchange Rate: [_]][Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
any amount due under the 
Notes: 
[_] [The Calculation Agent] 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[_]  
Initial Valuation Date: [_] 
Final Valuation Date: [_] 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
(xi) 
Share Initial: 
(xii) 
Share Final: 
(xiii) 
Strike Price: 
(xiv) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[[Insert time]/[Condition 21.l) applies]] 
[_]  
[_]  
[[]%][Not Applicable] 
[_] [Condition 21.l) applies] 
(xv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[_] [Condition 21.l) applies]

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
 
(xvi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change of Law] 
[Failure to Deliver] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[(ii)] [The Trade Date is [_]  
[If no Trade Date is specified, Issue Date will be 
the Trade Date] 
[(iii)] [The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to the relevant Share] 
is      [_] 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
[(iv)] [The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to the relevant Share] is [_] 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
(xvii) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
Extraordinary 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xviii) 
Share Substitution Criteria: 
[Reference Index/specify/As determined by the 
Calculation Agent] 
(xix) 
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
Additional 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xx) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[[Applicable:]/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[Specify][See definition in Condition [22]] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[insert each relevant potential date ] [adjusted in 
accordance with [Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [specify any applicable Business 
Centre (s)]/not adjusted] 
Automatic Early Redemption Level: 
[_]%  
Automatic Early Redemption Rate: 
[_] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[insert specific dates]/[The Valuation Dates 
specified under the heading "Equity Linked

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
 
Interest Note Provisions" above but excluding 
such date falling closest in time and prior to the 
Maturity Date ] 
22. 
Reverse 
Convertible 
Notes 
and 
Physical 
Delivery: 
(Condition 
22 
in 
the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Initial FX: 
[Insert cross-currency rate and page] 
Final FX: 
[Insert cross-currency rate and page] 
Strike Price Barrier: 
[_] per cent. 
Strike Price: 
[_] per cent. 
Applicable Rate for Calculation of 
Number of Deliverable Shares:  
[Initial FX][Final FX] 
Physical 
Delivery 
Rounding 
Convention: 
[[The number of Deliverable Shares will be 
rounded [up/down]wards to the nearest [_] 
decimal place with 0.[_]5 rounded upwards]/[See 
Condition 22]] 
23. 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 7.d) in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior 
Non 
Preferred 
Notes 
and 
Condition 5.d) in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[_] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[_] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[_] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[_] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days  
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of five clearing system business days' 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and Agent.) 
24. 
Investor Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 7.e) in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the 
Senior Non Preferred Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[_] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[_] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days  
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business days' 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and Agent) 
25. 
Final Redemption 
Amount of each Note: 
(Condition 7.a), Condition 21, Condition 
22 in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and Condition 5.a) in 
the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes ) 
[See paragraph [20/21] above/[_] per Calculation 
Amount 
 
26. 
Early Redemption 
Amount: 
(Condition 7.b), Condition 21, Condition 
22 in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Senior Notes and the Senior Non 
Preferred Notes and Condition 5 in the 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
of 
the 
Subordinated Notes) 
[_]/[Fair Market Value] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27. 
Form of Notes:  
[Bearer 
Notes/Exchangeable 
Bearer 
Notes/Registered Notes] 
 
[Regulation S Global Note registered in the name 
of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
NSS)] 
28. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [ _] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
permanent Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [_] days' notice] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [_] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
permanent Global Note] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005] 
29. 
Green Bond: 
[Yes/Not applicable]

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph and the 
wording below) 
(If Green Bond is applicable include the wording 
below) 
[An amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
Notes will be allocated exclusively to finance or 
refinance, in full or in part, new or existing loans 
and investments that seek to achieve positive 
environmental impacts in accordance with the 
eligibility criteria detailed in the Green Bond 
Framework] 
(Include any relevant disclosure on the specific 
loans and investments that are subject of, or 
related to, the Eligible Portfolio) 
(A) 
Second Party Opinion Provider: 
(B) 
Date of Second Party Opinion: 
[_] 
[_] 
30. 
Additional Financial 
Centre(s): 
[Insert 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s)][Not 
Applicable] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which sub-paragraphs [14(xiv), 15(vi), 17(v), 
17(xii) and 18(vii)]) relate) 
31. 
Talons for future 
Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made][No] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source.] The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [_], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
 ________________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
 
Part B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [specify relevant regulated 
market (for example the Bourse de Luxembourg) 
and, if relevant, listing on an official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from 
[_]][Not Applicable]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that the original notes are already 
admitted to trading) 
(ii) 
Estimated expenses in relation to 
the admission to trading: 
[_] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
[Insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]] and 
associated defined terms]   
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "CRA Regulation"). As such each of 
[defined terms] is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.]] 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [_]] 
 
[Moody's: [_]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]]payable to the [managers/dealers], so far as the 
issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[managers/dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.][not applicable] 
4. 
FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[_][Not Applicable] 
5. 
FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR][specify other Reference Rate] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg].] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SHARE, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT 
AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SHARE 
[Need to include details of the share company, any security identification number of the shares, 
where pricing information about the shares is available, and where past and further performance and 
volatility of the share can be obtained.] [An example of how the value of the investment is affected by 
the share may be included.] 
7. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE INDEX, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF 
INVESTMENT AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
INDEX 
[Need to include the name of the index, the name of the index sponsor.] 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the index can be 
obtained and where pricing information is available].  
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[_] 
Common Code: 
[_] 
[CFI: 
[[Include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]] 
[FISN: 
[[Include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Give name(s) and number(s)[and address(es)][Not 
Applicable] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agents: 
[_] 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agents (if any): 
Calculation Agent: 
[_][Not Applicable] 
[BIL][Insert name of entity] 
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of  
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life.  Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [(and registered 
in 
the 
name 
of  
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered notes].  
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.]] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses of Managers and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting 
commitments] [Not Applicable] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a 
"best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers.) 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[_] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable][Give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable][Give name and address] 
(vi) 
Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[_] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(vii) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions and 
U.S. 
Federal 
Income 
Tax 
Considerations: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] [The Notes are 
[not] Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.] 
[Additional information regarding the application of 
Section 871(m) to the Notes will be available at [give 
name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact].] (The 
Notes will not be Specified Notes if they (i) are issued 
prior to 1 January 2023 and are not "deltaone" for 
U.S. tax purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. 
equity or any index that contains any component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a 
U.S. equity or an index that contains a component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to 
1 January 2023 and provide a return that does not 
differ significantly from the return on an investment 
in the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after 1 
January 2023, further analysis would be required. If 
the Notes are Specified Notes, include the 
“Additional information” sentence and provide the 
appropriate contact information at the Issuer.) 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has 
not determined whether the Notes are Specified 
Notes for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal 
Revenue 
Code 
of 
1986; 
however,

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
 
indicatively it considers that they will [not] be 
Specified Notes for these purposes. This is indicative 
information only subject to change and if the Issuer’s 
final determination is different then it will give notice 
of such determination. Please contact [name(s) and 
address(es) of Issuer contact] for further information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the 
Notes.] (This formulation to be used if the Issuer has 
not made a final determination regarding whether the 
Notes are Specified Notes as of the date of the Final 
Terms) 
(viii) [Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute ‘packaged’ 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)] 
(ix) 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged“ 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)] 
(x) 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)]

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT (EXEMPT) 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"`); (ii) or a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2[MiFID II product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be 
included]] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [●] 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 9CZ7TVMR36CYD5TZBS50 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] [Series Number] [Tranche Number] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Programme for the issue of Euro Medium Term Notes and Warrants 
Part A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors 
for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for 
any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
 
of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 24 June 2022 [[and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus").  
[(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] which are incorporated by 
reference in the base prospectus dated [current date].  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
[Series Number: 
[_]] 
(i) 
[Tranche Number: 
[_]] 
(ii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [provide issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the temporary Global Note for 
interests in the permanent Global Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 27 below, which is 
expected to occur on or about [date][Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency or 
Currencies: 
[_] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal 
Amount: 
[_] 
(i) 
[Series: 
[_]] 
(ii) 
[Tranche: 
[_]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[_] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [date]] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable) 
5. 
(i) Specified 
Denominations: 
[_] 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[_] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor.  Note: There must be a common 
factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) Issue Date: 
[_] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[_] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. 
An 
Interest 
Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes or any 
other rate where the Interest Period end date(s) 
are adjusted) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
(N.B. The Maturity Date [should not be/may need 
to be not] less than one year after the Issue Date)

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[_] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[Reset Notes] 
 
[[SONIA/SOFR] [[_] month [EURIBOR [ ]] [+/–][_] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
[[_] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[SONIA/SOFR] [_] month [EURIBOR [ ]] [+/–][_] 
per cent. Floating Rate] Range Accrual]  
[Equity Linked Interest] 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
 
[Specify other] 
 
[(further details specified below)] 
9. 
Redemption Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on 
the Maturity Date at [100] per cent. of their 
nominal amount] 
[Equity Linked Redemption] 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[Specify other] 
10. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for convertibility 
of Notes into another interest or redemption/ 
payment basis] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
(i) Status of the Notes: 
[Senior – Condition 3(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes will apply / Senior Non 
Preferred – Condition 3(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes will apply / Subordinated – 
Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes shall apply] 
(ii) 
[Redemption upon occurrence 
of an MREL Disqualification 
Event and amounts payable on 
redemption thereof: 
[Applicable – Condition 7(i) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes will apply] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraph of this paragraph) 
[If the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes following 
the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification 
Event pursuant to Condition 7(i) of the Terms and

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes, the Notes shall be 
redeemed in the amount of [_] per Calculation 
Amount] 
(N B. Only relevant to Senior Non Preferred 
Notes or Restricted EOD Notes)] 
(iii) 
[Restricted EOD Notes: 
[Applicable – Condition 11(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Senior Notes and the Senior 
Non Preferred Notes will apply / Not Applicable] 
(N B. Only relevant to Senior Notes that are 
Restricted EOD Notes)] 
(iv) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[_] [and [_], respectively] 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[_] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [[adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business 
Day Convention] and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) 
for 
the 
definition 
of 
"Business 
Day"]/[not adjusted]] 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[_] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[_] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [_] ][Not 
Applicable] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[[_] in each year]][Not Applicable] (N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)). In such a case, insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon) 
(vii) 
Adjustment of Interest Period 
(viii) 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest: 
[Yes/No/Not applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Adjustment Date(s) 
[_] 
Adjustment Margin 
[_] 
(ix) 
Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[None][Give details]

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(The following is only applicable in relation to 
Subordinated Notes. If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly] in arrear [on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][_] per cent. per annum 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][   ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[_] [and [_]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [[in each case,] subject to 
adjustment in accordance with paragraph 
14(xvi)] 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[_] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[_] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [_]][Not 
Applicable] 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[_] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
paragraph 14(xvi)] 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[_]/[Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Reset Date(s) (other than the 
First Reset Date): 
[_] [and [_]] [subject to adjustment in accordance 
with paragraph 14(xvi)] 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[_] 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[_] 
(xiii) 
Fixed Leg Swap Duration: 
[_] 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual(ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xv) 
Reset Determination Date: 
[_] in each year 
(xvi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention][Not Applicable] 
(xvii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_] 
(xviii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[None][Give details][Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Mid-Swap 
Floating 
Leg 
Benchmark Rate: 
[_] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[_][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[_] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[_] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[_] 
 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
(v) 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[_][Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] [Applicable – SONIA] [Applicable – 
SOFR] 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA Compounded Index Rate / SONIA 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
[with 
Observation Shift] / [with Lag] where “p” is: 
[specify number] London Business Days [being 
no less than 5 London Business Days]] 
[SOFR Compounded Index Rate / SOFR 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
[with 
Observation Shift] / [with Lag] where “p” is: 
[specify number] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days [being no less than 5 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]] 
[_] month [[EURIBOR/ specify other Reference 
Rate]/[CMS Reference Rate/Leveraged CMS 
Reference Rate/Steepner CMS Reference Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]/Call 
Spread 
Reference Rate/Collar Steepner CMS]] 
 
Reference Currency: [_] 
 
Designated Maturity: [[_]/[The CMS Rate having 
a Designated Maturity of [_] shall be "CMS Rate 
1" and the CMS Rate having a Designated 
Maturity of [_] shall be "CMS Rate 2"]] 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the 
Designated Maturity for each relevant CMS 
Rate) 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[_] 
 
(In the case of SONIA or SOFR: [The date which 
is [“p”] [London][U.S. Government Securities]

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment 
Date]) 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro): [Second day on which the 
TARGET2 system is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro): [Second [specify 
type of day] prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
– 
Relevant Fall Back 
Screen Page: 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONCINDX] / see 
pages of authorised distributors for SONIA 
Compounded Index Rate] or [Bloomberg Screen 
Page: SONIO/N Index] / SONIA Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate as applicable][●] 
[[Bloomberg Screen Page: SONIO/N Index] / see 
pages of authorised distributors for SONIA 
Compounded 
Daily 
Reference 
Rate 
as 
applicable][●]] 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time] 
– 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[For 
example, 
London/Euro-zone 
(where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro)] 
– 
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [_] per cent. per annum] 
 
[Floor means [_] per cent. per annum] 
 
[Leverage means [_] per cent.]  
[Leverage 1 means [_] per cent.] 
[Leverage 2 means [_] per cent.] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01]  
 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, 
specify relevant screen page and any applicable 
headings and captions) 
(x) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each 
short 
or 
long 
interest 
period)][Not 
Applicable] 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][_] per cent. per annum 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]]

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
 
(xv) 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Adjustment Date(s) 
[_] 
Adjustment Margin 
[_] 
(xvi) 
Fallback provisions, rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating 
to 
the 
method 
of 
calculating interest on Floating 
Rate Notes which are Exempt 
Notes, if different from those set 
out in the Conditions: 
[_] 
16. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable: 
[_] 
17. 
Dual Currency Interest 
Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate of Exchange/method of 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
[Give or annex details] 
(ii) 
Party, if any, responsible for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
[_] 
(iii) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate 
of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[Need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions] 
(iv) 
Person 
at 
whose 
option 
Specified Currency(ies) is/are 
payable: 
[_] 
18. 
Range 
Accrual 
Notes 
Provisions: 
[Fixed Rate Range Accrual Note] 
[Floating Rate Range Accrual Note] 
[CMS Range Accrual Note] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(The following is applicable in relation to Fixed Rate Range Accrual Notes or CMS Range Accrual 
Notes that bear fixed rate interest) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[_] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [[adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business 
Day Convention] and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) 
for 
the 
definition 
of 
"Business 
Day"]/[not adjusted]]

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360][Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(iv) 
Determination Dates: 
[_] in each year [(Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon] (N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(v) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_] 
(vi) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(vii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(The following is applicable in relation to Floating Rate Range Accrual Notes or CMS Range 
Accrual Notes that bear floating rate interest) 
(viii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[_] 
(ix) 
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates: 
[_] 
(x) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[_] 
(xi) 
Interest Period Date: 
[_] 
 
(Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Date) 
(xii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(xiii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_] 
(xiv) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
(xv) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[_] 
(xvi) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
– 
Reference Rate: 
[_] 
– 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[_] 
– 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[_] 
(xvii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][_] per cent. per annum 
(xviii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(xix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[_] per cent. per annum 
(xx) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
 
(The following must be completed in relation to all Range Accrual Notes) 
(xxi) 
Upper Range: 
[_] per cent. 
 
(If the Upper Range adjusts with various periods 
use the table below) 
 
From and 
including 
To be 
excluding 
Upper Range 
 
[date] 
[date] 
[_] per cent. 
(xxii) 
Lower Range: 
[_] per cent. 
 
(If the Lower Range adjusts with various periods 
use the table below) 
 
From and 
including 
To be 
excluding 
Upper Range 
 
[date] 
[date] 
[_] per cent. 
(xxiii) 
Range Accrual Reference Rate: 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
(A) 
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
– 
Reference 
Rate: 
[[For example, EURIBOR]/[CMS Reference 
Rate/Leveraged CMS Reference Rate/Steepner 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Unleveraged/Leveraged]/Call 
Spread 
Reference Rate/Collar Steepner CMS]] 
 
Reference Currency: [_] 
 
Designated Maturity: [_]/[The CMS Rate having 
a Designated Maturity of [_]] 
– 
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01] 
 
(In the case of a CMS Range Accrual Note, 
specify relevant screen page and any applicable 
headings and captions) 
– 
Range Accrual 
Reference Rate 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Daily Observation][Specify other period] 
– 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels 
time] 
– 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[For 
example, 
London/Euro-zone 
(where 
Euro-zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro)] 
– 
CMS Rate 
definitions: 
[Cap means [_] per cent. per annum] 
 
[Floor means [_] per cent. per annum] 
 
[Leverage means [_] per cent.]  
[Leverage 1 means [_] per cent.] 
[Leverage 2 means [_] per cent.] 
19. 
Index Linked Interest 
Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
 
(i) 
Index: 
[_] which is [not] a Multi-Exchange Index 
(ii) 
Exchange and Index Sponsor: 
(i) the relevant Exchange is [_] and 
(ii) the relevant Index Sponsor is [_]. 
(iii) 
Related Exchange: 
[Specify/Condition 21 applies] 
(iv) 
Bloomberg Screen: 
[Specify/Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[_]  
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s): 
 
[_]  
(viii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[_] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[_] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(xi) 
Formula to be used to 
determine the Index Linked 
Interest Amount: 
[Barrier Provisions applicable. Memory Effect is 
[not] applicable] [insert other] 
(xii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
(xiii) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
(xiv) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[[Insert specific Valuation Dates]/[The definition 
set out in Condition 21 applies]] 
[_]  
[_] 
(xv) 
Valuation Time: 
(xvi) 
Index Initial: 
[Insert time]/[Condition 21.l) applies] 
[_] 
(xvii) 
Interest Barrier Level: 
[_] 
(xviii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[_] [If applicable specify in relation to each 
potential Interest Payment Date][Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[The Calculation Agent] [_]  
(xx) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging]

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[(ii)] [The Trade Date is [_] [If no Trade Date is 
specified, Issue Date will be the Trade Date] 
20. 
Equity 
Linked 
Interest 
Note Provisions  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Share: 
[_]  
(ii) 
ISIN of Share: 
[  ] 
(iii) 
Exchange: 
[  ] 
(iv) 
Related Exchange: 
[  ] 
(v) 
Settlement Price: 
[  ][As set out in Condition 22] 
(vi) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[_] 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[_] 
(ix) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[_] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(x) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[_] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
(xi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
(xii) 
Formula to be used to determine 
the 
Equity 
Linked 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Barrier Provisions applicable. Memory Effect is 
[not] applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[[Insert specific Valuation Dates]/[The definition 
set out in Condition 22.k) applies]] 
(xiv) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
[_] 
(xv) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[_] 
(xvi) 
Valuation Time: 
[[Insert time]/[Condition 22.k) applies]] 
(xvii) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[  ] [Condition 22.k) applies] 
(xviii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[  ] [Condition 22.k) applies] 
(xix) 
Share Initial: 
[_] 
(xx) 
Share Final: 
[_] 
(xxi) 
Interest Barrier Level: 
[_]%

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
 
(xxii) 
Coupon Rate: 
[_]% per annum [If applicable specify in relation 
to each potential Interest Payment Date] [Not 
Applicable] 
(xxiii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s): 
[_] [The Calculation Agent]  
(xxiv) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change in Law] 
[Failure to Deliver] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[(ii)] [The Trade Date is [_] [If no Trade Date is 
specified, Issue Date will be the Trade Date] 
[(iii)] [The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to the relevant Share] is [_]. 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
[(iv)] [The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to the relevant Share] is [_] 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Index Linked Redemption 
Note Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph and if applicable but item already 
completed in paragraph 19 above, state: "See 
paragraph 19 above") 
(i) 
Index: 
[_] which is [not] a Multi-Exchange Index  
(ii) 
Exchange and Index Sponsor: 
(i) the relevant Exchange is [_] and 
(ii) the relevant Index Sponsor is [_]. 
(iii) 
Related Exchange: 
[Specify/Condition 21 applies] 
(iv) 
Bloomberg Screen: 
[Specify /Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Formula to determine the Index 
Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Barrier Provisions applicable. Memory Effect is 
[not] applicable] [Leveraged Floored Index 
Linked Redemption applicable] [Bull on Index] 
[Bull and Bear on Index] 
Barrier Level: [_] 
Floored Redemption Amount: [_] 
Capped Redemption Amount: [_] 
Leverage: [_] 
[Insert if Bull on Index is applicable:

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
 
Strike Level: [_]% of Index Initial] 
K1: [   ]% 
K2: [   ]%] 
[Insert if Bull and Bear on Index is applicable: 
Strike Level: [_]] 
Barrier Level: [_]] 
K1: [   ]% 
K2: [   ]% 
K3: [   ]% 
K4: [  ]%] 
(vi) 
Valuation Date(s): 
(vii) 
Initial Valuation Date: 
(viii) 
Final Valuation Date: 
[[Insert specific Valuation Dates]/[The definition 
set out in Condition 21 applies]]  
[_] 
[_] 
(ix) 
Valuation Time: 
(x) 
Index Initial: 
[[Insert time]/[Condition 21.l) applies]] 
[_] 
(xi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
(Specify each of the following which applies) 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[(ii)] [The Trade Date is [_]. [If no Trade Date is 
specified, Issue Date will be the Trade Date]] 
(xii) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[[Applicable:]/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level][Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[[_]][See definition in Condition [21(l)]] 
– 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[_]  [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business 
Day 
Convention] 
[specify 
any 
applicable 
Business Centre (s)]/not adjusted] 
– 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Level: 
[_]  
– 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Rate: 
[_]  
– 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[_]

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
 
22. 
Equity Linked 
Redemption Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph 
and 
if 
applicable but item already completed in 
paragraph 21 above, state: “See paragraph 21 
above”. If applicable, complete items (i) – (v) 
below in relation to each relevant Share)) 
(i) 
Share 
[_] 
(ii) 
ISIN of Share: 
[_] 
(iii) 
Exchange: 
[_] 
(iv) 
Related Exchange: 
[_] 
(v) 
FX Pages and FX Conversion 
Times 
(vi) 
Settlement Price: 
(Specify and repeat in relation to each Share for 
which the quotation currency is different from the 
Specified Currency): [In relation to [specify 
Share]: the FX Page is [insert] and the FX 
Conversion Time is [specify][a.m./p.m.][insert 
city] time] 
[_][As set out in Condition 22] [Not Applicable] 
[Exchange Rate: [_] ] [Not Applicable] 
(vii) 
Formula to determine the 
Equity Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
[Barrier Provisions applicable. Memory Effect is 
[not] applicable. Barrier Level [ ]] [Reverse 
Convertible 
Notes 
and 
Physical 
Delivery] 
[Leveraged Floored Equity Linked Redemption 
applicable] [Autocall with Worst of Shares] 
Barrier Level: [_] 
Floored Redemption Amount: [_] 
Capped Redemption Amount: [_] 
Leverage: [_] 
Strike Price: [_] 
K1: [_] % 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
any amount due under the 
Notes: 
[[The Calculation Agent][   ] 
(ix) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[_] 
Initial Valuation Date: [_] 
Final Valuation Date: [_] 
(x) 
Valuation Time: 
[[Insert time]/[Condition 22.k) applies]] 
(xi) 
Share Initial: 
[  ] 
(xii) 
Share Final: 
(xiii) 
Strike Price: 
[  ] 
[[]%][Not Applicable] 
(xiv) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[_] [Condition 22.k) applies] 
(xv) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[_] [Condition 22.k) applies] 
(xvi) 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[(i)] The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply to the Notes: 
(Specify each of the following which applies.) 
[Change of Law]

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
 
[Failure to Deliver] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[(ii)] [The Trade Date is [_].  
[If no Trade Date is specified, Issue Date will be 
the Trade Date] 
[(iii)] [The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to the relevant Share] is [_] 
(N.B. only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
[(iv)] [The Initial Stock Loan Rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to the relevant Share] is [_] 
(N.B. only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)] 
(xvii) 
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of Extraordinary 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xviii) 
Share Substitution Criteria: 
[Reference Index/specify/As determined by the 
Calculation Agent] 
(xix) 
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of Additional 
Disruption Event: 
(xx) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[[Applicable:]/["greater than"/"greater than or 
equal to"/"less than"/"less than or equal to"] 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level][Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify][See definition in Condition [22]] 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Date(s): 
[insert each relevant potential date] [adjusted in 
accordance with [Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [specify any applicable Business 
Centre (s)]/not adjusted] 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Level: 
[_] 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Rate: 
[_] 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[insert specific dates]/[The Valuation Dates 
specified under the heading "Equity Linked 
Interest Note Provisions" above but excluding 
such date falling closest in time and prior to the 
Maturity Date] 
23. 
Reverse Convertible 
Notes and Physical 
Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
 
(i) 
Initial FX: 
[Insert cross-currency rate and page] 
(ii) 
Final FX 
[Insert cross-currency rate and page] 
(iii) 
Strike Price Barrier: 
[_] per cent. 
(iv) 
Strike Price: 
[_] per cent. 
(v) 
Applicable Rate for Calculation 
of 
Number 
of 
Deliverable 
Shares:  
[Initial FX][Final FX] 
(vi) 
Physical 
Delivery 
Rounding 
Convention: 
[The number of Deliverable Shares will be 
rounded [up/down]wards to the nearest [_] 
decimal place with 0.[_]5 rounded upwards]/[See 
Condition 22]] 
24. 
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[_] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[_] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[_] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[_] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of five clearing system business days' 
notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and Agent.) 
25. 
Investor Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[_] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s):  
[_] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days  
 
(When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised 
to 
consider 
the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 15 clearing system business days' 
notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and Agent)

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
 
26. 
Final Redemption 
Amount of each Note: 
[[See 
[paragraph 
22/23][Annex]/[_] 
per 
Calculation Amount] 
27. 
Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[[_]/[Fair Market Value]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
28. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer 
Notes/Exchangeable 
Bearer 
Notes/Registered Notes] 
 
[Regulation S Global Note (U.S.$/€ [_] nominal 
amount) registered in the name of a nominee for 
a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (that is, held under the NSS)] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.] 
29. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [_] days’ notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
permanent Global Note] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [_] days' notice] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [_] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the 
permanent Global Note] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005] 
30. 
Green Bond 
(A) 
Second Party Opinion Provider: 
[Yes/Not applicable] 
(If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph and the 
wording below) 
(If Green Bond is applicable include the wording 
below) 
[An amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
Notes will be allocated exclusively to finance or 
refinance, in full or in part, new or existing loans 
and investments that seek to achieve positive 
environmental impacts in accordance with the 
eligibility criteria detailed in the Green Bond 
Framework] 
(Include any relevant disclosure on the specific 
loans and investments that are subject of, or 
related to, the Eligible Portfolio) 
[_]

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
 
(B) 
Date of Second Party Opinion: 
31. 
Additional Financial 
Centre(s): 
[_] 
[Insert 
Additional 
Financial 
Centre(s)][Not 
Applicable]  
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to 
which sub-paragraphs [14(xiv), 15(vi), 18(v), 
18(xiii) and 19(vii)] relate) 
32. 
Talons for future Coupons 
to 
be 
attached 
to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made][No] 
33. 
Details relating to Partly 
Paid Notes: amount of 
each payment comprising 
the Issue Price and date 
on which each payment is 
to 
be 
made 
and 
consequences of failure to 
pay, including any right of 
the Issuer to forfeit the 
Notes and interest due on 
late payment. 
[Not Applicable][Give details]  (N.B. A new form 
of temporary Global Note and/or permanent 
Global Note may be required for Partly Paid 
issues)] 
34. 
Details relating to 
Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[Give details] 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[Give details] 
35. 
Other terms or special 
conditions: 
[Not Applicable][give details] 
36. 
In case the Notes are 
issued in a form not 
contemplated by the 
Terms and Conditions: 
[Specify variations to the Terms and Conditions] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source].The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [_], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
 ________________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
 
Part B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
Listing 
 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be listed on [The official list of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/other][specify 
market – Note this should not be a regulated 
market] with effect from [_]] [Not Applicable] 
 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [Euro MTF market of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange] 
[or 
specify 
market] with effect from [_]] [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [_]] 
 
[Moody's: [_]] 
 
[[Other]: [_]] 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [Not Applicable] 
4. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SHARE, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT 
AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SHARE 
[Need to include details of the share company, any security identification number of the shares, 
where pricing information about the shares is available, and where past and further performance and 
volatility of the share can be obtained.] 
5. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE INDEX, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT 
AND ASSOCIATED RISKS AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE INDEX 
[Need to include the name of the index, the name of the index sponsor.] 
[Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the index can be 
obtained and where pricing information is available].  
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[_] 
Common Code: 
[_] 
[CFI: 
[[Include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website 
of 
the 
Association 
of 
National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]] 
[FISN: 
[[Include code], as updated, as set out on the 
website 
of 
the 
Association 
of 
National

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN/Not 
Applicable/Not Available]] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable][Give name(s) and number(s) 
[and address(es)]] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agents: 
[_] 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agents (if any): 
Calculation Agent: 
[_] 
 
[BIL][Insert name of entity] 
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue 
or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
[(and registered in the name of a nominee of one 
of 
the 
ICSDs 
acting 
as 
common 
safekeeper,][include this text for registered 
notes].  Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments][Not Applicable] 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers)

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[_] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable][Give name(s)] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable][Give name(s) and address(es)] 
(vi) 
Total commission and concession: 
[_] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(vii) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions and U.S. 
Federal Income Tax 
Considerations: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] [The Notes 
are [not] Specified Notes for purposes of Section 
871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986.] [Additional information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Notes will be 
available at [give name(s) and address(es) of 
Issuer contact].] (The Notes will not be Specified 
Notes if they (i) are issued prior to 1 January 2023 
and are not "delta-one" for U.S. tax purposes or 
(ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any index 
that contains any component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to 
U.S. equities. If the Notes reference a U.S. equity 
or an index that contains a component U.S. equity 
or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to 
U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to 1 January 
2023 and provide a return that does not differ 
significantly from the return on an investment in 
the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after 1 
January 2023, further analysis would be required. 
If the Notes are Specified Notes, include the 
“Additional information” sentence and provide the 
appropriate contact information at the Issuer.) 
[As at the date of this Pricing Supplement, the 
Issuer has not determined whether the Notes are 
Specified Notes for purposes of Section 871(m) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
however, indicatively it considers that they will 
[not] be Specified Notes for these purposes. This 
is indicative information only subject to change 
and if the Issuer’s final determination is different 
then it will give notice of such determination. 
Please contact [name(s) and address(es) of 
Issuer contact] for further information regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to the Notes.] 
(This formulation to be used if the Issuer has not 
made a final determination regarding whether the 
Notes are Specified Notes as of the date of the 
Pricing Supplement) 
(viii) [Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)] 
(ix) 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged“ 
products and  no key information document will 
be prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)] 
(x) 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel 
before 
disapplying 
this 
selling 
restriction)]

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR THE WARRANTS (NON-EXEMPT) 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms for the Warrants which will be completed for each Tranche of 
Warrants which are not Exempt Warrants issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Warrants are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Warrants are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]4[5MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Warrants is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Warrants to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] . 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
6[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Warrants to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any 
negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a 
                                                     
3 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Warrants potentially constitute "packaged" products 
and no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors 
for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
4 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for 
any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
5 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target 
market approach. 
6 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target 
market approach (UK).

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
7[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; EITHER8 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Warrants are 
appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR 9[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Warrants to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID 
II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Warrants (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]10.] 
11[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Warrants is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Warrants are 
appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Warrants to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, 
as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Warrants (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, 
subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
 
                                                     
7 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach. 
8 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
9 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are 
deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the 
Warrants constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to 
make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
10 If the Warrants constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the 
need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised 
sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
11 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach (UK).

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 9CZ7TVMR36CYD5TZBS50 
Issue of [Title of Warrants] [Series Number] [Tranche Number] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Programme for the issue of Euro Medium Term Notes and Warrants 
 
Part A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 24 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the "Base Prospectus"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Warrants described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on 
[Issuer's /Financial Intermediaries'/regulated market's] website. 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [18 May 2018/15 February 2019/28 June 
2019/26 June 2020/25 June 2021] which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 
24 June 2022. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Warrants described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 
24 June 2022 [and the supplement to it dated [●] which together, constitute[s] a base prospectus for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
Base Prospectus has been published on [Issuer's /Financial Intermediaries'/regulated market's] 
website.] 
(N.B. If there has been any adverse change in the financial position or results of operations of 
the Issuer or of the BIL Group in each case which is material in the context of the Programme or the 
issue and offering of Warrants thereunder, since the date of last audited accounts or interim accounts 
(if later), then such disclosure should be made by means of a prospectus supplement.) 
A. 
ISSUE DETAILS 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
(iii) 
Date on which the Warrants will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[_] 
[_]] 
The Warrants will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series 
with 
[provide 
issue 
amount/ISIN/settlement date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date][Not Applicable]] 
2. 
Title: 
[Call/Put] Warrants linked to [_] 
3. 
Number: 
[] [Not Applicable] 
4. 
Call: 
The Warrants are [Call/Put] Warrants. 
5. 
Warrant Style: 
The Warrants are [American/European] Style 
Warrants. 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[_] 
7. 
Trade Date: 
[_] 
8. 
First Exercise Date: 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
9. 
Final Exercise Date: 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
10. 
Exercise 
Date 
or 
Exercise 
Dates 
(European Style only): 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Automatic Exercise:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[_] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
 
13. 
Maximum Exercise Number (American 
Style only): 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Calculation Agent:  
[Name and address] 
15. 
Date of resolution of Board of Directors 
of the Issuer approving the issue of the 
Warrants: 
[_] 
16. 
Issue Price: 
[_] 
B. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE TYPE OF WARRANTS 
17. 
Cash Settlement Provisions in relation to 
Index Linked Warrants: 
(General Condition 4.b)(i)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
This section should set out the rights attaching to the Warrants on exercise. It should 
generally include definitions of: 
(i) 
"Index": 
[_] 
(ii) 
"Index Sponsor": 
[_] 
(iii) 
"Bloomberg Screen": 
[_] 
(iv) 
"Exchange": 
[_] 
(v) 
"Business Day": 
[means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in [_] and London]. 
(vi) 
"Settlement Date": 
means [the [number of days] Business Day 
following the Valuation Date]. 
(vii) 
"Settlement Currency": 
[_] 
(viii) 
"Initial Valuation Date": 
[_] 
(ix) 
"Final Valuation Date": 
[_] 
(x) 
"NA": 
[  ] per Warrant 
18. 
Cash 
Settlement 
Provisions in relation to 
ETF Linked Warrants: 
(General Condition 4.b)(ii)) 
[Applicable. The Warrants are [Call][Put] ETF 
Linked Warrants/Not Applicable] 
This section should set out the rights attaching to the Warrants on exercise. It should 
generally include definitions of: 
(i) 
"Exchange Traded Fund": 
[_] 
(ii) 
"ETF Issuer": 
[_] 
(iii) 
"ETF Share": 
[_] 
(iv) 
ISIN of ETF Share: 
[_] 
(v) 
"Bloomberg Screen": 
[_] 
(vi) 
"Business Day": 
[means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in [_] and London]. 
(vii) 
"Settlement Date": 
[means [the [number of days] Business Day 
following the Valuation Date] / [the [number of 
days] Business Day following receipt of the 
Exercise Notice by the Issuer]. 
(viii) 
"Settlement Currency": 
[_] 
(ix) 
"Initial Valuation Date": 
[_]

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
 
(x) 
"Final Valuation Date": 
[_] 
(xi) 
"Strike Price": 
[[  ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
"NA": 
[  ] per Warrant 
19. 
Physical 
Settlement 
Provisions 
in 
relation to ETF Linked Warrants: 
(General Condition 4.c)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
This section should set out the rights attaching to the Warrants on exercise. It should 
generally include definitions of: 
(i) 
"Exchange Traded Fund": 
(ii) 
"ETF Issuer": 
[_] 
[_] 
(iii) 
"ETF Share": 
[_] 
(iv) 
ISIN of ETF Share: 
[_] 
(v) 
"Bloomberg Screen": 
[_] 
(vi) 
"Exchange": 
[_] 
(vii) 
"Exercise Price": 
means the Closing Price which will be notified to 
Warrantholder in accordance with Warrant 
Condition 15. 
(viii) 
"Share Amount": 
means a fraction of ETF Shares calculated in 
accordance with  
Parity
1
 
(ix) 
"Parity": 
means the number of Warrants required for the 
delivery of one ETF Share to the relevant 
Warrantholder and the Parity will be notified to 
Warrantholders on the Initial Valuation Day in 
accordance with Warrant Condition 15. [The 
Parity is expected to be [_] Warrants for delivery 
of one ETF Share.] 
(x) 
"Business Day": 
means [a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in [_] and London]. 
(xi) 
"Settlement Date": 
means [the [number of days] Business Day 
following the Valuation Date]. 
(xii) 
"Initial Valuation Date": 
[  ] 
(xiii) 
["Cash Floor": 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: 
"Cash Floor Barrier Level": [  ] 
"Cash Settlement Amount": [  ]] 
(xiv) 
14. 
“NA”: 
[  ] per Warrant 
C. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE WARRANTS 
Form of Warrants: 
Permanent Global Warrant exchangeable for 
Definitive Warrants in the limited circumstances 
specified in the permanent Global Warrant. 
[Warrants shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.]

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source.] The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [_], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
 ________________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
 
Part B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Warrants to 
be admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market (for example the Bourse de 
Luxembourg) and, if relevant, listing on an official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with 
effect from [_]][Not Applicable] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that the original Warrants are already 
admitted to trading) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Warrants to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Warrants of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
[Insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)]] and 
associated defined terms]   
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the CRA Regulation). As such each of [defined 
terms] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.]] 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [_]] 
 
[Moody's: [_]] 
 
[[Other]: [_]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Warrants of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating) 
3. 
NOTIFICATION 
[The Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financíer [has been requested to provide/has 
provided [include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or 
update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues]] the [include names of 
competent authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] [Not Applicable] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Warrants has an interest material to the 
offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER[, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES] 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[_] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from 
general funding purposes of the Issuer, will need 
to include those reasons here.)] 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds: 
[_]] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding) 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses: 
[_] [Include breakdown of expenses]] 
6. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE [INDEX[ [ETF SHARE] [AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING [THE [INDEX] [ETF SHARE] 
• 
(Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the [Index] 
[ETF Share] can be obtained.)  
• 
(Where the underlying is an index, include the name of the index and details of where 
information about the index can be obtained.) 
• 
(Where the underlying is an exchange traded fund, include the name of the exchange 
traded fund and details of where information about exchange traded fund can be obtained.) 
(When completing the above paragraphs, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information (specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained)][does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[_] 
Common Code: 
[_] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable][Give name(s) and number(s) 
[and address(es)]] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
Names and addresses of Fiscal Agent: 
[_] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
and 
addresses 
of 
Managers 
and 
underwriting commitments: 
[Give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments] 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[_] 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
and 
address of relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable][Give name and address] 
(v) 
Total commission and concession: 
[_] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]]; TEFRA 
not applicable 
(vii) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining placeholders of this 
paragraph (vii) and also paragraph 9 below)  
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the 
issuer intends to make Non-exempt Offers 
(where the Base Prospectus lists the Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions, select from that list), which 
must therefore be jurisdictions where the Base 
Prospectus and any supplements have been 
passported (in addition to the jurisdiction where 
approved and published)] 
Offer Period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date] (the "Offer 
Period")[save in case of early termination due to 
oversubscription] 
Financial intermediaries granted 
specific consent to use the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the 
Conditions in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial 
intermediaries 
receiving 
consent 
(specify 
consent)] [Please refer to the Dealer specified 
above] 
(viii) General Consent:  
(ix) 
Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other conditions to 
which the consent given is subject]. 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make 
a Non-exempt offer [where there is no exemption 
from the obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation to publish a prospectus] in relevant 
jurisdictions.  No such offer should be made in 
any relevant jurisdiction until those requirements 
have been met.  Non-exempt offers may only be 
made into jurisdictions in which the base 
prospectus (and any supplement) has been 
notified/passported.) 
(x) 
[Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Warrants do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Warrants 
may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)] 
(xi) 
[Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:  
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” 
products 
or the Warrants do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Warrants may constitute “packaged“ products 
and  no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)] 
(xii) 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian 
counsel 
before 
disapplying 
this 
selling 
restriction)] 
9. 
[TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 8(vii) above is specified to be Not Applicable because there is 
no Non-exempt Offer) 
(i) 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price – specify] 
(ii) 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(iii) 
Description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(iv) 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(v) 
Time 
period 
(including 
any 
possible 
amendments) 
during 
which the offer will be open and 
description 
of 
the 
application 
process: 
[_] 
(vi) 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(vii) 
Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and delivering 
the Warrants: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(viii) Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be made 
public: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(ix) 
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
subscription rights and treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(x) 
Whether tranche(s) have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(xi) 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and the indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(xii) 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable][Give details] 
(xiii) Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place.  
The Authorised Offerors identified in paragraph [8] 
above. 
(xiv) [Name and address of the entities 
which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through 
bid and offer rates and description 
[None][Give details]]

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
 
of 
the 
main 
terms 
of 
their 
commitment:] 
10. 
U.S. TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
[The Warrants are [not] Specified Warrants for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986.] [Additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the 
Warrants will be available at [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact].] (The Warrants will 
not be Specified Warrants if they (i) are issued prior to 1 January 2023 and are not "delta-one" for 
U.S. tax purposes or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the Warrants reference 
a U.S. equity or an index that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect 
exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to 1 January 2023 and provide a return that does 
not differ significantly from the return on an investment in the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after 
1 January 2023, further analysis would be required. If the Warrants are Specified Warrants, include 
the “Additional information” sentence and provide the appropriate contact information at the Issuer.) 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has not determined whether the Warrants are 
Specified Warrants for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
however, indicatively it considers that they will [not] be Specified Warrants for these purposes. This 
is indicative information only subject to change and if the Issuer’s final determination is different then 
it will give notice of such determination. Please contact [name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] 
for further information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Warrants.] (This formulation 
to be used if the Issuer has not made a final determination regarding whether the Warrants are 
Specified Warrants as of the date of the Final Terms.)

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
 
SUMMARY OF THE WARRANTS 
[Insert completed issue-specific Summary for the Warrants]

--- Page 303 ---
0067356-0000088 
EUO2: 
2002236199.28 
303 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT FOR THE WARRANTS (EXEMPT) 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Warrants, whatever the denomination of those Warrants, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Warrants are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) or a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Warrants are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[MiFID II product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [●] 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 9CZ7TVMR36CYD5TZBS50 
Issue of [Title of Warrants] [Series Number] [Tranche Number] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Programme for the issue of Euro Medium Term Notes and Warrants 
Part A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Warrants may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
                                                     
1 Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Warrants potentially constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail 
investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for 
any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 304 ---
0067356-0000088 
EUO2: 
2002236199.28 
304 
 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 24 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and 
[date]] ([together] the "Base Prospectus").  
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being 
increased was issued under a Base Prospectus (or equivalent) with an earlier date.) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] which are incorporated by 
reference in the base prospectus dated [current date].  
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual)  
(N.B. If there has been any adverse change in the financial position or results of operations of 
the Issuer or of the BIL Group in each case which is material in the context of the Programme or the 
issue and offering of Warrants thereunder, since the date of last audited accounts or interim accounts 
(if later), then such disclosure should be made by means of a prospectus supplement.) 
 
A. 
ISSUE DETAILS 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
(iii) 
[Date on which the Warrants will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
[_] 
[_] 
The Warrants will be consolidated and form a 
single 
Series 
with 
[provide 
issue 
amount/ISIN/settlement date/issue date of earlier 
Tranches] on [the Issue Date] [Not Applicable]] 
2. 
Title:  
[Call/Put] Warrants linked to [_]  
3. 
Number: 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
4. 
Call / Put:  
The Warrants are [Call/Put] Warrants. 
5. 
Warrant Style: 
The Warrants are [American/European] Style 
Warrants. 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[_] 
7. 
Trade Date: 
[_] 
8. 
First Exercise Date: 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
9. 
Final Exercise Date: 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
10. 
Exercise 
Date 
or 
Exercise 
Dates 
(European Style only): 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
11. 
Automatic Exercise:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
12. 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
13. 
Maximum Exercise Number (American 
Style only): 
[_] [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Calculation Agent:  
[Name and address] 
15. 
Date of resolution of Board of Directors 
of the Issuer approving the issue of the 
Warrants: 
[_] 
16. 
Issue Price: 
[_] 
B.  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE TYPE OF WARRANTS 
17. 
Cash Settlement Provisions in relation to 
Index Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
This section should set out the rights attaching to the Warrants on exercise. It should 
generally include definitions of:

--- Page 305 ---
0067356-0000088 
EUO2: 
2002236199.28 
305 
 
 
(i) 
"Index": 
[_] 
(ii) 
"Index Sponsor": 
[_] 
(iii) 
"Bloomberg Screen": 
[_] 
(iv) 
"Exchange": 
[_] 
(v) 
"Business Day": 
[means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in [_] and London] 
(vi) 
"Settlement Date": 
[means the [number of days] Business Day 
following the Valuation Date]. 
(vii) 
"Settlement Currency": 
[_] 
(viii) 
"Initial Valuation Date": 
[_] 
(ix) 
"Final Valuation Date": 
[_] 
(x) 
"NA": 
[  ] per Warrant 
18. 
Cash 
Settlement 
Provisions in relation to 
ETF Linked Warrants: 
(General Condition 4.b)(ii)) 
[Applicable. 
The 
Warrants 
are 
[Call][Put] 
Warrants /Not Applicable] 
This section should set out the rights attaching to the Warrants on exercise. It should 
generally include definitions of: 
(i) 
"Exchange Traded Fund": 
[_] 
(ii) 
"ETF Issuer": 
[_] 
(iii) 
"ETF Share": 
[_] 
(iv) 
ISIN of ETF Share: 
[_] 
(v) 
"Bloomberg Screen": 
[_] 
(vi) 
"Business Day": 
[means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in [_] and London]. 
(vii) 
"Settlement Date": 
means [the [number of days] Business Day 
following the Valuation Date]. 
(viii) 
"Settlement Currency": 
[_] 
(ix) 
"Initial Valuation Date": 
[_] 
(x) 
"Final Valuation Date": 
[_] 
(xi) 
"Strike Price": 
[[  ] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(xii) 
"NA": 
[  ] per Warrant 
19. 
Physical 
Settlement 
Provisions 
in 
relation to ETF Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
This section should set out the rights attaching to the Warrants on exercise. It should 
generally include definitions of: 
(i) 
"Exchange Traded Fund": 
[_] 
(ii) 
"ETF Issuer": 
[_] 
(iii) 
"ETF Share": 
[_] 
(iv) 
"ISIN of ETF Share": 
[_] 
(v) 
"Bloomberg Screen": 
[_] 
(vi) 
"Exchange": 
[_]

--- Page 306 ---
0067356-0000088 
EUO2: 
2002236199.28 
306 
 
 
(vii) 
"Exercise Price": 
means the Closing Price which will be notified to 
Warrantholder in accordance with Warrant 
Condition 15. 
(viii) 
"Share Amount": 
means [a fraction] of ETF Shares calculated in 
accordance with  
Parity
1
 
(ix) 
"Parity": 
means the number of Warrants required for the 
delivery of one ETF Share to the relevant 
Warrantholder and the Parity will be notified to 
Warrantholders on the Initial Valuation Day in 
accordance with Warrant Condition 15. [The 
Parity is expected to be [_] Warrants for delivery 
of one ETF Share.] 
(x) 
"Business Day":  
[means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks are open for business 
in [_] and London]. 
(xi) 
"Settlement Date": 
[means the [number of days] Business Day 
following the Valuation Date]. 
(xii) 
"Initial Valuation Date": 
[_] 
(xiii) 
"Cash Floor": 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: 
"Cash Floor Barrier Level": [  ] 
"Cash Settlement Amount": [  ]] 
(xiv) 
“NA”: 
[  ] per Warrant 
C.  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE WARRANTS 
Form of Warrants: 
Permanent Global Warrant exchangeable for 
Definitive Warrants in the limited circumstances 
specified in the permanent Global Warrant 
[Warrants shall not be physically delivered in 
Belgium, except to a clearing system, a 
depository or other institution for the purpose of 
their immobilisation in accordance with article 4 
of the Belgian Law of 14 December 2005.] 
In case the Warrants are issued in a form 
not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions: 
[Specify variations to the Terms and Conditions] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION] 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [_], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  
 ________________________  
Duly authorised

--- Page 307 ---
0067356-0000088 
EUO2: 
2002236199.28 
307 
 
 
Part B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[The official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/other [specify][None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Warrants to 
be admitted to trading on [Euro MTF market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [or specify 
market – note this should not be a regulated 
market] with effect from [_]] [Not Applicable] 
  
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that the original Warrants are already 
admitted to trading) 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Warrants to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Warrants of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
[Insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies)].] and 
associated defined terms].   
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”).]] 
 
[Standard & Poor's: [_]] 
 
[Moody's: [_]] 
 
[[Other]: [_]] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Warrants of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Warrants has an interest material to the 
offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [Not Applicable] 
4. 
PERFORMANCE OF THE [INDEX] [ETF SHARE] 
AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE [INDEX] [ETF SHARE] 
• 
(Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the [Index] 
[ETF Share] can be obtained).  
• 
(Where the underlying is an index, include the name of the index and details of where 
information about the index can be obtained.) 
• 
(Where the underlying is an exchange traded fund, include the name of the exchange traded 
fund and details of where information about exchange traded fund can be obtained.)

--- Page 308 ---
0067356-0000088 
EUO2: 
2002236199.28 
308 
 
 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained][does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN: 
[_] 
Common Code: 
[_] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable][Give name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment  
Names and addresses of Fiscal 
Agent: 
[_] 
6. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Warrants do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Warrants may constitute "packaged" products and no 
key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)] 
7. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Warrants clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Warrants do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Warrants may constitute "packaged" products and no 
key 
information 
document 
will 
be 
prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)] 
8. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO BELGIAN CONSUMERS: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)] 
9. 
U.S. TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
[The Warrants are [not] Specified Warrants for purposes of Section 871(m).] [Additional 
information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Warrants will be available at [give 
name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact].] (The Warrants will not be Specified Warrants if they (i) 
are issued prior to 1 January 2023 and are not "delta-one" for U.S. tax purposes or (ii) do not reference 
any U.S. equity or any index that contains any component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or 
indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the Warrants reference a U.S. equity or an index that contains a 
component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are 
issued prior to 1 January 2023 and provide a return that does not differ significantly from the return on 
an investment in the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after 1 January 2023, further analysis would 
be required. If the Warrants are Specified Warrants, include the “Additional information” sentence and 
provide the appropriate contact information at the Issuer.) 
[As at the date of this Pricing Supplement, the Issuer has not determined whether the Warrants 
are Specified Warrants for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
however, indicatively it considers that they will [not] be Specified Warrants for these purposes. This is 
indicative information only subject to change and if the Issuer’s final determination is different then it 
will give notice of such determination. Please contact [name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for 
further information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Warrants.] (This formulation to

--- Page 309 ---
0067356-0000088 
EUO2: 
2002236199.28 
309 
 
 
be used if the Issuer has not made a final determination regarding whether the Warrants are Specified 
Warrants as of the date of the Pricing Supplement)

--- Page 310 ---
0067356-0000088 
EUO2: 
2002236199.28 
310 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection 
with the amending and updating of the Programme. The issue of the Notes and the Warrants 
and the supplementing and/or restating of the Programme and the increases in the limit of the 
Programme were authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors passed on 19 September 
1995, 17 September 1996, 16 September 1997, 21 February 2005, 3 October 2005 and 25 
February 2008. 
2. 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the BIL Group since 
31 December 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the 
Issuer or the BIL Group since 31 December 2021. 
3. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus 
which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer. 
4. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes and/or Warrants will be determined before 
filing of the applicable Final Terms of each Tranche, based on then prevailing market 
conditions. Neither the Issuer nor any of its subsidiaries is the issuer of the underlying shares 
and the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any 
related underlying assets, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations.  
5. 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the 
Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
6. 
Each Bearer Note and Exchangeable Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, 
Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: "Any United States person who holds 
this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including 
the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code". 
7. 
Notes and Warrants have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the 
International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") and the identification number for any 
other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms and the Common Code and ISIN for each Series of Warrants will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms for the Warrants. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert 
II, B-1210 Brussels, Kingdom of Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 
Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the Notes or 
Warrants. 
8. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates 
that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely 
affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent 
research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments.

--- Page 311 ---
0067356-0000088 
EUO2: 
2002236199.28 
311 
 
 
9. 
Electronic copies of the following documents will be available, free of charge, on the Issuer's 
website (https://www.bil.com/en/bil-group/investor-relations/Pages/index.aspx) for 10 years 
from the date of this Base Prospectus:  
(i) 
this Base Prospectus and any supplement hereto and each Final Terms and Final 
Terms for the Warrants,  
(ii) 
the Green Bond Framework; 
(iii) 
the Second Party Opinion; and 
(iv) 
the documents incorporated by reference to this Prospectus listed in section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference". 
10. 
Copy in physical form of the Articles of Association of the Issuer, Agency Agreement (as 
amended, restated or supplemented from time to time) will be available for inspection, free of 
charge, at the specified offices of each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so 
long as any of the Notes and/or Warrants are outstanding.  
11. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, société cooperative (a member of the Institut des Réviseurs 
d'Entreprises (the Luxembourg institute of chartered accountants)) has audited the 
consolidated and the parent company financial statements of BIL as of and for each of the two 
financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and issued unqualified 
independent statutory auditors’ reports thereon. 
12. 
The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange will be available to view on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website 
(www.bourse.lu). 
13. 
Investors should consult the Issuer should they wish to see a copy of the 2006 ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 312 ---
0067356-0000088 
EUO2: 
2002236199.28 
312 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L-1470 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg,  
BNP Paribas 
société anonyme 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
69 route d'Esch 
75009 Paris 
L-1470 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
France 
 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
Investment Bank 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
Germany  
CS 70052 
 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
 
France 
 
 
Credit Suisse International 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
One Cabot Square 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
London E14 4QJ 
28001 Madrid 
United Kingdom 
Spain 
 
 
 
 
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
5 King William Street 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
London EC4N 7AX 
60329 Frankfurt am Main, 
United Kingdom 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Plumtree Court 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
25 Shoe Lane 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
London  EC4A 4AU 
Germany 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
25 Cabot Square 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Canary Wharf 
Zuidplein 98  
London E14 4QA 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
United Kingdom 
The Netherlands 
 
Nomura International plc 
 
UBS AG London Branch 
1 Angel Lane 
5 Broadgate 
London EC4R 3AB 
United Kingdom 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom

--- Page 313 ---
0067356-0000088 
EUO2: 
2002236199.28 
313 
 
 
ISSUING, FISCAL, PAYING AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L- 1470 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L-1470 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
PAYING AGENTS 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L-1470 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L-1470 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69 route d'Esch 
L-1470 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
ARRANGER 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court, 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
INDEPENDENT STATUTORY AUDITORS  
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, société cooperative 
2, rue Gerhard Mercator,  
L-2182 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers in respect of Luxembourg law 
 
Allen & Overy SCS  
inscrite au Barreau de Luxembourg 
5 Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg