--- Page 1 ---
BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
(Incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales) 
$30,000,000,000 
GLOBAL COLLATERALISED MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
supported by a limited recourse undertaking by Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Barclays Bank PLC (the "Bank" or the "Issuer")   may from time to time issue notes under this $30,000,000,000 Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Note Series (the "Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series")  in separate Classes (such notes, the "Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes"  or " Notes") and will utilise the proceeds to make advances to Barclays CCP Funding LLP (the "LLP")  under the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement. The LLP will utilise the proceeds of each such advance to enter into transactions under one or more repurchase agreements (each, a 
"Repurchase Agreement")  with the Issuer, Barclays Capital Securities Limited ("BCSL") , Barclays Capital Inc. ("BCI")  and such other sellers as 
may be appointed from time to time, as sellers thereunder (each, a "Seller") , pursuant to which the LLP will purchase various Eligible Securities (as 
defined herein) from the applicable Seller, subject to such Seller's obligation to repurchase such Eligible Securities on the Repurchase Date (as 
defined herein) for the related Class (as defined herein). The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes represent direct, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank equally among themselves and, with the exception of certain obligations given priority by 
applicable law, will rank pari passu with all other present and future outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer.
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are supported by the LLP Undertakings, and neither the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
nor the LLP Undertakings represent interests in or obligations of the Issue and Paying Agent, the Collateral Administrator, the Applicable Enforcing 
Party, any Custodian, any Securities Intermediary, any Account Bank or any of the other parties to the transactions described herein or any of their 
respective affiliates. The obligations of the LLP under the LLP Undertakings constitute direct, unsubordinated and secured limited recourse 
obligations of the LLP.
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank")  on 1 October 2021 as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). This Base Prospectus 
is valid for 12 months from its date. In case of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in 
this Base Prospectus that may affect the assessment of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note and that arises or is noted between the date of this 
Base Prospectus and the closing of the offer period or the time when trading on a regulated market begins for such Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Note, whichever occurs later, such shall be mentioned in a supplement to this Base Prospectus without undue delay in accordance with Article 
23(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. In accordance with Article 21(8) of the Prospectus Regulation, the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The 
Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of 
this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. Such approval relates only to the 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive No. 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II") and /or 
which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area ("Member State"). The Issuer has requested the Central 
Bank to provide a certificate of approval in accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation (a "passport") in relation to the passporting of the 
Base Prospectus to the competent authorities of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Application will be made to Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") for Classes of Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes within 12 months of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List")  and trading on its regulated market (the 
"Regulated Market") . Application may also be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Notes to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market upon their issuance. The Regulated 
Market and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market are regulated markets for the purposes of EU MiFID II. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer intends to make a market in any Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series has been issued long term ratings of A and short term ratings of A-1 by S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited ("S&P"), long term ratings of A2 and short term ratings of P-1 by Moody's Investors Service Limited. ("Moody's") and long term ratings of 
A+ and short term ratings of F1 by Fitch Ratings Limited ("Fitch"). Please see such page with respect to registration and/or endorsement in the United 
Kingdom and/or the European Union of S&P, Moody's and Fitch. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
Prospective investors should carefully read the risk factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" herein. 
Barclays 
1 October 2021

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
Base Prospectus: This document, as supplemented from time to time, comprises the base prospectus for the 
Programme and gives information with regard to Barclays Bank PLC and its subsidiaries and affiliates taken as a 
whole, the LLP and the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes issued under the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Note Series which, according to the particular nature of the Issuer, the LLP and the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profit and losses and prospects of such Issuer and the LLP. When used for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation, this base prospectus is referred to herein as the "Base Prospectus" and is valid for 12 
months from the date hereof. The Base Prospectus, any applicable supplement thereto and the applicable Final 
Terms for a Class are referred to herein as the "Offering Documents".
Responsibility: The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best 
of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. The LLP accepts responsibility for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms relating to it and the LLP Undertakings. To the 
best of the knowledge of the LLP, such information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely 
to affect the import of such information. 
Ratings: Classes of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Class of Notes is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes 
already issued. Where a Class of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Class of Notes will be (i) issued by a credit 
rating agency ("CRA") established in the European Union ("EU") and registered (or which has applied for 
registration and not been refused) under the Regulation (EC) No1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"); or (ii) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the EU but will be endorsed by a 
CRA which is established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation; or (iii) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the EU but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation will be disclosed in 
the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a CRA established in the EU and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (A) 
the rating is provided by a CRA operating in the EU before 7 June 2010 which has submitted an application for 
registration in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation and such registration has not been refused; or (B) the rating 
is provided by a CRA not established in the EU but is endorsed by a CRA established in the EU and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation; or (C) the rating is provided by a CRA not established in the EU which is certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation. 
Offers in Relevant Member States: This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes (or beneficial interests therein) with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) in any Member State which has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (each, 
a "Relevant Member State") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, as 
implemented in that Relevant Member State, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant 
Member State of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated in 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation to the offer of such Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to the  
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor 
does any of them authorise, the making of any offer of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes in circumstances 
in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Independent Investigation: None of this Base Prospectus or any financial statements or any other financial 
information supplied in connection with the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series or any Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or the Applicable Enforcing Party (as defined herein) that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any financial statements or any other financial information supplied in 
connection with the Series or any Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes should purchase any Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. Investors should conduct their own independent investigations into the financial 
condition and affairs of, and their own appraisal of the creditworthiness of, the Issuer and the LLP and of the

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
suitability of the relevant Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes as an investment in light of their own 
circumstances and financial condition and, in deciding whether to purchase Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes, investors should form their own views of the merits of such an investment based upon such investigations 
and not in reliance solely upon any information given in the applicable Offering Documents. Prospective investors 
should carefully read the risk factors described in the section headed "Risk Factors". 
Change of Circumstances: The delivery of the Offering Documents and any sale of Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes pursuant thereto shall not, in any circumstances, create any impression that the information contained 
therein concerning the Issuer or the LLP is correct at any time subsequent to the date thereof or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. Investors should review, inter alia, the most 
recent consolidated financial statements, if any, and any public announcements, if any, of the Issuer and the LLP 
when deciding whether to purchase any Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
Distribution: The distribution of the Offering Documents and the offer or sale of the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. This document does not constitute, and may not be 
used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is 
not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offering or solicitation, and no action is being 
taken to permit an offering of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action is required. Persons into whose possession the Offering Documents 
come are required by the Issuer and the LLP to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. The 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and the LLP Undertakings have not been and will not be registered under 
the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States (the "United States" or "US") and the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes may be in the form of Bearer Notes (as defined herein) and therefore subject to additional US tax law 
requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may not be offered, sold or, 
in the case of Bearer Notes, delivered within the United States or to US persons (as defined in Regulation S 
("Regulation S") under the Securities Act) or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons (as defined in the US 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the regulations thereunder). The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are 
being offered and sold outside the United States to non-US persons in reliance on Regulation S and, in the case of 
Registered Notes (as defined herein), within the United States only to persons who are both (i) Qualified 
Institutional Buyers ("QIBs") in reliance on Rule 144A ("Rule 144A") under the Securities Act and (ii) Qualified 
Purchasers ("QPs") within the meaning of Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the United States Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act") and the rules and regulations thereunder, in each case, acting 
for their own account or for the account of one or more QIBs who are also QPs in reliance on Rule 144A. 
Prospective investors are hereby notified that sellers of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may be 
relying on the exemption from the provisions of section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. For a 
description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes and distribution of the Offering Documents see the sections entitled "Clearance, Settlement and 
Transfer Restrictions" of the Base Prospectus, "Purchase and Sale" of the Base Prospectus and in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Representations: In connection with the issue and sale of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, no person has 
been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or consistent with the 
Offering Documents and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer, the LLP, the Collateral Administrator, the Issue and Paying Agent, the Applicable 
Enforcing Party, the New York Agent and New York Registrar, the Luxembourg Registrar, any Paying Agent, 
any Transfer Agent, any Custodian or any Dealer. None of the Issuer or the LLP accepts responsibility for any 
information not contained in the Offering Documents. None of the Issuer, the LLP, the Collateral Administrator, 
the Issue and Paying Agent, the Applicable Enforcing Party, the New York Agent and New York Registrar, 
the Luxembourg Registrar, any Paying Agent, any Transfer Agent, any Custodian or any Dealer makes any 
representation or warranty whatsoever or accepts any responsibility with respect to any Collateral for any Class. 
No Investment Advice: None of the Offering Documents is, nor does it purport to be, investment advice. Unless 
expressly agreed otherwise with a particular investor, none of the Issuer, the LLP or any Dealer is acting as an

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
investment adviser or providing advice of any other nature, or assumes any fiduciary obligation, to any investor in 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
References: In any Offering Document, references to "USD", "$", "US$" and "US dollars" are to United States 
dollars, references to "GBP", "£" and "sterling" are to pounds sterling and references to "JPY", "¥" and "yen" are to 
Japanese yen. References to "EUR", "euro" and "€" are to the lawful currency of the Member States that have 
adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended. In any Offering Document references to the "Conditions" are to the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, being the Conditions of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, 
and the applicable Final Terms, and references to "Offeror" are to any person from whom any investor acquires or 
intends to acquire Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and the LLP Undertakings have not been approved or 
disapproved by the US Securities and Exchange Commission, any state securities commission in the United 
States or any other US regulatory authority, nor have any of the foregoing authorities passed upon or 
endorsed the merits of the offering of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or the accuracy or the 
adequacy of the Offering Documents. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United 
States. 
Verification: None of the Collateral Administrator, the Issue and Paying Agent, the Applicable Enforcing Party, 
the New York Agent and New York Registrar, the Luxembourg Registrar, any Paying Agent, any Transfer Agent, 
any Custodian or any Dealer have separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Collateral Administrator, the Issue and Paying Agent, the Applicable 
Enforcing Party, the New York Agent and New York Registrar, the Luxembourg Registrar, Paying Agent and 
Transfer Agent, any Custodian or any Dealer makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any 
responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by 
any Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer, the LLP or the issue and offering of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. The Collateral Administrator, the Issue and Paying Agent, the Applicable 
Enforcing Party, the New York Agent and New York Registrar, the Luxembourg Registrar, Paying Agent and 
Transfer Agent, any Custodian and any Dealer accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort, 
contract, or otherwise which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Each potential purchaser of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes should determine for itself the relevance of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Collateral Administrator, the Issue and 
Paying Agent, the Applicable Enforcing Party, the New York Agent and New York Registrar, the Luxembourg 
Registrar, Paying Agent and Transfer Agent, any Custodian or any Dealer undertake to review the financial 
condition or affairs of the Issuer or the LLP during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus or to advise any investor or prospective investor in the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any Dealer. 
Regulatory Review: The contents of this Base Prospectus have not been reviewed or approved by any regulatory 
authority (other than the Central Bank, which is the Irish competent authority (the "Regulatory Authority") for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation).

--- Page 5 ---
v 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to) any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA. For these purposes: (i) "EEA Retail 
Investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (x) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II, (y) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as amended), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II, or 
(z) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, and (ii) the expression "offer" includes the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling such Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes or otherwise making them available to EEA Retail Investors in the EEA has 
been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA might be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes: (i) a "UK 
Retail Investor" means: (x) a client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (the 
"EUWA"); (y) a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (the 
"FSMA"), of the United Kingdom and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
No. 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (z) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as amended) as it 
forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation", and (ii) the 
expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes or otherwise making them available to UK Retail Investors in the United Kingdom has been 
prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom might be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, EU MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. Solely by virtue of appointment as Dealer on this Programme, neither the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 
(the "EU MiFID Product Governance Rules").UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET 
MARKET - Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes is only eligible counterparties (as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook and professional clients (as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR)), and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to such eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. Solely by virtue of appointment as Dealer on this 
Programme, neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES 
ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) - The Final Terms in respect of any Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes may include a legend titled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" that will state the 
product classification of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities 
and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each 
issue about the classification of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes being offered for purposes of section 
309B(1)(a) of the SFA. Any such legend included in the applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant 
persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Benchmark Regulation: Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to 
certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmark Regulation") If any such reference rate does constitute a benchmark under the EU 
Benchmark Regulation, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by European Securities and 
Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU 
Benchmark Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmark Regulation may have the result that the 
administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at 
the date of the Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmark Regulation is a 
matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final 
Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.  
The Issuer is a "supervised entity" for the purposes of the EU Benchmark Regulation. As a result, from 1 January 
2020, the Issuer may only use a benchmark or a combination of benchmarks in the EU if the benchmark is provided 
by an administrator located in the EU and included in the register referred to in Article 36 of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation or is a benchmark which is included in the register referred to in Article 36 of the EU Benchmark 
Regulation, subject to the transitional provisions and exemptions provided by the EU Benchmark Regulation.

--- Page 7 ---
i 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
OVERVIEW ................................................................................................................................................................ 2
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................................... 16
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ................................................................................................................. 85
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ......................................................................................... 87
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................... 88
DESCRIPTION OF THE LLP .................................................................................................................................. 92
DESCRIPTION OF THE SELLERS ......................................................................................................................... 96
SUMMARY OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ......................................................................................... 98
ELIGIBLE SECURITIES ........................................................................................................................................ 139
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTEHOLDER ALLOCATION REPORTS ................................................................ 140
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR GLOBAL COLLATERALISED MEDIUM TERM NOTES ...................... 170
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE GLOBAL COLLATERALISED MEDIUM TERM NOTES .................. 190
BOOK-ENTRY PROCEDURES FOR RULE 144A GLOBAL NOTES DEPOSITED WITH DTC ..................... 250
CLEARANCE, SETTLEMENT AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS .................................................................. 253
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................................ 259
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER US EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS .................... 270
PURCHASE AND SALE ........................................................................................................................................ 272
SELLING RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................................... 274
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................................. 280
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................................................... I-1 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ..............................................................................................................F-1

--- Page 8 ---
2 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and in the Transaction Documents in respect of Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes. The following constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 22.5(3) of 
Commission Regulation (EC) No. 809/2004 implementing the Prospectus Regulation. Unless otherwise defined, 
capitalised terms used in this Overview shall have the meaning given to them in the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. An "Index of Defined Terms" is included at the end of this Base Prospectus. 
STRUCTURE OVERVIEW 
Barclays Bank PLC
Barclays CCP 
Funding LLP
Barclays Capital Inc.,
.
Barclays Capital 
Securities Ltd.,
Barclays Bank PLC
and other Sellers
to be named
 The Bank of New York  
  Mellon, JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A., 
Clearstream and other
Custodians to be named
Noteholders
Classes are not cross-
collateralised
Collateral held in 
Collateral Accounts and
Pledged to the Applicable
Enforcing Party for the benefit 
of the Noteholders(2)
£€$¥(1)
Issuer
Repo Buyer
Repo Seller
Repo Agreement
LLP Undertaking
Custodian
Collateral
£€$¥(1)
Global 
Collateralised 
Medium Term
Notes
£€$¥(1)
Triparty Custodian
♦ Daily Margining
♦ Collateral Isolation
♦ Collateral Disclosure
♦ Collateral Verification
(1) or other Eligible Currency 
(2) with the exception of Classes in a Shared Collateral Class Group
Intercompany Loan

--- Page 9 ---
3 
GLOBAL COLLATERALISED MEDIUM TERM NOTE SERIES OVERVIEW 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION 
Description: 
 
Barclays Bank PLC has established a programme (the "Programme") 
to issue a variety of securities, including Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes, supported by a limited recourse undertaking by the LLP. 
This Base Prospectus relates to a global collateralised, multi-currency 
medium term note series for the issue of Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes (the "Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series") 
under the Programme. 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are issued pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms. The Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note Series will provide financing 
initially to the Issuer and to BCSL, a UK broker-dealer and subsidiary 
of the Issuer, and BCI, a US broker-dealer and subsidiary of the Issuer. 
The Issuer will utilise the proceeds of the issuance of Notes to make 
advances to the LLP under the Intercompany Loan Agreement. The 
LLP will utilise the proceeds of each such advance to enter into 
transactions under one or more Repurchase Agreements with the Issuer, 
BCSL, BCI and such other Sellers as may be appointed from time to 
time.  
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series will have 
common rights, powers, duties and obligations including (i) the person 
or persons eligible to enter into a Repurchase Agreement with the LLP 
and act as a seller thereunder with respect to such Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note Series, (ii) the person or persons appointed to act 
as a secured party (each, an "Applicable Enforcing Party") with 
respect to any Class of such Series, (iii) the document or documents 
identified as the security documents with respect to such Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note Series, which will govern the 
remedies available to enforce the rights of the Noteholders with respect 
to such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series and (iv) the 
currencies in which notes of such Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Note Series may be issued. See also "Information Relating to the 
Issuer" below. 
Issuer:
 
The Bank. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier:
 
G5GSEF7VJP5I7OUK5573 
Administrator:
 
The Bank. 
Sellers: 
Barclays Bank PLC, Barclays Capital Inc. and Barclays Capital 
Securities Limited. Other Sellers may be added pursuant to the 
GCMTN Series Documents.
Issue and Paying Agent:
The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London branch.
New York Agent and New York
Registrar: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its New York branch.

--- Page 10 ---
4 
Luxembourg Registrar, Paying
Agent and Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch
Calculation Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon or any other Calculation Agent 
appointed pursuant to Section 2.3 of the Agency Agreement.
Dealers:
 
Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Capital Inc. Other Dealers may be 
added pursuant to the Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution:
 
Syndicated or non-syndicated. 
Maximum Amount of the
Series:
 
$30,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), subject to 
increase from time to time. 
Status of Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes:
 
Direct, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer ranking 
equally among themselves and with all its other present and future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (except for obligations 
preferred by law). See also "Status of the LLP Undertaking" below. 
Listing: 
 
On Euronext Dublin and/or other recognised stock exchanges. Unlisted 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may be issued. 
Rating:
 
Classes of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Class of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
revision, suspension, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency.  
Expenses and Taxation:
 
Noteholders must pay all Taxes and/or Settlement Expenses arising 
from the ownership, transfer, sale, redemption, exercise or cancellation 
of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and/or receipt or transfer 
of any Redemption Amount. 
Unless otherwise required by law, all payments on Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes will be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any present or future Taxes. 
Where such withholding or deduction is required by law, the Issuer 
will, unless otherwise specified in the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes, pay additional amounts to 
Noteholders. 
See also "Taxation" below. 
Governing Law:
 
The GCMTN Series Documents are governed by the laws of England 
and Wales, except that there may be Repurchase Agreements, LLP 
Undertakings, Security Agreements, a Securities Account Control 
Agreement and a Deposit Account Control Agreement governed by the 
laws of the State of New York, and certain Custodial Agreements 
governed by the laws of the State of New York or by the laws of 
Luxembourg. The LLP Deed and the Intercompany Loan Agreement 
are governed by the laws of England and Wales. The Administration 
Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York.

--- Page 11 ---
5 
Issue Price:
 
If the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are not interest 
bearing, par less a discount representing an interest factor, if the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes bear a floating rate of interest, par, 
and if the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes bear a fixed rate 
of interest, par or a discount representing an additional yield 
component. The price and aggregate amount of Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes to be issued of any Class will be determined by 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions. 
Maturities: 
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will have such 
maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer.
Currencies:
 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may be issued in any 
currency permitted under the Agency Agreement. 
Minimum denomination 
of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes: 
 
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes shall be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject 
to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements and save that the minimum denomination of each 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Note admitted for trading on a 
Regulated Market within the European Economic Area or offered to the 
public in a Member State in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Form:
 
Bearer or registered or dematerialised form and Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes of one form will not be exchangeable for another. 
Terms:
 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes of any kind may be issued, 
including interest bearing and non-interest bearing. 
Redemption:
 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will be redeemed by 
payment of the principal amount and, in the case of interest bearing 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, interest.
Settlement: 
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will be available for 
delivery to a common depositary or common safekeeper (as applicable) 
for 
Euroclear 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), The Depositary Trust Company 
("DTC"), or to any other recognised clearing system.
Classes: 
Classes of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series will be 
governed by the Final Terms and each Class will have the same terms, 
including ISIN or CUSIP, as applicable, issuance date, maturity date 
and Collateral, as set forth in the Final Terms for such Class.

--- Page 12 ---
6 
Restricted Securities 
Collateral Protocol:
 
If so permitted by the related Final Terms, the Eligible Securities for 
certain Classes of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may 
include Securities Collateral the governing documents for which 
impose restrictions upon its disposition and eligible transferees (such 
Securities Collateral, "Restricted Securities Collateral"). The Final 
Terms and/or the Security Agreement relating to such Classes will 
proscribe certain restrictions on the disposition of such Securities and 
the liquidation process for such Classes (including the rights of certain 
Holders of Classes including Restricted Securities Collateral) (such 
restrictions, 
the 
applicable 
"Restricted 
Securities 
Collateral 
Protocol"). See "Summary of the Transaction Documents — The 
Security Agreement (New York law)" below for further details and 
"Summary of the Transaction Documents — The Security Agreement 
(New York law) — Restricted Securities Collateral" for a description of 
the Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol applicable to Visa B 
Common Stock.  
Shared Collateral Class Groups: 
  
Each Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes subject to 
the same Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol (other than any such 
Class for which a Qualified Directing Investor delivers a Directing 
Investor Notice within the time period set forth in the Security 
Agreement (New York Law)) will share in the liquidation proceeds 
relating to the disposition of each such Class's Class Collateral 
following an Acceleration Event, details of which are set out under 
"Summary of the Transaction Documents — The Security Agreement 
(New York law)" below. 
Programme Documents: 
The LLP Deed, the Intercompany Loan Agreement and the 
Administration Agreement, together with any other documents, 
agreements or instruments executed in connection therewith. 
GCMTN 
Series Documents: 
 
The Agency Agreement, the Security Agreements, the Collateral 
Administration Agreement, the LLP Undertakings, each relevant 
Repurchase Agreement, the Custodial Agreements, the Dealer 
Agreement, the Transaction Bank Agreement, the Custody Agreement, 
the ICPE Collateral Account Agreement, if any, the GCMTN Deed of 
Covenant, the Credit Support Deed, if any, the Securities Account 
Control Agreements and the Deposit Account Control Agreement, 
together with any other documents, agreements or instruments executed 
in connection therewith.  
Selling Restrictions:
 
Offers and sales of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and 
the distribution of the Offering Documents and other information 
relating to the Issuer and the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes, and to the LLP and the LLP Undertakings, are subject to certain 
restrictions, details of which are set out under "Selling Restrictions" 
below. 
LLP UNDERTAKING AND CLASS COLLATERAL 
LLP:
 
Barclays CCP Funding LLP is a special purpose entity established as a 
limited liability partnership in England and Wales. The members of the 
LLP on the Series Closing Date are the Issuer and the Liquidation 
Member (as defined herein). One hundred percent of the economic

--- Page 13 ---
7 
interest in the LLP is owned by Barclays Bank PLC, and the LLP is 
consolidated with Barclays Bank PLC under applicable international 
accounting standards. 
Liquidation Member: 
Barclays Shea Limited (the "Liquidation Member"). All the 
Liquidation Member's issued share capital is held by (or by nominees 
for) Barclays Bank PLC.
Intercompany Loan Agreement: 
The Issuer has entered into the Intercompany Loan Agreement 
(as defined herein) with the LLP. Pursuant to the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement, the Issuer from time to time may make Advances 
(as defined herein) to provide funding to the LLP for purchase of 
Eligible Securities under various Repurchase Agreements. A 
description of the conditions to funding, notices and timing, appears in 
"Summary of the Transaction Documents —The Intercompany Loan 
Agreement" and "Summary of the Transaction Documents —The 
Collateral Administration Agreement – Pre-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments" below. 
Series amendments: 
The Administrator may at any time amend or otherwise modify any of 
the terms of any GCMTN Series Document by complying with certain 
conditions, but generally without the need for consent of the 
Noteholders of any Class. See "Summary of the Transaction 
Documents—The Collateral Administration Agreement—Amendment of 
GCMTN Series Documents" below.
Applicable Enforcing Party:
 
With respect to Collateral for any Class held through the triparty 
custodial system in the United States (or, in the case of any Class the 
Final Terms for which subject the related Securities Collateral to the 
Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol, any applicable custodial 
arrangement wherever situated), The Bank of New York Mellon, and 
with respect to Collateral for any Class held through the triparty 
custodial system in Europe, The Bank of New York Mellon, acting 
through its London branch, in each case as set forth in the Final Terms 
for each Class. 
Collateral Administrator: 
The Bank of New York Mellon acting through its London branch, in its 
capacity as collateral administrator under the Collateral Administration 
Agreement, together with any replacement or successor collateral 
administrator appointed from time to time (each, a "Collateral 
Administrator"). 
Custodians: 
As the context may require, (i) The Bank of New York Mellon, (A) in 
its capacity as custodian under the applicable Custodial Undertaking, 
the CMMA, the Restricted Securities Collateral Custody Agreement 
and the ICPE Collateral Account Agreement, if any, together with any 
replacement or successor custodian appointed from time to time, (B) in 
its capacity as custodian under the Custody Agreement, together with 
any replacement or successor custodian appointed from time to time 
and (C) in its capacity as Master Mortgage Custodian under the BNYM 
Mortgage Custodial Undertaking, together with any replacement or 
successor custodian appointed from time to time (ii) Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, in its capacity as custodian under the CMSA, together 
with any replacement or successor custodian appointed from time to 
time, (iii) JPMorgan Bank, N.A., in its capacity as custodian under each 
Custodial Arrangement, together with any replacement or successor

--- Page 14 ---
8 
custodian appointed under that agreement from time to time, (iv) J.P. 
Morgan Bank Luxembourg S.A., in its capacity as custodian under the 
JPM CMSA, together with any replacement or successor custodian 
appointed under that agreement from time to time, (v) U.S. Bank 
National Association in its capacity as Master Mortgage Custodian 
under the U.S. Bank Mortgage Custodial Undertaking, together with 
any replacement or successor custodian appointed from time to time 
and/or (vi) any other party appointed by the LLP and a Seller in 
connection with the Notes and any Repurchase Agreement, together 
with any replacement or successor custodian appointed from time to 
time, as the context may require (each, a "Custodian"). 
LLP Undertaking:
 
The Series is supported by limited recourse payment undertakings by 
the LLP (i) limited only to the Collateral held on the triparty custodial 
system in Europe and expressed in the Security Agreement (English 
Law) as applicable to such Class ("LLP Undertaking (English Law)") 
and (ii) limited only to the Collateral held on the triparty custodial 
system in the United States (or, in the case of any Class the Final Terms 
for which subject the related Securities Collateral to the Restricted 
Securities Collateral Protocol, any applicable custodial arrangement 
wherever situated) and expressed in the Security Agreement (New 
York Law) as applicable to such Class ("LLP Undertaking (New 
York Law)") and, together with the LLP Undertaking (English Law), 
the "LLP Undertakings" and each an "LLP Undertaking" as the 
context requires). The LLP Undertaking (English Law) was entered 
into as of the Series Closing Date. The LLP Undertaking (New York 
Law) was entered into as of the First Amendment Closing Date. 
Pursuant to the LLP Undertakings, the LLP has undertaken to make full 
and prompt payment, when a Class is Due for Payment, of all Payment 
Amounts with respect to each applicable Class of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes, which may be less than the amount 
that would have been due had such Class been paid on its scheduled 
maturity date in full. A Noteholder's recourse under an LLP 
Undertaking is limited only to the Collateral expressed in the Security 
Agreement as applicable to the Class held by such Noteholder and all 
payments to such Noteholder are limited by and subject to the Pre-
Acceleration Priority of Payments summarised under "Summary of the 
Transaction Documents—The Collateral Administration Agreement" 
and the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments summarised under 
"Summary of the Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement 
(English law)" and "Summary of the Transaction Documents—The 
Security Agreement (New York law)."  
An Acceleration Event may occur with respect to a Class of Notes 
secured by the European System Securities Collateral under the 
Security Agreement (English Law) and with respect to a Class of Notes 
secured by the US System Securities Collateral under the Security 
Agreement (New York Law). Therefore, in the event the amount 
realised upon any liquidation or distribution of Collateral applicable to 
any Class following an Acceleration Event (as defined herein) is less 
than the Payment Amount with respect thereto, no holder of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes in such Class will have recourse to 
any other Collateral, including without limitation, any Class Collateral 
of any other Class, or any excess proceeds derived from the liquidation 
or distribution of the Class Collateral applicable to any other Class 
(provided that Classes in a Shared Collateral Class Group will share

--- Page 15 ---
9 
Class Collateral and the related liquidation proceeds), nor will any such 
holder have recourse to any of the LLP's assets securing any other 
Series or its contributed capital. If, following an Acceleration Event, a 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Note is accelerated on a date prior 
to its maturity date, the Payment Amount will not include interest 
accruing (or discount accreting) for any period after the applicable 
Acceleration Date. See "Summary of the Transaction Documents—The 
LLP Undertakings" below. 
The Security Agreement: 
 
To secure the LLP's obligations to the Secured Creditors, whose 
Collateral for any Class is held through the triparty custodial system in 
Europe, the LLP and the Security Trustee have entered into an English 
law governed security agreement, dated as of the Series Closing Date. 
To secure the LLP's obligations (if any) to the Secured Creditors, 
whose Collateral for any Class is held through the triparty custodial 
system in the United States (or, in the case of any Class the Final Terms 
for which subject the related Securities Collateral to the Restricted 
Securities Collateral Protocol, any applicable custodial arrangement 
wherever situation), the LLP and the Collateral Agent entered into a 
New York law governed security agreement, dated as of the First 
Amendment Closing Date, as may be amended and restated on the 
Second Amendment Closing Date. For the avoidance of doubt, the LLP 
Undertaking in relation to a Class of Notes will be secured by either 
European System Securities Collateral or US System Securities 
Collateral. 
Security Agreement (English Law): 
 
Pursuant to the Security Agreement (English Law), the LLP shall 
transfer to the Security Trustee collateral that constitutes Financial 
Collateral and shall assign all other collateral (other than collateral 
transferred pursuant to any other title transfer agreement, such as the 
Title Transfer Side Letter entered into by the same parties to the 
Security Agreement (English Law) (the "Title Transfer Side Letter")) 
held in a European triparty system to the Security Trustee as an 
Applicable Enforcing Party, in each case for the benefit of the 
European System Secured Creditors of such Class. References herein to 
the Security Agreement (English Law) shall also be interpreted to 
include references to the Title Transfer Side Letter and other similar 
security interest arrangements. The Security Trustee is authorised to 
pursue remedies under the Security Agreement (English Law) on behalf 
of the applicable European System Secured Creditors, and Noteholders 
are not permitted to pursue remedies directly against the LLP or the 
Seller, or to liquidate the collateral. The Security Agreement (English 
Law) also sets forth the priority of payments with respect to European 
System Class Collateral after the occurrence of an Acceleration Event 
for a Class. For a more detailed description of the Security Agreement 
(English Law), the remedies available to the Security Trustee, and the 
European System Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, see 
"Summary of the Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement 
(English Law)" below. 
Any European System Qualified Directing Investor will be entitled to 
certain additional remedies beyond those set forth above. See 
"Summary of the Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement 
(English Law)—Qualified Directing Investors" below.

--- Page 16 ---
10 
Pursuant to the Title Transfer Side Letter, the LLP transfers and agrees 
to transfer by way of absolute assignment to the Security Trustee to 
hold on trust for the Relevant Secured Creditors that are European 
System Secured Creditors all of the LLP's legal and beneficial rights in, 
to and under (a) the Collateral Account held by Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as Custodian, the TB Source Account, and the credit 
balances on, and indebtedness represented by, them and including all 
securities, cash or other property from time to time credited thereto or 
therein; and (b) obligations of Clearstream, Luxembourg under the 
Undertaking and Side Agreement with respect to the Collateral 
Management Service Agreement for Collateral Receiver and the 
Transaction Bank Relationship Management Agreement and related 
side letter (the "Clearstream Rights and Collateral"). 
Security Agreement (New York Law): 
Pursuant to the Security Agreement (New York Law), the LLP grants a 
security interest to the Collateral Agent as an Applicable Enforcing 
Party in the applicable collateral held in a US triparty system (or, in the 
case of any Class the Final Terms for which subject the related 
Securities Collateral to the Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol, 
any applicable custodial arrangement wherever situated) for the benefit 
of the US System Secured Creditors of such Class of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. The Collateral Agent is authorised 
to pursue remedies under the Security Agreement (New York Law) on 
behalf of the applicable US System Secured Creditors, and Noteholders 
are not permitted to pursue remedies directly against the LLP or the 
Seller, or to liquidate the collateral secured by the Security Agreement 
(New York Law). The Security Agreement (New York Law) also sets 
forth the priority of payments with respect to the US System Class 
Collateral after the occurrence of an Acceleration Event. For a more 
detailed description of the Security Agreement (New York Law), the 
remedies available to the Collateral Agent, and the US System 
Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, see "Summary of the 
Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement (New York Law)" 
below. 
Any US System Qualified Directing Investor will be entitled to certain 
additional remedies beyond those set forth above. See "Summary of the 
Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement (New York Law)—
Qualified Directing Investors" below.
Status of the LLP Undertakings: 
The obligations of the LLP under the LLP Undertakings constitute 
direct, unsubordinated and secured limited recourse obligations of the 
LLP. 
A Noteholder's recourse under an LLP Undertaking is limited only to 
the Collateral expressed in the Security Agreement as applicable to the 
Class held by such Noteholder and all payments to such Noteholder are 
limited by and subject to the Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
summarised under "Summary of the Transaction Documents—The 
Collateral Administration Agreement" below. 
Therefore, in the event the amount realised upon any liquidation or 
distribution of Collateral applicable to any Class following an 
Acceleration Event for such class is less than the Payment Amount with 
respect thereto, no holder of the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes in such Class will have recourse to any other Collateral,

--- Page 17 ---
11 
including without limitation, any Class Collateral of any other Class, or 
any excess proceeds derived from the liquidation or distribution of the 
Class Collateral applicable to any other Class (provided that Classes in 
a Shared Collateral Class Group will share Class Collateral and the 
related liquidation proceeds), nor will any such holder have recourse to 
any of the LLP's assets securing any other Series or its contributed 
capital. If, following an Acceleration Event, a Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note is accelerated on a date prior to its maturity date, 
the Payment Amount will not include interest accruing (or discount 
accreting) for any period after the applicable Acceleration Date. 
Issuer Event of Default: 
Each of the following events constitutes an "Issuer Event of Default" 
with respect to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay any portion of the face amount or 
principal or interest, if any, with respect to any of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes on the due date with respect 
thereto; 
(b) 
the occurrence of a Repurchase Event of Default under any 
Repurchase Agreement between the LLP and the Issuer; or 
(c) 
the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer will be prohibited from issuing any new Class of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes if an Issuer Event of Default or 
potential Issuer Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
The occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default by itself does not 
necessarily give rise to an Acceleration Event or result in the 
acceleration of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. For a 
description of the remedies that are available following the occurrence 
of an Acceleration Event, see "Summary of the Transaction 
Documents—The Security Agreement (English law)" and "Summary of 
the Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement (New York law)"  
below. 
LLP Event of Default: 
Each of the following events constitutes an "LLP Event of Default" 
with respect to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes: 
(a) 
the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the 
LLP; or 
(b) 
commencement of winding-up proceedings against the LLP in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the LLP Deed. 
The Issuer will be prohibited from issuing any new Class of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes if an LLP Event of Default or 
potential LLP Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The 
occurrence of an LLP Event of Default automatically gives rise to an 
Acceleration Event and results in acceleration of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. For a description of the remedies 
that are available following the occurrence of an Acceleration Event, 
see "Summary of the Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement

--- Page 18 ---
12 
(English law)" and "Summary of the Transaction Documents—The 
Security Agreement (New York law)" below. 
Enforcement: 
Upon the occurrence of an LLP Event of Default or any other 
Acceleration Event with respect to any Class of which it has actual 
knowledge or written notice, the Applicable Enforcing Party will be 
required to give a written Acceleration Notice to the Issuer and the LLP 
to the effect that, as against the Issuer and the LLP under the applicable 
LLP Undertaking, each applicable Class is, and each Class will 
thereupon immediately become, due and payable at its respective 
principal amount outstanding (including accreted discount) together 
with accrued interest, if any, through the date of repayment. 
Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Note Priority: 
All amounts received by the Applicable Enforcing Party upon 
realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, the security constituted 
by or pursuant to the security documents in respect of the Series shall 
be applied in accordance with the order set out in the section entitled 
"Summary of the Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement 
(English law)" and "Summary of the Transaction Documents—The 
Security Agreement (New York law)" below, unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Taxation in respect of the 
LLP Undertaking: 
Should any payment in respect of the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes, whether by the LLP under the LLP Undertakings or by the 
Issuer, be made subject to any deduction or withholding on account of 
any Taxes, the LLP will not be obliged to pay any additional amounts 
in respect of any such deducted or withheld payment. 
REPURCHASE TRANSACTIONS 
Overview: 
Pursuant to the Repurchase Agreements, the LLP and the Sellers will 
enter into separate transactions (each, a "Repurchase Transaction"), 
each consisting of an agreement of the LLP to purchase Eligible 
Securities from the applicable Seller for cash, with a simultaneous 
agreement by such Seller to purchase equivalent Eligible Securities 
from the LLP on a specified Repurchase Date for cash. In addition, the 
applicable Seller is obligated to post mark-to-market/variation margin 
to maintain the required level of margin to secure its obligations under 
each Repurchase Transaction. 
In connection with the issuance of a Class, the Issuer will issue Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes, and advance the proceeds of such 
issuance under the Intercompany Loan Agreement to the LLP, and the 
LLP will enter into one or more new Repurchase Transactions. 
The Eligible Securities purchased under each Repurchase Transaction 
will be maintained in separate Collateral Accounts for each Class or 
maintained separately on the books and records of the related 
Custodian. The applicable Final Terms for each Class will specify the 
Eligible Securities and each applicable Custodian related to such Class. 
The LLP will use the proceeds of each such Advance to pay the 
Purchase Price for the related Eligible Securities under each 
Repurchase Transaction related to such Advance and entered into on

--- Page 19 ---
13 
such day. The Repurchase Transactions are intended to generally match 
the economic terms, including the tenor, rate of interest and collateral 
eligibility, of the Class issued by the Issuer which provided the source 
of funds for the LLP to enter into and perform its obligations 
thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Class for which the 
LLP has entered into a Repurchase Transaction under New York law, 
the maturity of the related Repurchase Transaction(s) may be shorter 
than the term of such Class. For each of these Classes, the LLP will 
continue to enter into one or more new Repurchase Transactions in 
order to cause the related Repurchase Transaction (in the aggregate) to 
generally match the economic terms of each such Class of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
Eligible Securities: 
The Final Terms for any Class will define what types of securities are 
permitted to be Purchased Securities (such permitted securities for any 
Class, the "Eligible Securities"), under any applicable Repurchase 
Transaction related to such Class. For each Repurchase Transaction, the 
Eligible Securities set forth in the related Final Terms will be included 
in the related confirmation. See further the section entitled "Summary 
of the Transaction Documents—Repurchase Agreements" below.
Margin Maintenance: 
On each day on which banks are generally open for business in both 
London and New York (a "Business Day"), the applicable Custodian 
will determine whether a Transaction Exposure (as defined herein) in 
the form of a Margin Deficit or a Margin Excess exists under any 
applicable Repurchase Transaction. In calculating Transaction 
Exposures, each Custodian will perform its calculations with respect to 
each applicable outstanding Repurchase Transaction separately, such 
that a Transaction Exposure in favour of the LLP (i.e. a Margin Excess) 
with respect to any one Repurchase Transaction will not be deemed to 
cure a Transaction Exposure in favour of the Seller (i.e. a Margin 
Deficit) on any other Repurchase Transaction (except with respect to 
more than one Repurchase Transaction relating to a single Class or 
Shared Collateral Class Group). Each of the LLP and the applicable 
Seller is obligated to cure any Transaction Exposure that exists under 
any Repurchase Transaction by delivering cash or Eligible Securities to 
the applicable Custodian on behalf of the LLP or the Seller (as 
applicable). The LLP will only be required to deliver cash to the extent 
that it has previously received cash from the Seller to cure a 
Transaction Exposure. The LLP and each Seller may agree that no 
transfers to eliminate Transaction Exposures are required if the amount 
to be transferred is less than $100,000 or the Base Currency equivalent 
thereof converted at the Spot Rate; provided, that, with respect to 
Repurchase Transactions relating to Restricted Securities Collateral, the 
threshold amount to eliminate Transaction Exposures shall be 2.0% of 
the Repurchase Price. See further the section entitled "Summary of the 
Transaction Documents—Repurchase Agreements" and "Summary of 
the Transaction Documents—Custodial Agreements" below. 
If the Issuer and the LLP have entered into a Credit Support Deed with 
respect to one or more applicable Sellers to the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note Series, following the occurrence of any 
Repurchase Event of Default where the applicable Seller (other than the 
Issuer or BCSL) is the defaulting party under the applicable 
Repurchase Agreement, the Issuer may (if no Acceleration Event has 
occurred as of such time) at any time during the Election Period

--- Page 20 ---
14 
provide written notice to the Applicable Enforcing Party, the Collateral 
Administrator and the applicable Custodian that it elects to transfer 
cash or Eligible Securities under the Credit Support Deed, having a 
market value (calculated in accordance with the Repurchase Agreement 
to which such Class Collateral relates or if an Issuer Collateral Posting 
Election has been made in connection with to which such Class 
Collateral, in accordance with the related Credit Support Deed) (the 
"Market Value") equal to any Margin Deficit that arises from time to 
time under all Repurchase Transactions related to the applicable 
Repurchase Agreement (the "Issuer Collateral Posting Election"). 
See further the section entitled "Summary of
the Transaction 
Documents—Credit Support Deed" below. 
Repurchase Events of Default: 
Each Repurchase Agreement with a Seller shall set forth customary 
events of default (each, a "Repurchase Event of Default") which shall 
include, among other things, the Seller or the LLP's failure to pay when 
due amounts due to be paid by it under the applicable Repurchase 
Agreement, an Act of Insolvency, failure to maintain margin, incorrect 
or untrue representations by the Seller, and the Seller's inability to 
perform its obligations. 
Upon the occurrence of a Repurchase Event of Default, all of the 
Repurchase Transactions under the applicable Repurchase Agreement 
with such Seller will, at the nondefaulting party's option (which option 
will be deemed to have been exercised immediately upon the 
occurrence of an Act of Insolvency), be accelerated. Accordingly, 
a failure to perform with respect to one Repurchase Transaction may 
result in a Repurchase Event of Default, which would accelerate all 
Repurchase Transactions under the applicable Repurchase Agreement 
with such Seller. As described in "Summary of the Transaction 
Documents—Repurchase Agreements" below, the failure of the 
applicable Seller to make any payment or delivery referred to in the 
applicable Repurchase Agreement in respect of any Repurchase 
Transaction will not be a Repurchase Event of Default if such failure 
arises solely by reason of an error or omission of an administrative or 
operational nature made by such Seller or the applicable Custodian, 
subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
Furthermore, the Issuer will be prohibited from issuing any new Class 
supported by a Repurchase Agreement with such Seller if a Repurchase 
Event of Default with respect to any applicable Repurchase Transaction 
related to any Class has occurred. For a description of the remedies that 
are available following the occurrence of a Repurchase Event of 
Default, see "Summary of the Transaction Documents—Repurchase 
Agreements" below. The occurrence of a Repurchase Event of Default 
by itself does not, however, necessarily give rise to an Acceleration 
Event or result in the acceleration of the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes. For a description of the circumstances giving rise to an 
Acceleration Event and the acceleration of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes, see "Summary of the Transaction Documents—
The Security Agreement (English law)" and "Summary of the 
Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement (New York law)" 
below. 
Acceleration Event: 
Each of the following events constitutes an Acceleration Event with 
respect to a Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes:

--- Page 21 ---
15 
(a) 
the occurrence of an LLP Event of Default; or 
(b) 
(x) the occurrence of a Repurchase Event of Default with 
respect to any Seller under a Repurchase Transaction related to such 
Class and (y) the occurrence of any of the following: 
(i) 
for any Seller in respect of which an Issuer Collateral Posting 
Election could be exercised, the Issuer Collateral Posting Election is 
not validly exercised by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Credit Support Deed by 11:00 a.m. (London time) or 11:00 
a.m. (New York time), as applicable, on the Business Day following 
the occurrence of a Repurchase Event of Default with respect to such 
Seller; 
(ii) 
for any Seller in respect of which an Issuer Collateral Posting 
Election could be exercised, the Issuer exercises the Issuer Collateral 
Posting Election and fails to post margin in accordance with the terms 
of the relevant Credit Support Deed; or 
(iii) 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event for a Class, the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes of such Class will be accelerated 
and the LLP's obligations under the LLP Undertaking with respect to 
such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will similarly be 
accelerated. In connection therewith, the Applicable Enforcing Party 
will promptly commence realisation upon the Collateral for such Class, 
in accordance with the Security Agreement. For a detailed description 
of the remedies that are available following the occurrence of an 
Acceleration Event, see "Summary of the Transaction Documents—The 
LLP Undertakings" below. 
Mortgage Repo Classes: 
In connection with the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time 
issue Classes of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes supported 
by a limited recourse undertaking by the LLP, the related Class 
Collateral for which includes or is constituted by residential or 
commercial mortgage loans (each such Class, a "Mortgage Repo 
Class"). Further information relating to such Mortgage Repo Classes is 
set forth on Exhibit I to this Base Prospectus. See "Exhibit I—
Overview—Mortgage Repo Classes".

--- Page 22 ---
16 
RISK FACTORS 
An investment in the Notes involves certain risks, including risks relating to the Collateral for any Class and risks 
relating to the structure and rights of such Notes and the related arrangements. An investment should be 
undertaken only by investors capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the Notes and bearing the risks an 
investment in them represents. Prospective investors should carefully consider the following factors in addition to 
the matters set forth elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, prior to investing in any Notes. The Bank believes that 
the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes and the risks relating 
to the Issuer, the LLP and the Collateral for any Class. The considerations set out below in respect of the Notes 
are not, and are not intended to be, a comprehensive list of all considerations relevant to a decision to purchase 
or hold the Notes. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Bank or that it currently believes 
to be immaterial could also have a material impact on its business operations and on the Notes. If prospective 
investors are in doubt about the contents of this Base Prospectus, then they should consult with an appropriate 
professional adviser to make their own legal, tax, accounting and financial evaluation of the merits and risk of 
investment in the Notes. 
Additional risks relating to Mortgage Repo Classes are set forth on Exhibit I to this Base prospectus. See 
"Exhibit I—Additional Risk Factors Relating to Mortgage Assets". 
RISKS RELATING TO THE BANK AND THE GROUP 
Principal Risks relating to the Bank and the Barclays Bank Group 
The Barclays Bank Group has identified a broad range of risks to which its businesses are exposed. Material risks 
are those to which senior management pay particular attention and which could cause the delivery of the Barclays 
Bank Group's strategy, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects to differ materially from 
expectations. Emerging risks are those which have largely unknown components, the impact of which could 
crystallise over a longer time period. In addition, certain other factors beyond the Barclays Bank Group's control, 
including escalation of terrorism or global conflicts, natural disasters, pandemics and similar events, although not 
detailed below, could have a similar impact on the Barclays Bank Group. 
Material existing and emerging risks potentially impacting more than one principal risk 
1. Risks relating to the impact of COVID-19 
The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a material impact on businesses around the world and the 
economic environments in which they operate. There are a number of factors associated with the pandemic and its 
impact on global economies that could have a material adverse effect on (among other things) the profitability, 
capital and liquidity of financial institutions such as Barclays Bank Group. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused disruption to the Barclays Bank Group's customers, suppliers and staff 
globally. Most jurisdictions in which the Barclays Bank Group operates have implemented severe restrictions on the 
movement of their respective populations, with a resultant significant impact on economic activity in those 
jurisdictions. These restrictions are being determined by the governments of individual jurisdictions (including 
through the implementation of emergency powers) and impacts (including the timing of implementation and any 
subsequent lifting or extension of restrictions) may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and/or within jurisdictions. 
It remains unclear how the COVID-19 pandemic will evolve through 2021 (including whether there will be further 
waves of the COVID-19 pandemic, whether COVID-19 vaccines approved for use by regulatory authorities will be 
deployed successfully with desired results, whether further new strains of COVID-19 will emerge and whether, and 
in what manner, additional restrictions will be imposed and/or existing restrictions extended) and the Barclays Bank 
Group continues to monitor the situation closely. However, despite the COVID-19 contingency plans established by 
the Barclays Bank Group, the ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by disruptions to infrastructure, 
business processes and technology services, resulting from the unavailability of staff due to illness or the failure of 
third parties to supply services. This may cause significant customer detriment, costs to reimburse losses incurred by 
the Barclays Bank Group's customers, potential litigation costs (including regulatory fines, penalties and other 
sanctions), and reputational damage.

--- Page 23 ---
17 
In many of the jurisdictions in which the Barclays Bank Group operates, schemes have been initiated by central 
banks, national governments and regulators to provide financial support to parts of the economy most impacted by 
the COVID-19 pandemic. These schemes have been designed and implemented at pace, meaning lenders (including 
Barclays) continue to address operational issues which have arisen in connection with the implementation of the 
schemes, including resolving the interaction between the schemes and existing law and regulation. In addition, the 
full extent of how these schemes will impact the Barclays Bank Group's customers and therefore the impact on the 
Barclays Bank Group remains uncertain at this stage. However, certain actions (such as the introduction of payment 
holidays for various consumer lending products or the cancellation or waiver of fees associated with certain 
products) may negatively impact the effective interest rate earned on certain of the Barclays Bank Group's portfolios 
and may reduce fee income being earned on certain products and negatively impact the Barclays Bank Group's 
profitability. Furthermore, the introduction of, and participation in, central-bank supported loan and other financing 
schemes introduced as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact the Barclays Bank Group's risk 
weighted assets (RWAs), level of impairment and, in turn, capital position (particularly when any transitional relief 
applied to the calculation of RWAs and impairment expires). This may be exacerbated if the Barclays Bank Group is 
required by any government or regulator to offer forbearance or additional financial relief to borrowers or if the 
Barclays Bank Group is unable to rely on guarantees provided by governments in connection with financial support 
schemes as a result of the Barclays Banks Group's failure to comply with scheme requirements or otherwise.  
As these schemes and other financial support schemes provided by national governments (such as job retention and 
furlough schemes) expire, are withdrawn or are no longer supported, economic growth may be negatively impacted 
which may impact the Barclays Bank Group's results of operations and profitability. In addition, the Barclays Bank 
Group may experience a higher volume of defaults and delinquencies in certain portfolios and may initiate 
collection and enforcement actions to recover defaulted debts. Where defaulting borrowers are harmed by the 
Barclays Bank Group's conduct, this may give rise to civil legal proceedings, including class actions, regulatory 
censure, potentially significant fines and other sanctions, and reputational damage. Other legal disputes may also 
arise between the Barclays Bank Group and defaulting borrowers relating to matters such as breaches or 
enforcement of legal rights or obligations arising under loan and other credit agreements. Adverse findings in any 
such matters may result in the Barclays Bank Group's rights not being enforced as intended. For further details, refer 
to "Legal risk and legal, competition and regulatory matters" below.  
The actions taken by various governments and central banks, in particular in the United Kingdom and the United 
States, may indicate a view on the potential severity of any economic downturn and post recovery environment, 
which from a commercial, regulatory and risk perspective could be significantly different to past crises and persist 
for a prolonged period. The COVID-19 pandemic has led to a weakening in gross domestic product (GDP) in most 
jurisdictions in which the Barclays Bank Group operates and an expectation of higher unemployment in those same 
jurisdictions. These factors all have a significant impact on the modelling of expected credit losses (ECLs) by the 
Barclays Bank Group. As a result, the Barclays Bank Group experienced higher ECLs in 2020 compared to prior 
periods and this trend may continue in 2021. The economic environment remains uncertain and future impairment 
charges may be subject to further volatility (including from changes to macroeconomic variable forecasts) 
depending on the longevity of the COVID-19 pandemic and related containment measures and the efficacy of any 
COVID-19 vaccines, as well as the longer term effectiveness of central bank, government and other support 
measures. For further details on macroeconomic variables used in the calculation of ECLs, refer to the credit risk 
performance section. In addition, ECLs may be adversely impacted by increased levels of default for single name 
exposures in certain sectors directly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic (such as the oil and gas, retail, airline, 
and hospitality and leisure sectors).  
Furthermore, the Barclays Bank Group relies on models to support a broad range of business and risk management 
activities, including informing business decisions and strategies, measuring and limiting risk, valuing exposures 
(including the calculation of impairment), conducting stress testing and assessing capital adequacy. Models are, by 
their nature, imperfect and incomplete representations of reality because they rely on assumptions and inputs, and so 
they may be subject to errors affecting the accuracy of their outputs and/or misused. This may be exacerbated when 
dealing with unprecedented scenarios, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, due to the lack of reliable historical 
reference points and data. For further details on model risk, refer to "Model risk" below.  
The disruption to economic activity globally caused by the COVID-19 pandemic could adversely impact the 
Barclays Bank Group's other assets such as goodwill and intangibles, and the value of the Bank's investments in

--- Page 24 ---
18 
subsidiaries. It could also impact the Barclays Bank Group's income due to lower lending and transaction volumes 
due to volatility or weakness in the capital markets. Other potential risks include credit rating migration which could 
negatively impact the Barclays Bank Group's RWAs and capital position, and potential liquidity stress due to 
(among other things) increased customer drawdowns, notwithstanding the significant initiatives that governments 
and central banks have put in place to support funding and liquidity. Furthermore, a significant increase in the 
utilisation of credit cards by customers could have a negative impact on the Barclays Bank Group's RWAs and 
capital position. 
Furthermore, in order to support lending activity to promote economic growth, governments and/or regulators may 
limit management's flexibility in managing its business, require the deployment of capital in particular business lines 
or otherwise restrict or limit capital distributions and capital allocation.  
Any and all such events mentioned above could have a material adverse effect on the Barclays Bank Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects, liquidity, capital position and credit ratings (including 
potential credit rating agency changes of outlooks or ratings), as well as on the Barclays Bank Group's customers, 
employees and suppliers.  
2. Business conditions, general economy and geopolitical issues 
The Barclays Bank Group's operations are subject to potentially unfavourable global and local economic and market 
conditions, as well as geopolitical developments, which may have a material effect on the Barclays Bank Group's 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
A deterioration in global or local economic and market conditions may lead to (among other things): (i) deteriorating 
business, consumer or investor confidence and lower levels of fixed asset investment and productivity growth, 
which in turn may lead to lower client activity, including lower demand for borrowing from creditworthy customers; 
(ii) higher default rates, delinquencies, write-offs and impairment charges as borrowers struggle with the burden of 
additional debt; (iii) subdued asset prices and payment patterns, including the value of any collateral held by the 
Barclays Bank Group; (iv) mark-to-market losses in trading portfolios resulting from changes in factors such as 
credit ratings, share prices and solvency of counterparties; and (v) revisions to calculated expected credit losses 
(ECLs) leading to increases in impairment allowances. In addition, the Barclays Bank Group's ability to borrow 
from other financial institutions or raise funding from external investors may be affected by deteriorating economic 
conditions and market disruption.  
Geopolitical events may lead to further financial instability and affect economic growth. In particular:  

Global GDP growth weakened sharply in the first half of 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Whilst a number of central banks and governments implemented financial stimulus packages to counter the 
economic impact of the pandemic, recovery has been slower than anticipated and concerns remain as to 
whether (a) there will be subsequent waves of the COVID-19 pandemic, (b) further financial stimulus will 
be required and/or (c) governments will be required to significantly increase taxation to fund these 
commitments. All of these factors could adversely affect economic growth, affect specific industries or 
countries or affect the Barclays Bank Group's employees and business operations in affected countries. See 
"Risks relating to the impact of COVID-19" above for further details. 

In the UK, the decision to leave the EU may give rise to further economic and political consequences 
including for investment and market confidence in the UK and the remainder of EU. See "The UK's 
withdrawal from the European Union" below for further details.  

A significant proportion of the Barclays Bank Group's portfolio is located in the US, including a major 
credit card portfolio and a range of corporate and investment banking exposures. The possibility of 
significant continued changes in US policy in certain sectors (including trade, healthcare and commodities) 
may have an impact on the Barclays Bank Group's associated portfolios. Stress in the US economy, 
weakening GDP and the associated exchange rate fluctuations, heightened trade tensions (such as the 
current dispute between the US and China), an unexpected rise in unemployment and/or an increase in

--- Page 25 ---
19 
interest rates could lead to increased levels of impairment, resulting in a negative impact on the Barclays 
Bank Group's profitability.  

An escalation in geopolitical tensions or increased use of protectionist measures may negatively impact the 
Barclays Bank Group's business in the affected regions.  

In China the pace of credit growth remains a concern, given the high level of leverage and despite 
government and regulatory action. A stronger than expected slowdown could result if authorities fail to 
appropriately manage growth during the transition from manufacturing towards services and the end of the 
investment and credit-led boom. Deterioration in emerging markets could affect the Barclays Bank Group if 
it results in higher impairment charges via sovereign or counterparty defaults.  
3. 
The UK's withdrawal from the European Union 
There are a number of factors associated with the UK's withdrawal from the EU, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Barclays Bank Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  
Trade and economic activity between the EU and UK 
The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement ("TCA"), which provides a new economic and social partnership 
between the EU and UK (including zero tariffs and zero quotas on all goods that comply with the appropriate rules 
of origin) came into force provisionally on 1 January 2021.  
The TCA is a new, unprecedented arrangement between the EU and the UK, and there is some uncertainty as to its 
operation and the manner in which trading arrangements will be enforced by both the EU and the UK.  Furthermore, 
the EU and/or the UK can invoke trade remedies (such as tariffs and non-tariff barriers) against each other in certain 
circumstances under the TCA. Resultant trading disruption may have a significant impact on economic activity in 
the EU and the UK which (in turn) could have a material adverse effect on the Barclays Bank Group's business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Unstable economic conditions could result in (among other 
things):  

a recession in the UK and/or one or more member states of the EEA in which it operates, with lower growth, 
higher unemployment and falling property prices, which could lead to increased impairments in relation to a number 
of the Barclays Bank Group's portfolios (including, but not limited to, its UK mortgage portfolio, unsecured lending 
portfolio (including credit cards) and commercial real estate exposures); 

increased market volatility (in particular in currencies and interest rates), which could impact the Barclays 
Bank Group's trading book positions and affect the underlying value of assets in the banking book and securities 
held by the Barclays Bank Group for liquidity purposes; 

a credit rating downgrade for one or more members of the Barclays Bank Group (either directly or indirectly 
as a result of a downgrade in the UK sovereign credit ratings), which could significantly increase the Barclays Bank 
Group's cost of and/or reduce its access to funding, widen credit spreads and materially adversely affect the Barclays 
Bank Group's interest margins and liquidity position; and/or 

a widening of credit spreads more generally or reduced investor appetite for the Barclays Bank Group's debt 
securities, which could negatively impact the Barclays Bank Group's cost of and/or access to funding. 
Current provision of financial services 
The TCA does not cover financial services regulation. Accordingly, UK-based entities within the Group (such as the 
Bank and Barclays Bank UK PLC) are no longer able to rely on the European passporting framework for financial 
services. The Bank and Barclays Capital Securities Limited have put in place new arrangements in the provision of 
cross-border banking and investment services to customers and counterparties in the EEA (including by servicing 
EEA clients through the Group's EEA hub (Barclays Bank Ireland PLC), whilst Barclays Bank UK PLC remains 
focused on UK customers.

--- Page 26 ---
20 
The TCA was accompanied by a Joint Declaration on Financial Services, requiring the parties to agree a 
Memorandum of Understanding ("MoU"), by March 2021, establishing the framework for cooperation in financial 
services.  The MoU will also cover how to move forward on equivalence determinations between the EU and the 
UK. 
There can be no assurance that the EU and the UK will reach further agreement on equivalence decisions. As a 
result, equivalence decisions which would enable UK firms to access EEA clients on a cross border basis for certain 
markets products, cannot be relied upon to allow UK-based entities within the Barclays Bank Group to meet all of 
the needs of customers and clients based in the EEA.  However, there are certain other types of equivalence 
decisions which are material to the operations of the Barclays Bank Group. To date, the EU and the UK have only 
agreed a temporary position on mutual equivalence in relation to clearing and settlement ("CCP Equivalence")). If 
the current mutual, temporary equivalence decision in relation to CCP Equivalence expires and is not replaced, this 
could have a material adverse effect on the Barclays Bank Group's business as well as its clients. In addition, HM 
Treasury has made certain unilateral equivalence decisions, (including under the Capital Requirements Regulation 
(CRR) and the removal of such decisions could have a material impact on the operations of the Barclays Bank 
Group.  
The Barclays Bank Group provides the majority of its cross-border banking and investment services to EEA clients 
via Barclays Bank Ireland PLC. Additionally, in certain EEA Member States, the Bank and Barclays Capital 
Securities Limited (BCSL) have applied for and received cross border licences to enable them to continue to conduct 
a limited range of activities, including accessing EEA trading venues and interdealer trading. As a result of the 
onshoring of EU legislation in the UK and the exercise of the UK regulators' Temporary Transitional Powers, UK-
based entities within the Barclays Bank Group are currently subject to substantially the same rules and regulations as 
prior to the UK's withdrawal from the EU. It is the UK's intention eventually to recast onshored EU legislation as 
part of UK legislation and PRA and FCA rules, which could result in changes to regulatory requirements in the UK.  
If the regulatory regimes for EU and UK financial services change further, or if temporary permissions and 
equivalence decisions expire, and are not replaced, the provision of cross-border banking and investment services 
across the Barclays Bank Group may become more complex and costly which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Barclays Bank Group's business and results of operations and could result in the Barclays Bank Group 
modifying its legal entity, capital and funding structures and business mix, exiting certain business activities 
altogether or not expanding in areas despite otherwise attractive potential returns. This may also be exacerbated if, 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC expands further and, as a result of its growth and importance to the Barclays Bank 
Group and the EEA banking system as a whole, Barclays Bank Ireland PLC is made subject to higher capital 
requirements or restrictions are imposed by regulators on capital allocation and capital distributions by Barclays 
Bank Ireland PLC.  
4. 
The impact of interest rate changes on the Barclays Bank Group's profitability 
Changes to interest rates are significant for the Barclays Bank Group, especially given the uncertainty as to the 
direction of interest rates and the pace at which they may change particularly in the Barclays Bank Group's main 
markets of the UK and the US.  
A continued period of low interest rates and flat yield curves, including any further rate cuts and/or negative interest 
rates, may affect and continue to put pressure on the Barclays Bank Group's net interest margins (the difference 
between its lending income and borrowing costs) and could adversely affect the profitability and prospects of the 
Barclays Bank Group.  
Interest rate rises could positively impact the Barclays Bank Group's profitability as retail and corporate business 
income increases due to margin de-compression.  However, further increases in interest rates, if larger or more 
frequent than expected, could lead to generally weaker than expected growth, reduced business confidence and 
higher unemployment.  This, in turn, could cause stress in the lending portfolio and underwriting activity of the 
Barclays Bank Group with resultant higher credit losses driving an increased impairment charge which would most 
notably impact retail unsecured portfolios and wholesale non-investment grade lending and could have a material 
effect on the Barclays Bank Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 27 ---
21 
In addition, changes in interest rates could have an adverse impact on the value of the securities held in the 
Barclays Bank Group's liquid asset portfolio. Consequently, this could create more volatility than expected through 
the Barclays Bank Group's Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income reserves.  
5. 
Competition in the banking and financial services industry 
The Barclays Bank Group operates in a highly competitive environment (in particular, in the UK and the US) in 
which it must evolve and adapt to the significant changes as a result of financial regulatory reform, technological 
advances, increased public scrutiny and current economic conditions. The Barclays Bank Group expects that 
competition in the financial services industry will continue to be intense and may have a material adverse effect on 
the Barclays Bank Group's future business, results of operations and prospects.  
New competitors in the financial services industry continue to emerge. For example, technological advances and the 
growth of e-commerce have made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services that traditionally were 
banking products. This has allowed financial institutions and other companies to provide electronic and internet-
based financial solutions, including electronic securities trading, payments processing and online automated 
algorithmic-based investment advice. Furthermore, both financial institutions and their non-banking competitors 
face the risk that payments processing and other services could be significantly disrupted by technologies, such as 
cryptocurrencies, that require no intermediation. New technologies have required and could require the Barclays 
Bank Group to spend more to modify or adapt its products or make additional capital investments in its businesses 
to attract and retain clients and customers or to match products and services offered by its competitors, including 
technology companies.  
Ongoing or increased competition may put pressure on the pricing for the Barclays Bank Group's products and 
services, which could reduce the Barclays Bank Group's revenues and profitability, or may cause the Barclays Bank 
Group to lose market share, particularly with respect to traditional banking products such as deposits, bank accounts 
and mortgage lending. This competition may be on the basis of quality and variety of products and services offered, 
transaction execution, innovation, reputation and price. The failure of any of the Barclays Bank Group's businesses 
to meet the expectations of clients and customers, whether due to general market conditions, under-performance, a 
decision not to offer a particular product or service, changes in client and customer expectations or other factors, 
could affect the Barclays Bank Group's ability to attract or retain clients and customers. Any such impact could, in 
turn, reduce the Barclays Bank Group's revenues.  
6. 
Regulatory change agenda and impact on business model 
The Barclays Bank Group remains subject to ongoing significant levels of regulatory change and scrutiny in many 
of the countries in which it operates (including, in particular, the UK and the US). As a result, regulatory risk will 
remain a focus for senior management. Furthermore, a more intensive regulatory approach and enhanced 
requirements together with the potential lack of international regulatory co-ordination as enhanced supervisory 
standards are developed and implemented may adversely affect the Barclays Bank Group's business, capital and risk 
management strategies and/or may result in the Barclays Bank Group deciding to modify its legal entity, capital and 
funding structures and business mix, or to exit certain business activities altogether or not to expand in areas despite 
otherwise attractive potential.  
There are several significant pieces of legislation and areas of focus which will require significant management 
attention, cost and resource, including:  

Changes in prudential requirements may impact minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities (MREL) (including requirements for internal MREL), leverage, liquidity or funding 
requirements, applicable buffers and/or add-ons to such minimum requirements and risk weighted assets 
calculation methodologies all as may be set by international, EU or national authorities. Such or similar 
changes to prudential requirements or additional supervisory and prudential expectations, either 
individually or in aggregate, may result in, among other things, a need for further management actions to 
meet the changed requirements, such as: 

increasing capital, MREL or liquidity resources, reducing leverage and risk weighted assets;

--- Page 28 ---
22 

restricting distributions on capital instruments; 

modifying the terms of outstanding capital instruments; 

modifying legal entity structure (including with regard to issuance and deployment of capital, 
MREL and funding); 

changing the Barclays Bank Group's business mix or exiting other businesses; and/or 

undertaking other actions to strengthen the Barclays Bank Group's position. 

The derivatives market has been the subject of particular focus for regulators in recent years across the G20 
countries and beyond, with regulations introduced which require the reporting and clearing of standardised 
over the counter (OTC) derivatives and the mandatory margining of non-cleared OTC derivatives. These 
regulations may increase costs for market participants, as well as reduce liquidity in the derivatives 
markets, in particular if there are areas of overlapping or conflicting regulation. More broadly, changes to 
the regulatory framework (in particular, the review of the EU MiFID II and the implementation of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation could entail significant costs for market participants and may have a significant 
impact on certain markets in which the Barclays Bank Group operates.  

The Group and certain of its members (including the Bank) are subject to supervisory stress testing 
exercises in a number of jurisdictions. These exercises currently include the programmes of the Bank of 
England (BoE), the European Banking Authority (EBA), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the 
Federal Reserve Board. Failure to meet the requirements of regulatory stress tests, or the failure by 
regulators to approve the stress test results and capital plans of the Group, could result in the Group or 
certain of its members (including the Bank) being required to enhance their capital position, limit capital 
distributions or position additional capital in specific subsidiaries.  
7. 
The impact of climate change on the Barclays Bank Group's business 
The risks associated with climate change are subject to rapidly increasing societal, regulatory and political focus, 
both in the UK and internationally. Embedding climate risk into the Barclays Bank Group's risk framework in line 
with regulatory expectations, and adapting the Barclays Bank Group's operations and business strategy to address 
the financial risks resulting from both: (i) the physical risk of climate change; and (ii) the risk from the transition to 
a low carbon economy, could have a significant impact on the Barclays Bank Group's business.  
Physical risks from climate change arise from a number of factors and relate to specific weather events and longer-
term shifts in the climate. The nature and timing of extreme weather events are uncertain but they are increasing in 
frequency and their impact on the economy is predicted to be more acute in the future. The potential impact on the 
economy includes, but is not limited to, lower GDP growth, higher unemployment and significant changes in asset 
prices and profitability of industries. Damage to the properties and operations of borrowers could impair asset values 
and the creditworthiness of customers leading to increased default rates, delinquencies, write-offs and impairment 
charges in the Barclays Bank Group's portfolios. In addition, the Barclays Bank Group's premises and resilience 
may also suffer physical damage due to weather events leading to increased costs for the Barclays Bank Group.  
As the economy transitions to a low-carbon economy, financial institutions such as the Barclays Bank Group may 
face significant and rapid developments in stakeholder expectations, policy, law and regulation which could impact 
the lending activities the Barclays Bank Group undertakes, as well as the risks associated with its lending portfolios, 
and the value of the Barclays Bank Group's financial assets. As sentiment towards climate change shifts and societal 
preferences change, the Barclays Bank Group may face greater scrutiny of the type of business it conducts, adverse 
media coverage and reputational damage, which may in turn impact customer demand for the Barclays Bank 
Group's products, returns on certain business activities and the value of certain assets and trading positions resulting 
in impairment charges.  
In addition, the impacts of physical and transition climate risks can lead to second order connected risks, which have 
the potential to affect the Barclays Bank Group's retail and wholesale portfolios. The impacts of climate change may

--- Page 29 ---
23 
increase losses for those sectors sensitive to the effects of physical and transition risks. Any subsequent increase in 
defaults and rising unemployment could create recessionary pressures, which may lead to wider deterioration in the 
creditworthiness of the Barclays Bank Group's clients, higher ECLs, and increased charge-offs and defaults among 
retail customers.  
If the Barclays Bank Group does not adequately embed risks associated with climate change into its risk framework 
to appropriately measure, manage and disclose the various financial and operational risks it faces as a result of 
climate change, or fails to adapt its strategy and business model to the changing regulatory requirements and market 
expectations on a timely basis, it may have a material and adverse impact on the Barclays Bank Group's level of 
business growth, competitiveness, profitability, capital requirements, cost of funding, and financial condition.  
8.  
Impact of benchmark interest rate reforms on the Barclays Bank Group  
For several years, global regulators and central banks have been driving international efforts to reform key 
benchmark interest rates and indices, such as the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), which are used to 
determine the amounts payable under a wide range of transactions and make them more reliable and robust. This has 
resulted in significant changes to the methodology and operation of certain benchmarks and indices, the adoption of 
alternative "risk-free" reference rates ("RFRs") and the proposed discontinuation of certain reference rates 
(including LIBOR), with further changes anticipated, including UK, EU and US legislative proposals to deal with 
"tough legacy" contracts that cannot convert into or cannot add fall-back RFRs. The consequences of reform are 
unpredictable and may have an adverse impact on any financial instruments linked to, or referencing, any of these 
benchmark interest rates.  
Uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes, the availability and/or suitability of alternative RFRs, the 
participation of customers and third-party market participants in the transition process and associated challenges 
with respect to required documentation changes and other reforms may adversely affect a broad range of 
transactions (including any securities, loans and derivatives which use LIBOR to determine the amount of interest 
payable that are included in the Barclays Bank Group's financial assets and liabilities) that use these reference rates 
and indices and introduce a number of risks for the Barclays Bank Group, including, but not limited to:  

Conduct risk: in undertaking actions to transition away from using certain reference rates (such as LIBOR) 
to new alternative RFRs, the Barclays Bank Group faces conduct risks. These may lead to customer 
complaints, regulatory sanctions or reputational impact if the Barclays Bank Group is considered to be 
(among other things) (i) undertaking market activities that are manipulative or create a false or misleading 
impression, (ii) misusing sensitive information or not identifying or appropriately managing or mitigating 
conflicts of interest, (iii) providing customers with inadequate advice, misleading information, unsuitable 
products or unacceptable service, (iv) not taking a consistent approach to remediation for customers in 
similar circumstances, (v) unduly delaying the communication and migration activities in relation to client 
exposure, leaving them insufficient time to prepare or (vi) colluding or inappropriately sharing information 
with competitors; 

Litigation risk: members of the Barclays Bank Group may face legal proceedings, regulatory investigations 
and/or other actions or proceedings regarding (among other things) (i) the conduct risks identified above, 
(ii) the interpretation and enforceability of provisions in LIBOR-based contracts, and (iii) the Barclays 
Bank Group's preparation and readiness for the replacement of LIBOR with alternative RFRs. 

Financial risk: the valuation of certain of the Barclays Bank Group's financial assets and liabilities may 
change. Moreover, transitioning to alternative RFRs may impact the ability of members of the Barclays 
Bank Group to calculate and model amounts receivable by them on certain financial assets and determine 
the amounts payable on certain financial liabilities (such as debt securities issued by them) because 
currently alternative RFRs (such as the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") and the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") are look-back rates whereas term rates (such as LIBOR) allow 
borrowers to calculate at the start of any interest period exactly how much is payable at the end of such 
interest period. This may have a material adverse effect on the Barclays Bank Group's cash flows;

--- Page 30 ---
24 

Pricing risk: changes to existing reference rates and indices, discontinuation of any reference rate or indices 
and transition to alternative RFRs may impact the pricing mechanisms used by the Barclays Bank Group on 
certain transactions; 

Operational risk: changes to existing reference rates and indices, discontinuation of any reference rate or 
index and transition to alternative RFRs may require changes to the Barclays Bank Group's IT systems, 
trade reporting infrastructure, operational processes, and controls. In addition, if any reference rate or index 
(such as LIBOR) is no longer available to calculate amounts payable, the Barclays Bank Group may incur 
additional expenses in amending documentation for new and existing transactions and/or effecting the 
transition from the original reference rate or index to a new reference rate or index; and 

Accounting risk: An inability to apply hedge accounting in accordance with International Accounting 
Standards 39 could lead to increased volatility in the Barclays Bank Group's financial results and 
performance. 
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Barclays Bank Group's business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
For further details on the impacts of benchmark interest rate reforms on the Barclays Bank Group, see Note 40 
(Interest rate benchmark reform) to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer on pages 193 to 196 of the 
2020 20-F and Note 16 (Interest rate benchmark reform) on pages 47 to 48 of the 2021 6-K. 
Material existing and emerging risks impacting individual principal risks 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk of loss to the Barclays Bank Group from the failure of clients, customers or counterparties, 
including sovereigns, to fully honour their obligations to members of the Barclays Bank Group, including the whole 
and timely payment of principal, interest, collateral and other receivables.  
1. 
Impairment 
The introduction of the impairment requirements of IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, resulted in impairment loss 
allowances that are recognised earlier, on a more forward-looking basis and on a broader scope of financial 
instruments, and may continue to have, a material impact on the Barclays Bank Group's business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Measurement involves complex judgement and impairment charges could be volatile, particularly under stressed 
conditions. Unsecured products with longer expected lives, such as credit cards, are the most impacted. Taking into 
account the transitional regime, the capital treatment on the increased reserves has the potential to adversely impact 
the Barclays Bank Group's regulatory capital ratios. 
In addition, the move from incurred losses to ECLs has the potential to impact the Barclays Bank Group's 
performance under stressed economic conditions or regulatory stress tests. 
For more information see Note 7 (Credit impairment charges) to the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
on pages 121 to 124 of the 2020 20-F. 
2. 
Specific sectors and concentrations 
The Barclays Bank Group is subject to risks arising from changes in credit quality and recovery rates of loans and 
advances due from borrowers and counterparties in any specific portfolio. Any deterioration in credit quality could 
lead to lower recoverability and higher impairment in a specific sector. The following are areas of uncertainties to 
the Barclays Bank Group's portfolio which could have a material impact on performance:

--- Page 31 ---
25 

UK retail, hospitality and leisure 
Softening demand, rising costs and a structural shift to online shopping is fuelling pressure on the UK High 
Street and other sectors heavily reliant on consumer discretionary spending. As these sectors continue to 
reposition themselves, the trend represents a potential risk in the Barclays Bank Group's UK corporate portfolio 
from the perspective of  its interactions with both retailers and their landlords. 

Consumer affordability 
Consumer affordability has remained a key area of focus, particularly in unsecured lending. Macroeconomic 
factors, such as rising unemployment, that impact a customer's ability to service unsecured debt payments could 
lead to increased arrears in both unsecured and secured products. The Barclays Bank Group is exposed to the 
adverse credit performance of unsecured products, particularly in the US through its US Cards business. 

UK real estate market 
Barclays Bank Group's corporate credit exposure is vulnerable to the impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 stress, 
with particular weakness in retail property as a result of reduced rent collections and residential development, 
and faces the risk of increased impairment from a material fall in property prices.  

Leverage finance underwriting 
The Barclays Bank Group takes on sub-investment grade underwriting exposure, including single name risk, 
particularly in the US and Europe. The Barclays Bank Group is exposed to credit events and market volatility during 
the underwriting period. Any adverse events during this period may potentially result in loss for the Barclays Bank 
Group, or an increased capital requirement should there be a need to hold the exposure for an extended period.  

Italian mortgage portfolio and wholesale exposure 
The Barclays Bank Group is exposed to a decline in the Italian economic environment through a mortgage 
portfolio in run-off and positions to wholesale customers. The Italian economy was severely impacted by the 
COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and recovery has been slower than anticipated.  Should the Italian economy 
deteriorate further or any recovery take longer to materialise, there could be a material adverse effect on the 
Barclays Bank Group's results of operations including, but not limited to, increased credit losses and higher 
impairment charges.  

Oil & Gas sector 
The Barclays Bank Group's corporate credit exposure includes companies whose performance is dependent on 
the oil and gas sector. Weaker demand for energy products, in particular as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, combined with a sustained period of lower energy prices has led to the erosion of balance sheet 
strength, particularly for higher cost producers and those businesses who supply goods and services to the oil 
and gas sector. Any recovery from the drop in demand is likely to remain volatile and energy prices could 
remain subdued at low levels for the foreseeable future, below the break-even point for some companies. 
Furthermore, in the longer term, costs associated with the transition towards renewable sources of energy may 
place great demands on companies that the Barclays Bank Group has exposure to globally. These factors could 
have a material adverse effect on the Barclays Bank Group's business, results of operations and financial 
condition through increased impairment charges.  
The Barclays Bank Group also has large individual exposures to single name counterparties, both in its lending 
activities and in its financial services and trading activities, including transactions in derivatives and 
transactions with brokers, central clearing houses, dealers, other banks, mutual and hedge funds and other 
institutional clients. The default of such counterparties could have a significant impact on the carrying value of 
these assets. In addition, where such counterparty risk has been mitigated by taking collateral, credit risk may 
remain high if the collateral held cannot be realised, or has to be liquidated at prices which are insufficient to 
recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure. Any such defaults could have a material adverse

--- Page 32 ---
26 
effect on the Barclays Bank Group's results due to, for example, increased credit losses and higher impairment 
charges.  
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk of loss arising from potential adverse change in the value of the Barclays Bank Group's assets 
and liabilities from fluctuation in market variables including, but not limited to, interest rates, foreign exchange, 
equity prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, implied volatilities and asset correlations.  
Economic and financial market uncertainties remain elevated, as the path of the COVID-19 pandemic is inherently 
difficult to predict. Further waves of the COVID-19 pandemic, deployment of COVID-19 vaccines not being as 
successful as desired, intensifying social unrest that weighs on market sentiment, and deteriorating trade and 
geopolitical tensions are some of the factors that could heighten market risks for the Barclays Bank Group's 
portfolios.  
In addition, the Barclays Bank Group's trading business is generally exposed to a prolonged period of elevated asset 
price volatility, particularly if it negatively affects the depth of marketplace liquidity. Such a scenario could impact 
the Barclays Bank Group's ability to execute client trades and may also result in lower client flow-driven income 
and/or market-based losses on its existing portfolio of market risks. These can include having to absorb higher 
hedging costs from rebalancing risks that need to be managed dynamically as market levels and their associated 
volatilities change.  
It is difficult to predict changes in market conditions, and such changes could have a material adverse effect on the 
Barclays Bank Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Treasury and capital risk 
There are three primary types of treasury and capital risk faced by the Barclays Bank Group:  
1.
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Barclays Bank Group is unable to meet its contractual or contingent obligations or 
that it does not have the appropriate amount, tenor and composition of funding and liquidity to support its assets. 
This could cause the Barclays Bank Group to fail to meet regulatory liquidity standards or be unable to support day-
to-day banking activities. Key liquidity risks that the Barclays Bank Group faces include: 

The stability of the Barclays Bank Group's current funding profile:  
In particular, that part which is based on accounts and deposits payable on demand or at short notice, could be 
affected by the Barclays Bank Group failing to preserve the current level of customer and investor confidence. 
The Barclays Bank Group also regularly accesses the money and capital markets to provide short-term and 
long-term funding to support its operations. Several factors, including adverse macroeconomic conditions, 
adverse outcomes in conduct and legal, competition and regulatory matters and loss of confidence by investors, 
counterparties and/or customers in the Barclays Bank Group, can affect the ability of the Barclays Bank Group 
to access the capital markets and/or the cost and other terms upon which the Barclays Bank Group is able to 
obtain market funding.  

Credit rating changes and the impact on funding costs:  
Rating agencies regularly review credit ratings given to the Bank and certain members of the Barclays Bank 
Group. Credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including some which are not within the Barclays Bank 
Group's control (such as political and regulatory developments, changes in rating methodologies, 
macroeconomic conditions and the sovereign credit ratings of the countries in which the Barclays Bank Group 
operates).

--- Page 33 ---
27 
Whilst the impact of a credit rating change will depend on a number of factors (including the type of issuance 
and prevailing market conditions), any reductions in a credit rating (in particular, any downgrade below 
investment grade) may affect the Barclays Bank Group's access to the money or capital markets and/or terms 
on which the Barclays Bank Group is able to obtain market funding, increase costs of funding and credit 
spreads, reduce the size of the Barclays Bank Group's deposit base, trigger additional collateral or other 
requirements in derivative contracts and other secured funding arrangements or limit the range of 
counterparties who are willing to enter into transactions with the Barclays Bank Group. Any of these factors 
could have a material adverse effect on the Barclays Bank Group's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects.  
2.
Capital risk 
Capital risk is the risk that the Barclays Bank Group has an insufficient level or composition of capital to support its 
normal business activities and to meet its regulatory capital requirements under normal operating environments or 
stressed conditions (both actual and as defined for internal planning or regulatory stress testing purposes). This 
includes the risk from the Barclays Bank Group's pension plans. Key capital risks that the Barclays Bank Group 
faces include:  

Failure to meet prudential capital requirements:  
This could lead to the Barclays Bank Group being unable to support some or all of its business activities, a 
failure to pass regulatory stress tests, increased cost of funding due to deterioration in investor appetite or 
credit ratings, restrictions on distributions including the ability to meet dividend targets, and/or the need to 
take additional measures to strengthen the Barclays Bank Group's capital or leverage position.  

Adverse changes in foreign exchange rates impacting capital ratios:  
The Barclays Bank Group has capital resources, risk weighted assets and leverage exposures denominated in 
foreign currencies. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely impact the Sterling equivalent 
value of these items. As a result, the Barclays Bank Group's regulatory capital ratios are sensitive to foreign 
currency movements. Failure to appropriately manage the Barclays Bank Group's balance sheet to take 
account of foreign currency movements could result in an adverse impact on the Barclays Bank Group's 
regulatory capital and leverage ratios.  

Adverse movements in the pension fund:  
Adverse movements in pension assets and liabilities for defined benefit pension schemes could result in 
deficits on a funding and/or accounting basis. This could lead to the Barclays Bank Group making substantial 
additional contributions to its pension plans and/or a deterioration in its capital position. Under International 
Accounting Standard 19, the liabilities discount rate is derived from the yields of high quality corporate 
bonds. Therefore, the valuation of the Barclays Bank Group's defined benefits schemes would be adversely 
affected by a prolonged fall in the discount rate due to a persistent low interest rate and/or credit spread 
environment. Inflation is another significant risk driver to the pension fund as the liabilities are adversely 
impacted by an increase in long-term inflation expectations.  
3.
Interest rate risk in the banking book 
Interest rate risk in the banking book is the risk that the Barclays Bank Group is exposed to capital or income 
volatility because of a mismatch between the interest rate exposures of its (non-traded) assets and liabilities. The 
Barclays Bank Group's hedge programmes for interest rate risk in the banking book rely on behavioural assumptions 
and, as a result, the success of the hedging strategy cannot be guaranteed. A potential mismatch in the balance or 
duration of the hedge assumptions could lead to earnings deterioration. A decline in interest rates in G3 currencies 
may also compress net interest margin on retail portfolios. In addition, the Barclays Bank Group's liquid asset 
portfolio is exposed to potential capital and/or income volatility due to movements in market rates and prices.

--- Page 34 ---
28 
Operational risk 
Operational risk is the risk of loss to the Barclays Bank Group from inadequate or failed processes or systems, 
human factors or due to external events where the root cause is not due to credit or market risks. Examples include: 

Operational resilience 
The Barclays Bank Group functions in a highly competitive market, with market participants that expect 
consistent and smooth business processes.  The loss of or disruption to business processing is a material 
inherent risk within the Barclays Bank Group and across the financial services industry, whether arising 
through impacts on the Barclays Bank Group's technology systems or availability of personnel or services 
supplied by third parties. Failure to build resilience and recovery capabilities into business processes or into 
the services of technology, real estate or suppliers on which the Barclays Bank Group's business processes 
depend, may result in significant customer detriment, costs to reimburse losses incurred by the Barclays Bank 
Group's customers, and reputational damage. 

Cyber-attacks 
Cyber-attacks continue to be a global threat that is inherent across all industries, with a spike in both number 
and severity of attacks observed recently. The financial sector remains a primary target for cyber criminals, 
hostile nation states, opportunists and hacktivists. The Barclays Bank Group, like other financial institutions, 
experiences numerous attempts to compromise its cyber security.  
The Barclays Bank Group dedicates significant resources to reducing cyber security risks, but it cannot 
provide absolute security against cyber-attacks. Malicious actors are increasingly sophisticated in their 
methods, seeking to steal money, gain unauthorised access to, destroy or manipulate data, and disrupt 
operations, and some of their attacks may not be recognised until launched, such as zero-day attacks that are 
launched before patches and defences can be readied. Cyber-attacks can originate from a wide variety of 
sources and target the Barclays Bank Group in numerous ways, including attacks on networks, systems, or 
devices used by the Barclays Bank Group or parties such as service providers and other suppliers, 
counterparties, employees, contractors, customers or clients, presenting the Barclays Bank Group with a vast 
and complex defence perimeter. Moreover, the Barclays Bank Group does not have direct control over the 
cyber security of the systems of its clients, customers, counterparties and third-party service providers and 
suppliers, limiting the Barclays Bank Group's ability to effectively defend against certain threats. 
A failure in the Barclays Bank Group's adherence to its cyber security policies, procedures or controls, 
employee malfeasance, and human, governance or technological error could also compromise the Barclays 
Bank Group's ability to successfully defend against cyber-attacks. Furthermore, certain legacy technologies 
that are at or approaching end-of-life may not be able to be able to maintained to acceptable levels of 
security. The Barclays Bank Group has experienced cyber security incidents and near-misses in the past, and 
it is inevitable that additional incidents will occur in the future. Cyber security risks will continue to increase, 
due to factors such as the increasing demand across the industry and customer expectations for continued 
expansion of services delivered over the Internet; increasing reliance on Internet-based products, applications 
and data storage; and changes in ways of working by the Barclays Bank Group's employees, contractors, and 
third party service providers and suppliers and their sub-contractors in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Bad actors have taken advantage of remote working practices and modified customer behaviours during the 
COVID-19 pandemic, exploiting the situation in novel ways that may elude defences.  
Common types of cyber-attacks include deployment of malware, including destructive ransomware; denial of 
service and distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks; infiltration via business email compromise, 
including phishing, or via social engineering, including vishing and smishing; automated attacks using 
botnets; and credential validation or stuffing attacks using login and password pairs from unrelated breaches. 
A successful cyber-attack of any type has the potential to cause serious harm to the Barclays Bank Group or 
its clients and customers, including exposure to potential contractual liability, litigation, regulatory or other 
government action, loss of existing or potential customers, damage to the Barclays Bank Group's brand and 
reputation, and other financial loss. The impact of a successful cyber-attack also is likely to include

--- Page 35 ---
29 
operational consequences (such as unavailability of services, networks, systems, devices or data) remediation 
of which could come at significant cost.  
Regulators worldwide continue to recognise cyber security as an increasing systemic risk to the financial 
sector and have highlighted the need for financial institutions to improve their monitoring and control of, and 
resilience to cyber-attacks. A successful cyber-attack may, therefore, result in significant regulatory fines on 
the Barclays Bank Group.  

New and emergent technology 
Technology is fundamental to the Barclays Bank Group's business and the financial services industry. 
Technological advancements present opportunities to develop new and innovative ways of doing business 
across the Barclays Bank Group, with new solutions being developed both in-house and in association with 
third-party companies. For example, payment services and securities, futures and options trading are 
increasingly occurring electronically, both on the Barclays Bank Group's own systems and through other 
alternative systems, and becoming automated. Whilst increased use of electronic payment and trading 
systems and direct electronic access to trading markets could significantly reduce the Barclays Bank Group's 
cost base, it may, conversely, reduce the commissions, fees and margins made by the Barclays Bank Group 
on these transactions which could have a material adverse effect on the Barclays Bank Group's business, 
results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Introducing new forms of technology, however, also has the potential to increase inherent risk. Failure to 
evaluate, actively manage and closely monitor risk exposure during all phases of business development could 
introduce new vulnerabilities and security flaws and have a material adverse effect on the Barclays Bank 
Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  

External fraud 
The nature of fraud is wide-ranging and continues to evolve, as criminals continually seek opportunities to 
target the Barclays Bank Group's business activities and exploit changes to customer behaviour and product 
and channel use (such as the increased use of digital products and enhanced online services). Fraud attacks 
can be very sophisticated and are often orchestrated by highly organised crime groups who use ever more 
sophisticated techniques to target customers and clients directly to obtain confidential or personal information 
that can be used to commit fraud. The impact from fraud can lead to customer detriment, financial losses 
(including the reimbursement of losses incurred by customers), loss of business, missed business 
opportunities and reputational damage, all of which could have a material adverse impact on the Barclays 
Bank Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Data management and information protection 
The Barclays Bank Group holds and processes large volumes of data, including personally identifiable 
information, intellectual property, and financial data and the Barclays Bank Group's businesses are subject to 
complex and evolving laws and regulations governing the privacy and protection of personal information of 
individuals, including Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)). The 
protected parties can include: (i) the Barclays Bank Group's clients and customers, and prospective clients 
and customers; (ii) clients and customers of the Barclays Bank Group's clients and customers; (iii) employees 
and prospective employees; and (iv) employees of the Barclays Bank Group's suppliers, counterparties and 
other external parties.  
The international nature of both the Barclays Bank Group's business and its IT infrastructure also means that 
personal information may be available in countries other than those from where it originated. Accordingly, 
the Barclays Bank Group needs to ensure that its collection, use, transfer and storage of personal information 
complies with all applicable laws and regulations in all relevant jurisdictions, which could: (i) increase the 
Barclays Bank Group's compliance and operating costs; (ii) impact the development of new products or 
services, impact the offering of existing products or services, or affect how products and services are offered 
to clients and customers; (iii) demand significant oversight by the Barclays Bank Group's management; and

--- Page 36 ---
30 
(iv) require the Barclays Bank Group to review some elements of the structure of its businesses, operations 
and systems in less efficient ways.  
Concerns regarding the effectiveness of the Barclays Bank Group's measures to safeguard personal 
information, or even the perception that those measures are inadequate, could expose the Barclays Bank 
Group to the risk of loss or unavailability of data or data integrity issues and/or cause the Barclays Bank 
Group to lose existing or potential clients and customers, and thereby reduce the Barclays Bank Group's 
revenues. Furthermore, any failure or perceived failure by the Barclays Bank Group to comply with 
applicable privacy or data protection laws and regulations may subject it to potential contractual liability, 
litigation, regulatory or other government action (including significant regulatory fines) and require changes 
to certain operations or practices which could also inhibit the Barclays Bank Group's development or 
marketing of certain products or services, or increase the costs of offering them to customers. Any of these 
events could damage the Barclays Bank Group's reputation and otherwise materially adversely affect its 
business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  

Algorithmic trading 
In some areas of the investment banking business, trading algorithms are used to price and risk manage client 
and principal transactions. An algorithmic error could result in erroneous or duplicated transactions, a system 
outage, or impact the Barclays Bank Group's pricing abilities, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Barclays Bank Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects and reputation.  

Processing error 
The Barclays Bank Group's businesses are highly dependent on its ability to process and monitor, on a daily 
basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and 
frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. As the Barclays Bank Group's 
customer base and geographical reach expand and the volume, speed, frequency and complexity of 
transactions, especially electronic transactions (as well as the requirements to report such transactions on a 
real-time basis to clients, regulators and exchanges) increase, developing, maintaining and upgrading 
operational systems and infrastructure becomes more challenging, and the risk of systems or human error in 
connection with such transactions increases, as well as the potential consequences of such errors due to the 
speed and volume of transactions involved and the potential difficulty associated with discovering errors 
quickly enough to limit the resulting consequences. Furthermore, events that are wholly or partially beyond 
the Barclays Bank Group's control, such as a spike in transaction volume, could adversely affect the Barclays 
Bank Group's ability to process transactions or provide banking and payment services.  
Processing errors could result in the Barclays Bank Group, among other things, (i) failing to provide 
information, services and liquidity to clients and counterparties in a timely manner; (ii) failing to settle and/or 
confirm transactions; (iii) causing funds transfers, capital markets trades and/or other transactions to be 
executed erroneously, illegally or with unintended consequences; and (iv) adversely affecting financial, 
trading or currency markets. Any of these events could materially disadvantage the Barclays Bank Group's 
customers, clients and counterparties (including them suffering financial loss) and/or result in a loss of 
confidence in the Barclays Bank Group which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Barclays 
Bank Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.  

Supplier exposure 
The Barclays Bank Group depends on suppliers for the provision of many of its services and the development 
of technology. Whilst the Barclays Bank Group depends on suppliers, it remains fully accountable for any 
risk arising from the actions of suppliers. The dependency on suppliers and sub-contracting of outsourced 
services introduces concentration risk where the failure of specific suppliers could have an impact on the 
Barclays Bank Group's ability to continue to provide material services to its customers. Failure to adequately 
manage supplier risk could have a material adverse effect on the Barclays Bank Group's business, results of 
operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 37 ---
31 

Estimates and judgements relating to critical accounting policies and capital disclosures 
The preparation of financial statements requires the application of accounting policies and judgements to be 
made in accordance with IFRS. Regulatory returns and capital disclosures are prepared in accordance with 
the relevant capital reporting requirements and also require assumptions and estimates to be made. The key 
areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions are significant to the 
consolidated and individual financial statements, include credit impairment charges, taxes, fair value of 
financial instruments, pensions and post-retirement benefits, and provisions including conduct and legal, 
competition and regulatory matters. There is a risk that if the judgement exercised, or the estimates or 
assumptions used, subsequently turn out to be incorrect, this could result in material losses to the Barclays 
Bank Group, beyond what was anticipated or provided for. Further development of accounting standards and 
capital interpretations could also materially impact the Barclays Bank Group's results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. For further details on the accounting estimates and policies, see the Notes to the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer on pages 112 to 196 of the 2020 20-F and Notes to the 
condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Bank on pages 29 to 49 of the 2021 6-K. 

Tax risk 
The Barclays Bank Group is required to comply with the domestic and international tax laws and practice of 
all countries in which it has business operations. There is a risk that the Barclays Bank Group could suffer 
losses due to additional tax charges, other financial costs or reputational damage as a result of failing to 
comply with such laws and practice, or by failing to manage its tax affairs in an appropriate manner, with 
much of this risk attributable to the international structure of the Barclays Bank Group. In addition, 
increasing reporting and disclosure requirements around the world and the digitisation of the administration 
of tax has potential to increase the Barclays Bank Group's tax compliance obligations further.  

Ability to hire and retain appropriately qualified employees 
As a regulated financial institution, the Barclays Bank Group requires diversified and specialist skilled 
colleagues. The Barclays Bank Group's ability to attract, develop and retain a diverse mix of talent is key to 
the delivery of its core business activity and strategy. This is impacted by a range of external and internal 
factors, such as the UK's decision to leave the EU and the enhanced individual accountability applicable to 
the banking industry. Failure to attract or prevent the departure of appropriately qualified and skilled 
employees could have a material adverse effect on the Barclays Bank Group's business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects. Additionally, this may result in disruption to service which could in turn 
lead to disenfranchising certain customer groups, customer detriment and reputational damage.  
Model risk 
Model risk is the risk of potential adverse consequences from financial assessments or decisions based on incorrect 
or misused model outputs and reports. The Barclays Bank Group relies on models to support a broad range of 
business and risk management activities, including informing business decisions and strategies, measuring and 
limiting risk, valuing exposures (including the calculation of impairment), conducting stress testing, assessing 
capital adequacy, supporting new business acceptance and risk and reward evaluation, managing client assets, and 
meeting reporting requirements. 
Models are, by their nature, imperfect and incomplete representations of reality because they rely on assumptions 
and inputs, and so they may be subject to errors affecting the accuracy of their outputs. This may be exacerbated 
when dealing with unprecedented scenarios, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, due to the lack of reliable historical 
reference points and data. For instance, the quality of the data used in models across the Barclays Bank Group has a 
material impact on the accuracy and completeness of its risk and financial metrics. Model errors or misuse may 
result in (among other things) the Barclays Bank Group making inappropriate business decisions and/or inaccuracies 
or errors being identified in the Barclays Bank Group's risk management and regulatory reporting processes. This 
could result in significant financial loss, imposition of additional capital requirements, enhanced regulatory 
supervision and reputational damage, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Barclays Bank 
Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 38 ---
32 
Conduct risk 
Conduct risk is the risk of detriment to customers, clients, market integrity, effective competition or the Barclays 
Bank Group from the inappropriate supply of financial services, including instances of wilful or negligent 
misconduct. This risk could manifest itself in a variety of ways: 

Employee misconduct 
The Barclays Bank Group's businesses are exposed to risk from potential non-compliance with its policies 
and standards and instances of wilful and negligent misconduct by employees, all of which could result in 
enforcement action (including regulatory fines and/or sanctions) increased operation and compliance costs, 
redress or remediation or reputational damage which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the 
Barclays Bank Group's business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Examples of 
employee misconduct which could have a material adverse effect on the Barclays Bank Group's business 
include (i) employees improperly selling or marketing the Barclays Bank Group's products and services; (ii) 
employees engaging in insider trading, market manipulation or unauthorised trading; or (iii) employees 
misappropriating confidential or proprietary information belonging to the Barclays Bank Group, its 
customers or third parties.  These risks may be exacerbated in circumstances where the Barclays Bank Group 
is unable to rely on physical oversight and supervision of employees (such as during the COVID-19 
pandemic where employees have worked remotely). 

Customer engagement 
The Barclays Bank Group must ensure that its customers, particularly those that are vulnerable, are able to 
make well-informed decisions on how best to use the Barclays Bank Group's financial services and 
understand that they are appropriately protected if something goes wrong. Poor customer outcomes can 
result from the failure to: (i) communicate fairly and clearly with customers; (ii) provide services in a 
timely and fair manner; and (iii) undertake appropriate activity to address customer detriment, including the 
adherence to regulatory and legal requirements on complaint handling. The Barclays Bank Group is at risk 
of financial loss and reputational damage as a result. 

Product design and review risk 
Products and services must meet the needs of clients, customers, markets and the Barclays Bank Group 
throughout their lifecycle, However, there is a risk that the design and review of the Barclays Bank Group 
products and services fail to reasonably consider and address potential or actual negative outcomes, which 
may result in customer detriment, enforcement action (including regulatory fines and/or sanctions), redress 
and remediation and reputational damage. Both the design and review of products and services are a key 
area of focus for regulators and the Barclays Bank Group, and this focus is set to continue in 2021. 

Financial crime 
The Barclays Bank Group may be adversely affected if it fails to effectively mitigate the risk that third 
parties or its employees facilitate, or that its products and services are used to facilitate, financial crime 
(money laundering, terrorist financing, breaches of economic and financial sanctions, bribery and 
corruption, and the facilitation of tax evasion). UK and US regulations covering financial institutions 
continue to focus on combating financial crime. Failure to comply may lead to enforcement action by the 
Barclays Bank Group's regulators, including severe penalties, which may have a material adverse effect on 
the Barclays Bank Group's business, financial condition and prospects. 

Regulatory focus on culture and accountability 
Regulators around the world continue to emphasise the importance of culture and personal accountability 
and enforce the adoption of adequate internal reporting and whistleblowing procedures to help to promote 
appropriate conduct and drive positive outcomes for customers, colleagues, clients and markets. The 
requirements and expectations of the UK Senior Managers Regime, Certification Regime and Conduct

--- Page 39 ---
33 
Rules have reinforced additional accountabilities for individuals across the Barclays Bank Group with an 
increased focus on governance and rigour. Failure to meet these requirements and expectations may lead to 
regulatory sanctions, both for the individuals and the Barclays Bank Group. 
Reputation risk 
Reputation risk is the risk that an action, transaction, investment, event, decision or business relationship will reduce 
trust in the Barclays Bank Group's integrity and competence.  
Any material lapse in standards of integrity, compliance, customer service or operating efficiency may represent a 
potential reputation risk. Stakeholder expectations constantly evolve, and so reputation risk is dynamic and varies 
between geographical regions, groups and individuals. A risk arising in one business area can have an adverse effect 
upon the Barclays Bank Group's overall reputation and any one transaction, investment or event (in the perception of 
key stakeholders) can reduce trust in the Barclays Bank Group's integrity and competence. The Barclays Bank 
Group's association with sensitive topics and sectors has been, and in some instances continues to be, an area of 
concern for stakeholders, including (i) the financing of, and investments in, businesses which operate in sectors that 
are sensitive because of their relative carbon intensity or local environmental impact; (ii) potential association with 
human rights violations (including combating modern slavery) in the Barclays Bank Group's operations or supply 
chain and by clients and customers; and (iii) the financing of businesses which manufacture and export military and 
riot control goods and services.  
Reputation risk could also arise from negative public opinion about the actual, or perceived, manner in which the 
Barclays Bank Group conducts its business activities, or the Barclays Bank Group's financial performance, as well 
as actual or perceived practices in banking and the financial services industry generally. Modern technologies, in 
particular online social media channels and other broadcast tools that facilitate communication with large audiences 
in short time frames and with minimal costs, may significantly enhance and accelerate the distribution and effect of 
damaging information and allegations. Negative public opinion may adversely affect the Barclays Bank Group's 
ability to retain and attract customers, in particular, corporate and retail depositors, and to retain and motivate staff, 
and could have a material adverse effect on the Barclays Bank Group's business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects.  
In addition to the above, reputation risk has the potential to arise from operational issues or conduct matters which 
cause detriment to customers, clients, market integrity, effective competition or the Barclays Bank Group (see 
"Operational risk" above).  
Legal risk and legal, competition and regulatory matters
The Barclays Bank Group conducts activities in a highly regulated market which exposes it and its employees to 
legal risk arising from (i) the multitude of laws and regulations that apply to the businesses it operates, which are 
highly dynamic, may vary between jurisdictions, and are often unclear in their application to particular 
circumstances especially in new and emerging areas; and (ii) the diversified and evolving nature of the Barclays 
Bank Group's businesses and business practices. In each case, this exposes the Barclays Bank Group and its 
employees to the risk of loss or the imposition of penalties, damages or fines from the failure of members of the 
Barclays Bank Group to meet their respective legal obligations, including legal or contractual requirements. Legal 
risk may arise in relation to any number of the material existing and emerging risks identified above. 
A breach of applicable legislation and/or regulations by the Barclays Bank Group or its employees could result in 
criminal prosecution, regulatory censure, potentially significant fines and other sanctions in the jurisdictions in 
which the Barclays Bank Group operates. Where clients, customers or other third parties are harmed by the Barclays 
Bank Group's conduct, this may also give rise to civil legal proceedings, including class actions. Other legal disputes 
may also arise between the Barclays Bank Group and third parties relating to matters such as breaches or 
enforcement of legal rights or obligations arising under contracts, statutes or common law. Adverse findings in any 
such matters may result in the Barclays Bank Group being liable to third parties or may result in the Barclays Bank 
Group's rights not being enforced as intended.

--- Page 40 ---
34 
Details of legal, competition and regulatory matters to which the Barclays Bank Group is currently exposed are set 
out in Note 14 (Legal, competition and regulatory matters) to the condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements of the Issuer on pages 41 to 46 of the 2021 6-K. In addition to matters specifically described in Note 14 
(Legal, competition and regulatory matters) to the condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Bank 
on pages 41 to 46 of the 2021 6-K, the Barclays Bank Group is engaged in various other legal proceedings which 
arise in the ordinary course of business. The Barclays Bank Group is also subject to requests for information, 
investigations and other reviews by regulators, governmental and other public bodies in connection with business 
activities in which the Barclays Bank Group is, or has been, engaged.  
The outcome of legal, competition and regulatory matters, both those to which the Barclays Bank Group is currently 
exposed and any others which may arise in the future, is difficult to predict. In connection with such matters, the 
Barclays Bank Group may incur significant expense, regardless of the ultimate outcome, and any such matters could 
expose the Barclays Bank Group to any of the following outcomes: substantial monetary damages, settlements 
and/or fines; remediation of affected customers and clients; other penalties and injunctive relief; additional 
litigation; criminal prosecution; the loss of any existing agreed protection from prosecution; regulatory restrictions 
on the Barclays Bank Group's business operations including the withdrawal of authorisations; increased regulatory 
compliance requirements or changes to laws or regulations; suspension of operations; public reprimands; loss of 
significant assets or business; a negative effect on the Barclays Bank Group's reputation; loss of confidence by 
investors, counterparties, clients and/or customers; risk of credit rating agency downgrades; potential negative 
impact on the availability and/or cost of funding and liquidity; and/or dismissal or resignation of key individuals. In 
light of the uncertainties involved in legal, competition and regulatory matters, there can be no assurance that the 
outcome of a particular matter or matters (including formerly active matters or those arising after the date of the 
2021 6-K) will not have a material adverse effect on the Barclays Bank Group's business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects. 
Regulatory action in the event a bank or investment firm in the Group is failing or likely to fail, including the 
exercise by the Resolution Authority of a variety of statutory resolution powers, could materially adversely affect 
the value of the Notes .
The Bank and the Barclays Bank Group are subject to substantial resolution powers 
Under the Banking Act 2009, as amended (the "Banking Act"), substantial powers are granted to the Bank of 
England (or, in certain circumstances, HM Treasury), in consultation with the PRA, the FCA and HM Treasury, as 
appropriate as part of a special resolution regime (the SRR). These powers enable the Bank of England (or any 
successor or replacement thereto and/or such other authority in the UK with the ability to exercise the UK Bail-in 
Power (as defined in the terms and conditions)) (the "Resolution Authority") to implement various resolution 
measures and stabilisation options (including, but not limited to, the bail-in tool) with respect to a UK bank or 
investment firm and certain of its affiliates (as of the date of this Base Prospectus including the Bank) (each a 
relevant entity) in circumstances in which the Resolution Authority is satisfied that the resolution conditions are met.  
The SRR consists of five stabilisation options: (a) private sector transfer of all or part of the business or shares of the 
relevant entity, (b) transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a "bridge bank" established by the 
Bank of England, (c) transfer to an asset management vehicle wholly or partly owned by HM Treasury or the Bank 
of England, (d) the bail-in tool (as described below) and (e) temporary public ownership (nationalisation). 
The Banking Act also provides for additional insolvency and administration procedures for relevant entities and for 
certain ancillary powers, such as the power to modify contractual arrangements in certain circumstances (which 
could include a variation of the terms of the Securities), powers to impose temporary suspension of payments, 
powers to suspend enforcement or termination rights that might be invoked as a result of the exercise of the 
resolution powers and powers for the Resolution Authority to disapply or modify laws in the UK (with possible 
retrospective effect) to enable the powers under the Banking Act to be used effectively. 
Holders of the Notes should assume that, in a resolution situation, financial public support will only be available to a 
relevant entity as a last resort after the relevant resolution authorities have assessed and used, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool. Any such exercise of the bail-in tool in respect of the 
Bank and/or the Notes may result in the cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, interest on, or 
any other amounts payable on, the Notes and/or the conversion of the Notes into shares or other Notes or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person, or any other modification or variation to the terms of the Notes.

--- Page 41 ---
35 
The exercise of any resolution powers or any suggestion of any such exercise could materially adversely affect the 
value of any Notes and could lead to holders of the Notes losing some or all of the value of their investment in the 
Notes. 
Resolution powers triggered prior to insolvency may not be anticipated and holders may have only limited rights to 
challenge them 
The resolution powers conferred by the SRR are intended to be used prior to the point at which any insolvency 
proceedings with respect to the relevant entity could have been initiated. The purpose of the resolution powers is to 
address the situation where all or part of a business of a relevant entity has encountered, or is likely to encounter, 
financial difficulties, giving rise to wider public interest concerns.  
Although the Banking Act provides specific conditions to the exercise of any resolution powers, it is uncertain how 
the Resolution Authority would assess such conditions in any particular pre-insolvency scenario affecting the Bank 
and/or other members of the Group and in deciding whether to exercise a resolution power. 
The Resolution Authority is also not required to provide any advance notice to holders of the Notes of its decision to 
exercise any resolution power. Therefore, holders of the Notes may not be able to anticipate a potential exercise of 
any such powers nor the potential effect of any exercise of such powers on the Bank, the Group and the Notes. 
Furthermore, holders of the Notes may have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any 
decision of the Resolution Authority to exercise its resolution powers (including the bail-in tool) or to have that 
decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
As insured deposits are excluded from the scope of the bail-in tool and other preferred deposits (and insured 
deposits) rank ahead of any Notes issued by the Bank, such Notes would be more likely to be bailed-in than certain 
other unsubordinated liabilities of the Bank (such as other preferred deposits)
The relevant legislation in the UK (including the UK Insolvency Act 1986) establishes a statutory preference in the 
insolvency hierarchy for certain deposits. Firstly, deposits that are insured under the UK Financial Services 
Compensation Scheme (insured deposits) rank with existing preferred claims as 'ordinary' preferred claims and 
secondly, all other deposits of individuals and micro, small and medium sized enterprises held in a UK bank (other 
preferred deposits), rank as 'secondary' preferred claims only after the 'ordinary' preferred claims.  
In addition, the UK implementation of the EU Deposit Guarantee Scheme Directive increased, from July 2015, the 
nature and quantum of insured deposits to cover a wide range of deposits, including corporate deposits (unless the 
depositor is a public sector body or financial institution) and some temporary high value deposits.  
The effect of these changes is to increase the size of the class of preferred creditors. All such preferred deposits will 
rank in the insolvency hierarchy ahead of all other unsecured senior creditors of the Bank, including the holders of 
the Notes. Furthermore, insured deposits are excluded from the scope of the bail-in tool. As a result, if the bail-in 
tool were exercised by the Resolution Authority, the Notes would be more likely to be bailed-in than certain other 
unsubordinated liabilities of the Bank such as other preferred deposits. 
A downgrade of the credit rating assigned by any credit rating agency to the Bank or, if applicable, to the 
Notes could adversely affect the liquidity or market value of the Notes. Credit ratings downgrades could 
occur as a result of, among other causes, changes in the ratings methodologies used by credit rating agencies.  
Classes of Notes may be rated by credit rating agencies and may in the future be rated by additional credit rating 
agencies, although the Bank is under no obligation to ensure that the Notes issued are rated by any credit rating 
agency. Credit ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in these Risk Factors and other factors that may affect the liquidity or market value of the Notes. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the 
credit rating agency at any time. 
Any rating assigned to the Bank and/or, if applicable, to the Notes may be withdrawn entirely by a credit rating 
agency, may be suspended or may be lowered, if, in that credit rating agency's judgment, circumstances relating to 
the basis of the rating so warrant. Ratings may be impacted by a number of factors which can change over time, 
including the credit rating agency's assessment of: the Bank's strategy and management's capability; the Bank's 
financial condition including in respect of capital, funding and liquidity; competitive and economic conditions in the 
Bank's key markets; the level of political support for the industries in which the Bank operates; and legal and 
regulatory frameworks affecting the issuer's legal structure, business activities and the rights of its creditors. The

--- Page 42 ---
36 
credit rating agencies may also revise the ratings methodologies applicable to issuers within a particular industry, or 
political or economic region. If credit rating agencies perceive there to be adverse changes in the factors affecting an 
issuer's credit rating, including by virtue of changes to applicable ratings methodologies, the credit rating agencies 
may downgrade, suspend or withdraw the ratings assigned to an issuer and/or its securities. Revisions to ratings 
methodologies and actions on the Bank's ratings by the credit rating agencies may occur in the future. 
If the Bank determines to no longer maintain one or more ratings, or if any credit rating agency withdraws, suspends 
or downgrades the credit ratings of the Bank or the Notes, or if such a withdrawal, suspension or downgrade is 
anticipated (or any credit rating agency places the credit ratings of the Bank or, if applicable, the Notes on "credit 
watch" status in contemplation of a downgrade, suspension or withdrawal), whether as a result of the factors 
described above or otherwise, such event could adversely affect the liquidity or market value of the Notes (whether 
or not the Notes had an assigned rating prior to such event). 
Furthermore, as a result of Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), if the status 
of a rating agency rating the Notes changes or the rating is not endorsed by a credit rating agency registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation, European regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes. Similarly and as a result of Regulation(EC) No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended (the "UK CRA Regulation"), if the status of a 
rating agency rating the Notes changes or the rating is not endorsed by a credit rating agency registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation, UK regulated investors may no longer be able to use a rating for regulatory purposes. In both 
cases, any such change could cause the Notes to be subject to different regulatory treatment. This may result in such 
European regulated investors or UK regulated investors, as applicable, selling the Notes, which may impact the 
value of the Notes and any secondary market. 
Risks relating to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks" 
Interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of national and 
international regulatory review and reform, with further changes anticipated. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or the benchmark could be eliminated entirely, or there could be 
other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Notes linked to such a "benchmark", including possible adverse U.S. tax consequences.  
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds (the EU Benchmarks Regulation) and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation") apply to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and 
the use of a benchmark within the EU and in the UK, respectively. These regulations could have a material impact 
on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the 
benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of any such regulation. In each case, such changes 
could, among other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affect the volatility of, the 
published rate or level of the benchmark.  
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increase in regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or participating in the setting of a benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuation or unavailability of quotes of certain 
"benchmarks."  
For Notes which reference any affected benchmark, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as 
to potential changes or other reforms to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark rates during the term 
of such Notes and the return on, value of and the trading market for such Notes. 
In accordance with the Conditions, Notes which reference any affected benchmark may be subject to the adjustment 
of the interest provisions in certain circumstances, such as the potential elimination of the relevant benchmark, 
inability to obtain authorisation or registration by the administrator of a benchmark, changes in the manner of 
administration of such benchmark or the availability of a successor or replacement benchmark. The circumstances 
which could trigger such adjustments are beyond the Bank's control and the subsequent use of a replacement 
benchmark may result in changes to the Conditions (which could be extensive) and/or interest payments that are 
lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on such Notes

--- Page 43 ---
37 
if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. Although pursuant to the Conditions, spread 
adjustments may be applied to such replacement benchmark in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark, the application of such adjustments to the Notes may not achieve this 
objective. Any such changes may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. There is no assurance that the characteristics of any 
replacement benchmark would be similar to the affected benchmark, that any replacement benchmark would 
produce the economic equivalent of the affected benchmark or would be a suitable replacement for the affected 
benchmark. The choice of replacement benchmark is uncertain and could result in the use of risk-free rates (see "The 
market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) which are possible reference 
rates for the Notes" for the risks relating to the use of such rates) and/or in the replacement benchmark being 
unavailable or indeterminable.  
In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the immediately preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a 
fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or the 
initial Interest Rate. Furthermore, if the Issuer determines it is not able to follow the prescribed steps set out in the 
Conditions, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on the trading markets for such Notes, the liquidity of such Notes and/or the 
value of and return on any such Notes. 
The Conditions may require the exercise of discretion by the Bank, its designee or an independent adviser, as the 
case may be, and the making of potentially subjective judgments (including as to the occurrence or not of any events 
which may trigger amendments to the Conditions) and/or the amendment of the Conditions without the consent of 
Holders. The interests of the Bank or those of its designee or the independent adviser, as applicable, in making such 
determinations or amendments may be adverse to the interests of the Holders. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under Notes linked to a benchmark or 
could have a material adverse effect on the market value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under such Notes. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to such Notes. Investors 
should also consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed 
by the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the UK Benchmarks Regulation and any other regulations relating to 
benchmarks and/or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) which are possible 
reference rates for the Notes
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA), the Secured Overnight Financing Rates (SOFR), the euro short-term rate 
(€STR), the Overnight Bank Funding Rate (OBFR) and the Singapore Overnight Rate Average (SORA), as 
reference rates in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar, euro or Singapore dollar bonds, and their adoption as 
alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are 
exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of 
certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average of these reference rates 
over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different measures of such risk-free rates. For example, on 
2 March 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR 
Compounded Index and on 3 August 2020, the Bank of England, as the administrator of SONIA, began publishing 
the SONIA Compounded Index. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly from that 
set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free rates issued under this 
Programme. The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, 
SOFR Compounded Index, €STR, OBFR or SORA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when 
compared with any previous SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, €STR, OBFR 
or SORA referenced Notes issued by it under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond 
markets could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any 
Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under the Programme from time to time.

--- Page 44 ---
38 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the 
bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in 
place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
The use of risk-free rates as reference rates for Eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to change and development 
in terms of the methodology used to calculate such rates, the development of rates based on risk-free rates and the 
development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in notes linked to such 
risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, 
the methodology for determining any overnight rate index used to determine the Rate of Interest in respect of certain 
Notes could change during the life of such Notes. 
Notes referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities referencing such risk-
free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading 
prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if the 
relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes 
linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors in such Notes may not be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that 
will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. 
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical performance 
data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely on hypothetical or actual historical 
performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk free rates. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Notes which 
reference SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, €STR, OBFR or SORA.  
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-
free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed 
on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As 
such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank offered rates as 
interest reference rates for the Notes. For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes 
in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For that reason, future 
performance of such rates may be difficult to predict based on their limited historical performance. The level of such 
rates during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in 
the behaviour of market variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the future. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which 
reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and 
some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which 
could adversely impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, in contrast to Notes linked to interbank offered rates, if 
Notes referencing backwards-looking SONIA, SOFR, €STR, OBFR or SORA become due and payable under 
Condition 14 (Enforcement Events and Remedies) or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Interest Rate payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled 
for redemption.

--- Page 45 ---
39 
Any of the administrators of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, OBFR and SORA may make changes that could change 
the value of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, OBFR or SORA or discontinue SONIA, SOFR, €STR, OBFR or SORA 
respectively 
The Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the European Central Bank or the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore (or their successors) as administrators of SONIA (and SONIA Compounded Index), SOFR 
(and SOFR Compounded Index) and OBFR, €STR or SORA, respectively, may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of these risk-free rates and/or indices, including changes related to the method 
by which such rates and/or indices are calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate 
such rates and/or indices, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR 
Compounded Index, OBFR, €STR or SORA. In addition, an administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SONIA, SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR, SOFR Compounded Index, OBFR, 
€STR, or SORA, in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply in 
accordance with the Conditions (see "Risks relating to Notes which are linked to "benchmarks"). An administrator 
has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing any such risk-free rate. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GLOBAL COLLATERALISED MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
Notes issued under the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series 
Each Global Collateralised Medium Term Note of a Class will share in the security granted by the LLP for such 
Class under the Security Agreement. If an Acceleration Event occurs with respect to such Class, all the Notes of that 
Class will accelerate at the same time against the Issuer but will be subject to, and have the benefit of, payments 
made by the LLP under the LLP Undertaking. In order to ensure that any further issuance of Notes does not 
adversely affect existing holders of the Notes, any new Class, except with respect to Classes in a Shared Collateral 
Class Group, will have separate collateral arrangements from those described herein relating to the Notes. Classes in 
a Shared Collateral Class Group will share in the liquidation proceeds relating to the Class Collateral of each Class 
that is a part of such Shared Collateral Class Group at the time of such liquidation, but not in the liquidation 
proceeds arising from the sale of Class Collateral relating to any other Classes not in such Shared Collateral Class 
Group. Accordingly, prospective investors should be aware that additional collateral will not be made available to 
the LLP in order for it to meet its obligations under the LLP Undertaking with respect to the Notes, and that any 
surplus collateral from any other Class will not be available as a source of payment for the LLP or the Issuer. 
Applicable Enforcing Party's powers may affect the interests of the holders of the Notes 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions, the Applicable Enforcing Party will only have regard 
to the interests of the holders of the Notes of any relevant Class and may not act on behalf of any Seller. If, in 
connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Applicable Enforcing Party is of the 
opinion that the interests of the holders of the Notes of any relevant Class would be materially prejudiced thereby, 
the Applicable Enforcing Party may seek direction from the applicable group of Noteholders, seek advice from 
counsel and rely upon the same, or otherwise take action that may result in delays in actions by the Applicable 
Enforcing Party, and potentially losses on the Notes for some or all investors. See the summary of the rights of the 
Applicable Enforcing Party in "Summary of the Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement (English law)" 
and "Summary of the Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement (New York law)" below. 
Transaction Documents may be amended, or provisions waived, without investor consent 
Potential investors should review the description of the standard for amendments and waivers under each of the 
Transaction Documents. In certain circumstances, described herein, one or more Transaction Documents could be 
amended, or a waiver granted of a provision thereof, without the need for consent from any of the Noteholders. See 
"Summary of the Transaction Documents—The Administration Agreement" and "Summary of the Transaction 
Documents—The Collateral Administration Agreement".

--- Page 46 ---
40 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to their scheduled maturity date 
The applicable Final Terms for a particular Class of Notes may provide that the Issuer has a right to redeem the 
Notes prior to their scheduled Maturity Date. With respect to Classes the Eligible Securities for which include 
Restricted Securities Collateral, the Final Terms may provide that the Issuer has a right to redeem the Notes 
following the occurrence of the Escrow Termination Date, a change in the Class B Conversion Rate, any 
determination that the applicable Custodian may not hold the Restricted Securities Collateral for the account of the 
LLP or as otherwise indicated in the Final Terms for the applicable Class. See "Securities Collateral consisting of 
Visa B Common Stock is subject to transfer restrictions and possible dilutive adjustments that may adversely affect 
its marketability and value and result in losses to holders of the Notes." Although rights of early redemption are 
often exercised in periods where prevailing interest rates are lower than those prevailing at the time of issuance, the 
Issuer may elect to exercise any early redemption right at any time as permitted under the applicable Final Terms for 
other reasons, in its discretion. If the market interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the Issuer will 
exercise its right of early redemption increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may be 
lower than expected. 
The Final Terms for a particular Class of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of Noteholders. A 
prospective investor in such a Note should understand the consequences of liquidating any investment in such Notes 
by redeeming such investment as opposed to selling it. This includes knowing when the Notes are redeemable and 
how to redeem them. 
If the Notes are redeemed or cancelled prior to their scheduled Maturity Date (including as a result of an exercise of 
any Call Option, Put Option or Make-Whole Redemption Option), the Issuer will take into account when 
determining the relevant Redemption Amount, and deduct therefrom, an amount in respect of all costs, charges, 
taxes, duties, losses and expenses (if any) incurred (or expected to be incurred) by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
connection with the redemption or cancellation of the Notes, including, without limitation, any costs associated with 
terminating, liquidating, obtaining or re-establishing any hedge or related trading position (including, without 
limitation, hedging unwind and funding breakage costs and any associated costs of funding). Such costs, charges, 
taxes, duties, losses and expenses will reduce the amount received by Noteholders on redemption or cancellation and 
may reduce the Redemption Amount to zero. The Issuer is under no duty to hedge itself at all or in any particular 
manner, and is not required to hedge itself in a manner that would (or may be expected to) result in the lowest costs, 
charges, taxes, duties, losses and expenses. 
The Notes may bear interest at negative rates 
The Conditions of the Notes provide that for Notes that bear interest at a floating rate, the Interest Amount for an 
Interest Period may be a positive or negative value or zero. When the Interest Amount is a negative value, the 
negative Interest Amount shall be offset against the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, Early Redemption 
Date, Make-Whole Redemption Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable. As a result, in the event of 
sustained periods of negative interest rates, Noteholders could lose some or all of the entire value of their investment 
in the Notes. 
Redemption or cancellation of the Notes in the event of illegality or physical impossibility 
If the Issuer determines that the performance of any of its absolute or contingent obligations under the Notes has 
become illegal or a physical impossibility, in whole or in part, for any reason, the Issuer may redeem or cancel the 
Notes by paying each holder of such Notes an amount equal to the relevant Redemption Amount of such Note, 
notwithstanding such illegality. Such redemption or cancellation may result in an investor not realising a return or 
realising a reduced return on an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Status of the Notes and the LLP Undertaking 
The Notes are direct, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank equally among 
themselves and, with the exception of certain obligations given priority by applicable law, will rank pari passu with 
all other present and future outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The obligations of

--- Page 47 ---
41 
the LLP under the LLP Undertaking constitute direct, unsubordinated and limited recourse secured obligations of 
the LLP (with such recourse being limited to the Collateral for any Class, which in the case of any Class in a Shared 
Collateral Class Group, would include Collateral of the Shared Collateral Class Group). If the proceeds of 
realisation of the Collateral for a Class are insufficient to meet the claims of the related Noteholders in full, the 
Noteholders will continue to rank as unsecured creditors of the Issuer in respect of any shortfall due and payable by 
the Issuer pursuant to the relevant Notes. 
Possible illiquidity of the secondary market 
There can be no assurance as to how Notes will trade in the secondary market or whether such market will be liquid 
or illiquid, which may adversely affect the value of the Notes and/or the ability of the Noteholder to dispose of them. 
There will be one Note per Class and the Eligible Security for each Class (particularly with respect to Classes the 
Eligible Securities for which include Restricted Securities Collateral) is to a degree bespoke for the initial holder(s) 
of such Class, further adversely affecting the liquidity of such Notes. The Issuer may list Notes on the Euronext 
Dublin or any other exchange as is specified in the applicable Final Terms or may issue Notes which are not listed 
on any exchange. However, no assurance can be given that any secondary trading market will develop for the Notes, 
and neither the Issuer nor any Lender is required to make a market in the Notes. If Notes are not listed or traded on 
any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of such Notes 
may be adversely affected. The fact that Notes are listed will not necessarily lead to greater liquidity. Neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer currently intends to make a market in any Class of Notes. 
If additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
Also, to the extent that Notes of a particular Series are redeemed in part, the number of Notes of such Series 
outstanding will decrease, resulting in diminished liquidity for the remaining Notes. A decrease in the liquidity of a 
Class of Notes may cause, in turn, an increase in the volatility associated with the price of such Class of Notes. 
Certain Notes are also subject to transfer restrictions. See "Terms and Conditions of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes—Form, Title and Transfer". 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers of Notes should be aware that duties and other taxes and/or expenses, including any applicable 
depositary charges, transaction charges, stamp duty and other charges, may be levied in accordance with the laws 
and practices in the countries where the Notes are transferred. 
Except to the extent that the Issuer is required by law to withhold or deduct amounts for or on account of Tax or to 
the extent otherwise disclosed in the Conditions, a holder of Notes must pay all Taxes and Settlement Expenses 
relating to the Notes. As used in the Conditions of the Notes, "Settlement Expenses" include any expenses (other 
than in relation to Taxes) payable on or in respect of or in connection with the redemption, exercise or settlement of 
such Note or Notes, and "Taxes" means any tax, duty, impost, levy, charge or contribution in the nature of taxation 
or any withholding or deduction for or on account thereof, including any applicable stock exchange tax, turnover 
tax, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature chargeable or payable and includes any interest and penalties in respect thereof. 
Save to the extent otherwise disclosed in the Conditions, the Issuer is not liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any 
Taxes or Settlement Expenses and all payments and/or deliveries made by the Issuer will be made subject to any 
such Taxes or Settlement Expenses which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
The information on taxation contained in this Base Prospectus is based on the law and practice currently in force and 
is subject to change. The effect of the current taxation regimes referred to in this Base Prospectus may vary 
depending upon the individual circumstances of an investor. The levels and bases of, and reliefs from, taxation can 
also change. The Issuer cannot give any assurance as to the actual tax treatment of the Notes, or of a particular 
investor, as a result of the purchase, holding, sale, redemption or exercise of a Note.

--- Page 48 ---
42 
Potential purchasers of Notes should consult their own independent tax advisers. In addition, potential purchasers 
should be aware that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from time to 
time. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment which will apply at any given time. 
Non-registration under the Securities Act and restrictions on transfer 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Notes are being issued and sold in reliance upon 
exemptions from registration provided by such laws. Consequently, the transfer of the Notes will be subject to 
satisfaction of legal requirements applicable to transfers that do not require registration under the Securities Act or 
with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. In addition, the Notes 
are subject to certain transfer restrictions as described herein under "Clearance, Settlement and Transfer 
Restrictions" and "Purchase and Sale", which may further limit the liquidity of the Notes. 
Legality of Purchase 
Neither the Issuer nor the LLP have registered or will register as an investment company under the Investment 
Company Act (or any similar non-US regulatory regime), and, accordingly, investors in the Notes are not afforded 
the protections of regulation under the Investment Company Act or otherwise. 
None of the Bank, the LLP, the Administrator or any of their affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the 
lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective purchaser of the Notes, whether under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that 
prospective purchaser with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. However, notwithstanding the 
lawfulness of any acquisition of the Notes, where Notes are held by or on behalf of a US person (as defined in 
Regulation S) who is not a QIB and a QP at the time it purchases such Notes, the Bank may, in its discretion and at 
the expense and risk of such holder, (a) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, of any such holder who holds any 
Note in violation of the applicable transfer restrictions or (b) compel any such holder to transfer the Notes to a 
purchaser who is a QIB and also a QP or to a non-US person outside the United States. 
If, despite such restrictions, a court were to determine that the LLP was required to register as an investment 
company under the Investment Company Act, both the LLP and holders of Notes are likely to be materially and 
adversely affected. 
No Fiduciary Role 
None of the Bank, the LLP, the Applicable Enforcing Party, the Administrator, the Collateral Administrator, any of 
the parties to the Transaction Documents or any of their respective Affiliates is acting as an investment advisor, 
and none of them (other than the Applicable Enforcing Party) assumes any fiduciary obligation, to any purchaser of 
Notes. 
None of the Bank, the LLP, the Applicable Enforcing Party, the Collateral Administrator, the Administrator or any 
of the parties to the Transaction Documents or any of their respective Affiliates assumes any responsibility for 
conducting or failing to conduct any investigation into the business, financial condition, prospects, creditworthiness, 
status and/or affairs of an obligor of the Class Collateral. 
None of such parties makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to any of such matters. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE LLP AND THE CLASS COLLATERAL 
LLP only obliged to pay Payment Amounts when such amounts are Due for Payment 
Under the terms of the LLP Undertaking, the LLP is obliged to pay Payment Amounts as and when such amounts 
are "Due for Payment,"  meaning, prior to the occurrence of an Acceleration Event with respect to any Class, the 
date on which an amount of interest or principal (including any accreted discount) is due on the Notes of such Class

--- Page 49 ---
43 
(whether pursuant to the original terms of such Class or any earlier date on which such amounts become due, in 
accordance with the terms of such Class, by reason of prepayment, acceleration of maturity, mandatory or optional 
redemption or otherwise), and following the occurrence of an Acceleration Event with respect to such Class, the 
Acceleration Date. The LLP is not obliged to pay any other amounts (including broken funding indemnities, 
penalties, premiums, default interest or interest on interest which may accrue on or in respect of the Notes) which 
become payable for any other reason, nor is it liable to pay amounts that would otherwise constitute Payment 
Amounts if the same are not Due for Payment. The Payment Amount with respect to the Notes may be less than the 
amount that would have been due had the Notes been paid on their scheduled maturity date in full. If, following an 
Acceleration Event, a Note is accelerated on a date prior to its maturity date, the Payment Amount will not include 
interest accruing (or discount accreting) for any period after the applicable Acceleration Date.
Limited Recourse Obligations of the LLP 
The LLP is a special purpose, bankruptcy-remote limited liability partnership organised under the laws of England 
and Wales, having limited assets other than its right, title and interest in, to and under the Collateral pledged to each 
Applicable Enforcing Party for the benefit of the related Secured Creditors. The Notes represent obligations solely 
of the Issuer, with the benefit of payment undertakings by the LLP, and the only security available for the benefit of 
the Noteholders will be the Collateral related to the applicable Class (or Shared Collateral Class Group in the case of 
a Class in a Shared Collateral Class Group), subject to the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments summarised under 
"Summary of the Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement (English law)" and "Summary of the 
Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement (New York law)". As noted above, only the Class Collateral for a 
given Class (or Shared Collateral Class Group in the case of a Class in a Shared Collateral Class Group) is available 
to support that Class (or Shared Collateral Class Group): the Notes of different Classes are not cross-collateralised 
except that each Class in a Shared Collateral Class Group shares Collateral with the other Classes in its Shared 
Collateral Class Group. Excess Class Collateral available in respect of one Class's related Class Collateral will not 
be available to any other Class except in the case of a Class that is included in a Shared Collateral Class Group. 
Otherwise, the holders of the Notes will have an unsecured claim against the Issuer. Although the Applicable 
Enforcing Party has the right to enforce certain rights and remedies against the LLP upon the occurrence of certain 
events of default, as set forth in the Transaction Documents, and to enforce the rights of the LLP against the 
applicable Seller under the applicable Repurchase Agreement following the declaration or deemed declaration of a 
Repurchase Event of Default, there can be no assurance that the Collateral will be sufficiently liquid or sufficient in 
an amount to cause the Notes to be paid in full at such time. 
The LLP's ability to meet its obligations under the LLP Undertaking with respect to any Class will depend on (i) the 
availability and realisable value of the Class Collateral held by the Applicable Enforcing Party for the benefit of the 
related Class (or Shared Collateral Class Group in the case of a Class in a Shared Collateral Class Group), (ii) the 
amount of Available Receipts generated by repurchases by the Sellers under the related Repurchase Transactions, 
(iii) the receipt by it of funds from the sale of property credited to the Collateral Account and/or the Escrow Account 
allocated to the related Class (or Shared Collateral Class Group in the case of a Class in a Shared Collateral Class 
Group), and (iv) any other realisable value derived from any other Collateral relating to such Class (or Shared 
Collateral Class Group in the case of a Class in a Shared Collateral Class Group). The LLP's obligations under the 
LLP Undertaking arise on a Class by Class (or Shared Collateral Class Group in the case of a Class in a Shared 
Collateral Class Group) basis, meaning that if Class Collateral for a given Class (or Shared Collateral Class Group in 
the case of a Class in a Shared Collateral Class Group) yields an excess, such excess may not be applied to offset 
losses that arise in connection with another Class except in the case of a Class included in a Shared Collateral Class 
Group. Prospective investors should carefully review the descriptions of the security and collateral arrangements, 
and the description of the LLP Undertaking, set forth in this Base Prospectus, and ensure that they fully understand 
the limits on the Collateral available for any given Class (or Shared Collateral Class Group in the case of a Class in a 
Shared Collateral Class Group). With respect to any Class (or Shared Collateral Class Group in the case of a Class in 
a Shared Collateral Class Group), recourse against the LLP under the LLP Undertaking is limited to the Collateral 
applicable to such Class (or Shared Collateral Class Group in the case of a Class in a Shared Collateral Class Group) 
and the proceeds thereof, and any payments with respect to such Class under the LLP Undertaking are limited by 
and subject to the priorities of payments related to the Notes. If an Acceleration Event for a Class occurs and the 
Issuer defaults in its payment of the Notes of such Class, the Collateral applicable to that Class (or Shared Collateral 
Class Group in the case of a Class in a Shared Collateral Class Group) may not be sufficient to meet the claims of all 
the Secured Creditors in that Class (or Shared Collateral Class Group in the case of a Class in a Shared Collateral

--- Page 50 ---
44 
Class Group). See "Summary of the Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement (English law) —
Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments" and "Summary of the Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement 
(New York law) —US System Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments" below. 
Limited recourse to the Sellers 
The LLP, the Custodians, the Collateral Administrator and each Applicable Enforcing Party will not undertake any 
investigations, searches or other actions on any Class Collateral and will rely instead on the representations and 
warranties given in each Repurchase Agreement by the applicable Seller in respect of the Purchased Securities sold 
by it to the LLP. See "Summary of the Transaction Documents— Repurchase Agreements" below. In the event such 
Seller sells securities to the LLP that are not Eligible Securities, and such Seller fails to repurchase such ineligible 
securities or there is any other Repurchase Event of Default applicable to the Seller, the LLP has the option to 
require such Seller to immediately repurchase the related securities. There is, however, no guarantee that such Seller 
will comply with such requirement and, in the event the LLP sells such securities to a third party at a price below the 
applicable Repurchase Price, there is no guarantee that such Seller will make up the shortfall. In such event, the LLP 
would then only have an unsecured claim against such Seller in the amount of such shortfall, as well as related 
interest and damages. 
Potential Application of the Bail-In Power to the Rights of The LLP 
The following sections describe the potential application of the bail-in power to the rights of the LLP under the 
related Repurchase Agreement, the LLP and the LLP Undertaking and Security Agreement, and the Issuer and the 
Notes.  
(a)
Treatment of the Repurchase Agreement 
Under the Banking Act 2009 (Restriction of Bail-In Provision, etc) Order 2014 (the 2014 Order), the bail-in tool 
cannot be used to cancel or modify liabilities under repurchase agreements and other forms of financial contracts 
which are capable of being set-off or netted (which would include the liabilities under the Repurchase Agreement) 
but which have not been converted into a net debt claim or obligation. Only post-netting or set-off liabilities can be 
cancelled or modified. The 2014 Order does not operate to prohibit the bail-in provision from being exercised to 
convert the protected liability (the liability that is subject to set-off or netting) into the net sum that would be due 
following netting or set-off. Any post-netting liability of the Issuer or other entity as seller under the Repurchase 
Agreement (e.g. resulting from under-collateralisation at the point of netting) would be an unsecured obligation of 
the Issuer or other repo seller as repo seller and so susceptible to bail-in. To the extent any under-collateralised claim 
of the LLP against a repo seller were subject to bail-in, the ultimate recoveries available to the LLP to support the 
LLP Undertaking would be diminished by the value of that unsecured claim to the extent subject to bail-in.
(b)
Treatment of the LLP, the LLP Undertaking and Security Agreement 
The Global Collateralized Medium Term Notes benefit from the limited recourse LLP Undertaking, pursuant to 
which the LLP agrees to pay an amount equal to any amount of principal and interest due but unpaid under an 
applicable Class of Notes, limited to the Collateral expressed in the Security Agreement applicable to such Class and 
the proceeds thereof. Because the LLP Undertaking is a secured obligation pursuant to the applicable Security 
Agreement, it should not be subject to the bail-in tool, up to the value of the relevant security. 
In connection with the exercise of the bail-in tool, the UK Banking Act grants the relevant UK resolution authority 
an ancillary power to cancel or modify a contract, such as the LLP Undertaking, under which a banking group 
company, such as the LLP, has a liability. Although as discussed above the UK Banking Act expressly provides that 
secured obligations are not subject to bail-in to the extent the obligation is secured, the provision granting this 
ancillary power to cancel or modify a contract does not expressly exclude secured obligations. Consequently, there 
is a risk that the relevant UK resolution authority could exercise this ancillary power to cancel or modify the 
liabilities of the LLP under the LLP Undertaking. No assurances can be given as to how the relevant UK resolution 
authority would seek to exercise the bail-in power.

--- Page 51 ---
45 
In the event of use of the bail-in tool by the relevant UK resolution authority, the liabilities of the Issuer under the 
Notes could be cancelled, modified or changed. The LLP Undertaking (as amended) expressly provides that any 
such cancellation, modification or change in the liability or the form of liability of the Issuer under the Notes, 
resulting from the making of a special bail-in provision (as such term is defined in section 48B of the Banking Act) 
with respect to the Issuer shall in no way affect or impair the rights of Any Applicable Enforcing Party or holder or 
the obligations of the LLP pursuant to the LLP Undertaking and that the LLP Undertaking shall remain in full force 
and effect as if such special bail-in provision had not been made. As a result, the LLP Undertaking provides that the 
quantum of the obligation secured by the LLP Undertaking will not be affected by a reduction in the Issuer's liability 
under the Note arising from application of the bail-in tool. 
The BRRD also provides that covered bonds are exempt from the scope of the bail-in power. This exemption is not 
reflected in the Banking Act by a direct exclusion of covered bonds. Rather, the Banking Act 2009 (Banking Group 
Companies) Order 2014 (the Banking Group Companies Order) excludes "covered bond vehicles" (as defined in the 
Banking Group Companies Order) from the categories of banking group companies which can be the subject of a 
bail-in. The Programme is structured in a manner that is similar in many respects to a covered bond programme, but 
no assurance can be given that a UK resolution authority or a court would ultimately determine that the Programme 
would be eligible to benefit from the exclusion of covered bond vehicles from the scope of the bail-in power.  
(c)
Treatment of the Issuer and the Notes 
Several categories of liabilities are excluded from the scope of the bail-in power, including liabilities of a bank to the 
extent that they are secured. Secured liabilities are defined in this context to include liabilities that are "covered" by 
collateral arrangements. Because the liabilities of the Issuer to the holders of the Notes benefit from the collateral 
arrangement involving the LLP Undertaking and the Security Agreement, the relevant UK resolution authority could 
consider these liabilities to be "covered" by a collateral arrangement and, as such, be secured liabilities of the Issuer 
for purposes of the application of the bail-in tool. However, given that the liabilities are secured by the LLP and not 
directly by the Issuer, it is possible that the relevant UK resolution authority or a court could conclude that the 
liabilities should be treated as being unsecured liabilities of the Issuer, and thus subject to bail-in. 
Insolvency of the LLP - UK Insolvency Act 1986 
The Programme has been structured so as to reduce significantly the likelihood of the LLP entering into an English 
insolvency process (administration, liquidation, company voluntary arrangement or receivership) or an arrangement, 
reorganisation or restructuring (a standalone moratorium, scheme of arrangement or a restructuring plan). However, 
if the LLP were nevertheless to enter into an English insolvency process or arrangement, the ability of an Applicable 
Enforcing Party to enforce the security interests granted by the LLP under the relevant Security Agreement may be 
limited in the manner set out below. Under the Banking Act, an undertaking within the same group as a UK bank 
can, in certain circumstances, become subject to the bank administration procedure provided for in the Banking Act. 
Each reference in this section to administration or the administrator includes a reference to bank administration, to 
the extent applicable to the LLP, or as applicable to the related bank administrator. 
If the LLP were to enter into administration (or certain documents were filed at court with a view to placing the LLP 
into administration), a moratorium, which would prevent any step being taken to enforce security interests over the 
LLP's assets (without the leave of the administrator or the court), would automatically be applicable and would 
continue while the LLP is in administration. The moratorium does not affect title transfer arrangements (such as 
those contained in the English Law Security Agreement). The moratorium may not prevent the taking of steps to 
enforce security interests outside of England and Wales, subject to contrary order by a UK or foreign court. If the 
moratorium applied, the relevant Applicable Enforcing Party would need to obtain the consent of the administrator 
or the permission of the court in order to take any step to enforce the security interests granted under the applicable 
Security Agreement. 
If it met certain criteria and wished to put forward a company voluntary arrangement, the LLP could seek protection 
from its creditors, by virtue of a moratorium on taking any step to enforce security over the LLP's assets (without the 
leave of the court) for a period of 28 days, with the option for creditors to extend the moratorium for a further two 
months. There are certain exclusions from the protection of a company voluntary arrangement moratorium, which 
include a situation where the LLP has incurred a liability under an agreement of at least £10 million.

--- Page 52 ---
46 
In addition to the administration moratorium, the LLP could seek alternative protection from creditors by putting in 
place the standalone moratorium. An LLP can, by its members filing the relevant documents at court, obtain a 
standalone moratorium to provide it with breathing space in order to explore its options in respect of rescue or 
restructuring but only if it is likely it can continue as a going concern. The standalone moratorium affects an LLP by 
preventing the enforcement of security (and other actions). The initial period of  a standalone moratorium is 20 days 
with options to extend. The standalone moratorium can also be used in conjunction with other insolvency or rescue 
procedures such as a company voluntary arrangement. However, as the LLP is party to a capital market arrangement 
for a debt of at least £10 million and involved in the issue of a capital market investment, it is likely to be deemed an 
excluded entity to which a standalone moratorium does not apply.  Further, a capital market investment is an 
excluded contract under the standalone moratorium therefore even if the LLP could obtain a  standalone 
moratorium, any rights under the Security Agreements to which it is a party would still be exercisable against the 
LLP except insofar as they are prohibited. The standalone moratorium may also not apply to the LLP as, as 
aforementioned, an undertaking within the same group as a UK bank can, in certain circumstances, become subject 
to the bank administration procedure and deposit-taking banks, banking group companies under the Banking Act 
2009 and investment banks are all excluded entities for the purpose of the standalone moratorium. It is noted that the 
Secretary of State is able under regulation to modify these exceptions and therefore no assurance can be given that 
any future modifications will not be detrimental to the noteholders.  
Other rescue or reorganisation procedures available to an LLP include a scheme of arrangement and a restructuring 
plan. Both a scheme of arrangement and a restructuring plan enable the LLP to seek  a compromise arrangement 
with its creditors. A restructuring plan however has the unique feature of enabling a cross-class cram down meaning 
that if one class of creditors is dissenting, it can be forced to adhere to the plan if the dissenting class can be shown 
to be no worse off than under the relevant alternative (for example, a liquidation) and at least one class that would 
receive payment or has a genuine economic interest in the LLP has voted in favour.  Where available, a standalone 
moratorium can be used in parallel to a scheme of arrangement or restructuring plan which would affect the 
enforcement of security however, as mentioned above, this is unlikely to affect the LLP. 
If the LLP went into liquidation or administration, then to the extent any of the security interests created by or 
pursuant to the Security Agreement were regarded as "floating" rather than "fixed" security interests under English 
law, certain preferential debts (including debts, liabilities, expenses, remuneration of an administrator or liquidator 
and after 1 December 2020, certain HMRC debts) will rank in priority to claims of holders of floating security 
interests and would be paid out of the floating secured assets. In addition, a prescribed part of the realisations under 
those security interests (up to a maximum of £800,000) would need to be made available for the satisfaction of 
unsecured debts of the LLP (if any) in priority to claims under those "floating" security interests. 
If the LLP were to enter into administration, the administrator could in certain circumstances (but only with leave of 
the court where the security interests are "fixed") dispose of or take action in relation to assets subject to security 
interests as if they were not subject to that security, and this could affect the extent to which an Applicable 
Enforcing Party could itself enforce the security interests granted under the applicable Security Agreement. If the 
administrator were to take such a step, secured creditors would have the same priority in respect of the net proceeds 
as they had in respect of the assets subject to the security interests. 
The administration moratorium, the company voluntary arrangement moratorium, the standalone moratorium, the 
prescribed part and the ability of administrators to dispose of secured assets (all discussed above) would not apply if 
and to the extent that the Security Agreement in relation to the security interests granted under it is regarded as 
constituting a "security financial collateral arrangement" under the UK Financial Collateral Arrangements (No. 2) 
Regulations 2003 (the "Financial Collateral Regulations"). No assurance can be given that the Security Agreement 
in relation to the security interests granted under it would be so regarded for the purposes of the Financial Collateral 
Regulations. 
Insolvency of the Bank and BCSL—Treatment of Repurchase Agreements 
Since Barclays Bank PLC is authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") with permission to carry on 
the regulated activity of accepting deposits, the special resolution regime set out in the Banking Act could apply in 
relation to its insolvency or to undertakings within the same group as a UK bank that satisfy certain specified 
conditions, to the insolvency of BCSL and/or the LLP.

--- Page 53 ---
47 
Under the special resolution regime, there are five pre-insolvency "stabilisation options" that could potentially be 
implemented by a combination of the FCA, the Bank of England's Financial Policy Committee and the PRA (known 
as the "Authorities"), namely (1) the transfer of all or part of the bank to a private sector purchaser; (2) the transfer 
of all or part of the bank to a bridge bank owned by the Bank of England; (3) transfer of the bank or bank holding 
company to temporary public ownership; (4) transfer to an asset management vehicle wholly or partly owned by 
HM Treasury or the Bank of England; and (5) the bail-in tool. The decision to trigger the special resolution regime 
and, once triggered, the decision to implement the stabilisation options, will be made by the Authorities with regard 
to a number of public interest factors not limited to the bank's solvency and potentially out of the control of the 
Bank, including for example the stability of the UK's financial systems, the maintenance of public confidence and 
the protection of depositors. 
A stabilisation option may be implemented that involves the transfer effected by a property transfer instrument of 
some or all of the property, rights and liabilities of the Bank to a purchaser or bridge bank. A transfer can take place 
regardless of any legislative or contractual restriction including any consent requirement. It is possible that all or 
only some of the rights and/or liabilities of the Bank to the LLP under the Repurchase Agreements could be 
transferred. However, under the Banking Act 2009 (Restriction of Partial Property Transfers) Order 2009, a property 
transfer instrument may not provide for the transfer of some, but not all, of the protected rights and liabilities 
between a party and the bank under a particular set-off arrangement, netting arrangement or title transfer financial 
collateral arrangement; for the transfer of the property or rights against which a liability is secured unless that 
liability and the benefit of the security are also transferred; or for the transfer of some, but not all, of the property, 
rights and liabilities which are or form part of a capital market arrangement to which the bank is a party. Provision is 
also made for an assessment of whether compensation should be paid to some or all pre-transfer creditors. A 
purchaser or bridge bank would thereafter take the place of the Bank in relation to the Repurchase Agreements. 
None of the stabilisation options could be implemented in a manner which involves a transfer to a purchaser or 
bridge bank of collateral which has been transferred to the LLP under the Repurchase Agreements.
Where some or all of the property of the bank has been transferred, the Bank of England may also modify or cancel 
a contract or other arrangement between the residual bank and a group company (which might include the LLP) 
(whether or not rights or obligations under it have been transferred) or impose rights and obligations between them 
and a transferee. That power may be exercised only in so far as the Bank of England thinks it necessary to ensure the 
provision of services and facilities to enable the transferee to operate the business effectively. So far as reasonably 
practicable, the Bank of England is required to aim to preserve or include provision for reasonable consideration and 
any other provision that would be expected in arrangements concluded between parties dealing at arms' length. Its 
modification and cancellation powers do not apply to rights or liabilities which may be netted or set off under a set 
off arrangement, netting arrangement or title transfer financial collateral arrangement; where the effect would be that 
the liability is no longer secured; or which are or form part of a capital market arrangement. To the extent that the 
Repurchase Agreement fell within those exceptions, the modification and cancellation powers of the Bank of 
England would not apply.  
If the Bank of England exercises a stabilisation power in respect of the Bank, it could impose a temporary 
suspension or stay of termination rights in a contract to which the Bank is a party, including the rights of a 
counterparty to accelerate, close-out, set-off or net obligations. Termination rights may be exercised prior to the 
expiry of the suspension if the Bank of England confirms that the Bank's rights and obligations under the contract in 
question will not be transferred to a purchaser or bridge bank or be subject to bail-in. A similar temporary 
suspension or stay may also be imposed by the Bank of England on the Bank's obligations to make a payment or 
delivery under a contract. In each case, the suspensions can only last for a maximum of two business days and 
subject to certain limited exceptions, rights arising during the suspension can be exercised on the expiry of the 
suspension period. 
Whether or not the stabilisation options are implemented, the bank insolvency procedures or bank administration 
procedures under the Banking Act could apply in relation to the Bank's insolvency. The bank insolvency procedures 
apply the sections of the Insolvency Act 1986 relating to compulsory winding up and the bank administration 
procedures apply the sections of the Insolvency Act 1986 relating to administration, both with modifications.  
Since BCSL is authorised by the FCA with permission to carry on the regulated activity of arranging safeguarding 
and administration of assets, dealing in investments as agent and dealing in investments as principal, and it has

--- Page 54 ---
48 
advised the Issuer that it holds client assets or money, the special administration regime set out in The Investment 
Bank Special Administration Regulations 2011 could apply in relation to its insolvency. The special administration 
regime applies the sections of the Insolvency Act 1986 relating to administration, with certain modifications.  
However, the matters set out above (in the section headed "Insolvency of the LLP – UK Insolvency Act 1986") 
regarding the effect of the Insolvency Act 1986 on security interests granted by the LLP do not have application to 
the respective rights and liabilities of the Bank, BCSL and the LLP under the Repurchase Agreements because title 
transfer arrangements such as those constituted by the Repurchase Agreements do not constitute security for the 
purpose of the moratorium. 
In relation to both the Bank and BCSL, the decision to make an application for a bank insolvency order / the 
appointment of a special administrator respectively could be made with regard to a number of public interest factors 
not limited to solvency and potentially out of their respective control, including for example that it would be fair and 
expedient in the public interest to put it into bank insolvency/special administration. The directors and creditors of 
the Bank and BCSL may not otherwise appoint an administrator or liquidator unless the FCA has been given two 
weeks' notice of the proposed appointment or otherwise consents to it. At present, the Authorities have not made an 
instrument or order under the Banking Act in respect of the Bank but no assurance can be given that this will not 
change in the future. 
Separately, the enforcement process for a Repurchase Agreement documented on an MRA as against the Bank or 
BCSL as Seller, is not certain in an insolvency context. In the event of an insolvency under the applicable regime (as 
described above), the insolvency proceedings would be conducted in the courts of England and Wales. However, 
ancillary proceedings may be conducted in other jurisdictions, and not necessarily on a coordinated basis with the 
English proceedings. In particular, were the Bank to become insolvent, it is expected that proceedings with respect 
to the assets of the New York branch of the Bank would be initiated by the applicable authorities, including the New 
York State Superintendent of Financial Services. Because an MRA is documented under New York law, and the 
associated collateral would be US System Securities Collateral, the relevant authorities would likely take the view 
that all those assets are within the ambit of their authority in respect of the New York branch of the Bank, and seek 
to oversee the termination, acceleration and liquidation of the related Repurchase Agreements in accordance with 
New York law, as described herein. However, the courts of England may separately rule on the same matters. Were 
they to do so, they would apply English law to decide the matter. And while the preferred outcome would be for the 
courts of England to uphold the New York law security interest and MRA as falling within the ambit of the 
Financial Collateral Arrangements Regulations, there can be no assurance that they would do so. Beyond the normal 
uncertainties of litigation, the Financial Collateral Arrangements Regulations contain wording whose precise 
meaning and effect is not clear. Broadly, the applicable language in the regulations allows that a right of the 
collateral provider (here, the Seller) to effect a substitution or to withdraw excess financial collateral will not 
prejudice the financial collateral having been provided to the collateral taker (here, the applicable Custodian on 
behalf of the LLP) as required in order to qualify for the benefits of the Financial Collateral Arrangements 
Regulations. The rights retained by the Seller under an MRA and the associated US Security Agreement are, 
however, broader than merely rights to substitute and to withdraw excess collateral: for example, the related Seller 
has rights to income, voting rights, and associated other rights. It is not clear whether the provision summarised 
above is intended to be exclusive, such that the Seller having rights beyond substitution or a right to excess means 
that the benefits of the Financial Collateral Arrangements Regulations would not be available. There is no direct 
case law on the question. However, there were obiter dicta statements in a case relating to the Lehman Brothers 
insolvency that could give support to an argument that such extended rights should not mean that the Financial 
Collateral Arrangements Regulations do not apply. However, as there was no direct holding on this point (it not 
being the subject of that case), the comments of the judge are only persuasive and form a basis for argument, and are 
not a binding precedent. 
The Bank of England's power to impose a temporary suspension on payment and delivery obligations and 
termination rights applies to any relevant contract to which the Bank is a party, irrespective of the governing law of 
the contract. Therefore, the Bank of England's power to impose a temporary suspension could be applied to the 
Repurchase Agreement that is governed by New York law.

--- Page 55 ---
49 
In addition, PRA regulations require banking organisations such as the Bank and BCSL to include contractual 
language acknowledging the Bank of England's stay powers in certain financial arrangements governed by non-EEA 
law, including the Repurchase Agreements. 
Any suspension or stay of the LLP's ability to exercise its rights under a Repurchase Agreement could adversely 
affect the ability of Noteholders to exercise their rights under the Transaction Documents. 
Insolvency of BCI—Treatment of Repurchase Agreements 
In the event of financial distress or insolvency, BCI, a US broker-dealer that is a member of the Securities Investor 
Protection Corporation ("SIPC"), is eligible for resolution under the provisions of the Securities Investors 
Protection Act of 1970 ("SIPA"). In addition, because BCI is a Futures Commission Merchant, the liquidation of its 
commodity accounts would also be governed by Subchapter IV of Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code and Part 190 
of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR Part 190). In theory, the liquidation of BCI's securities accounts could also 
be addressed under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, but if a proceeding were commenced, SIPC would have the 
option of staying such proceeding by seeking a protective decree in the US district court. If such a protective decree 
were granted, the provisions of SIPA will control the liquidation. In the event of financial distress or insolvency of 
BCI, Title II, Orderly Liquidation Authority, of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
("Dodd-Frank") may also be triggered as the Bank is currently subject to Dodd Frank. 
SIPA Proceeding – 
Upon the commencement of a SIPA proceeding with respect to BCI, SIPA provides that a court shall, if the Seller 
consents or if the court finds the necessary statutory predicates exist, issue a protective decree which generally stays 
all proceedings in which BCI is a party as well as stays any acts of creditors to enforce their rights, including 
termination of contracts. 
A creditor or counterparty under a "securities contract" or "repurchase agreement", as defined in the United States 
Bankruptcy Code (the "Bankruptcy Code"), may have (i) the right to liquidate, terminate or accelerate the Master 
Repurchase Agreement and the Repurchase Transactions; and (ii) the rights to set off mutual debts and claims and to 
liquidate the Purchased Securities which are the subject of any Repurchase Transaction, in each case without being 
stayed by the protective decree, operation of the Bankruptcy Code or by any order of a court in any proceeding. 
While the Repurchase Transactions have been structured, and the LLP and BCI will state in the Transaction 
Documents that they intend that the related Repurchase Agreement will qualify, as a "securities contract" (as defined 
in the Bankruptcy Code), that characterisation could be subject to challenge. 
However, the protective decree sought by SIPC and entered by a court could order a stay of foreclosure on or 
disposition of securities collateral pledged by the Seller, which could be temporally open-ended, requiring the LLP 
to seek prior court approval for the exercise of its rights. The delay and expense of seeking such relief, and the 
ultimate availability of same, cannot be determined or quantified and could result in reductions in payments on the 
Notes and a potential loss on each holder's investment therein. 
The LLP's rights under the related Repurchase Agreement with BCI, and any claim arising thereunder (in excess of 
the value of previously posted collateral or Purchased Securities), would likely be categorised as general unsecured 
claims against the Seller's SIPA estate and would not be categorised as a claim of a customer. While the LLP may be 
entitled to a claim against the SIPC's insurance fund, its claim would be subordinate to all customer claims, which 
may well be of significant magnitude. 
Dodd-Frank Title II Proceeding – 
Dodd-Frank constitutes a sweeping reform of the regulation and supervision of financial institutions, impacting 
different aspects of the US financial services industry. Title II of Dodd-Frank provides that a financial company, 
which could include BCI or its affiliates, could be designated as a covered financial company subject to resolution 
under Title II of Dodd-Frank. After the FDIC's appointment as receiver for a covered broker-dealer, it is required to 
appoint SIPC to act as trustee for the broker-dealer's liquidation. SIPC would apply its normal liquidation processes,

--- Page 56 ---
50 
and have the same rights, powers, and duties for a liquidation under Title II as it does under SIPA. The rights and 
obligations of parties to a qualified financial contract (as defined in Section 210 of Dodd-Frank) are governed under 
Section 210 of Dodd-Frank and not by the SIPC processes. 
Section 210 of Dodd-Frank generally treats qualified financial contracts in a manner similar to the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act. Subject to restrictions on the exercise of judicial action and other legal proceedings, Dodd-Frank 
prohibits (i) any stay upon the exercise of any right to terminate, liquidate or accelerate arising on the date of 
appointment of the FDIC as receiver for the covered financial company, (ii) any stay upon the exercise of rights 
under related security agreements or (iii) the stay of any right to offset or net payment amounts. However, Dodd-
Frank does prohibit the exercise of the right to terminate, liquidate or accelerate until 5:00 p.m. eastern time on the 
close of business on the first business day following the date of appointment of the FDIC as receiver. A qualified 
financial contract can be transferred by the FDIC to a financial institution (including a bridge financial company) 
with notice to the counterparty at any time prior to the close of business on such first business day following 
appointment of the FDIC. In making any transfer of a qualified financial contract, the FDIC is required to transfer to 
a financial institution or bridge financial company either all or none of the qualified financial contracts between the 
counterparty and its affiliates and the covered financial company, together with the claims of the parties and 
property securing the contracts. The FDIC may also exercise its rights to repudiate either all or none of the qualified 
financial contracts between the counterparty and its affiliates and the covered financial company if, in its discretion, 
the FDIC determines the performance of those contracts would be burdensome and repudiation would promote the 
orderly administration of the estate. Upon repudiation of all of a counterparty's qualified financial contracts, the 
FDIC is liable for compensatory damages to the counterparty that would include normal and reasonable costs of 
cover or other reasonable measures of damages utilised in the industry for securities contracts and related claims. 
Dodd-Frank is an omnibus regulatory act enacted in 2010 with respect to which certain of the required supporting 
regulations and rules have not yet been adopted and implemented, and others that have been adopted and 
implemented have only recently become effective. Similarly, the foregoing paragraphs summarising the possible 
effects of Dodd-Frank should be reviewed in light of the current evolving regulatory regime, and the possibility that 
regulations may significantly vary the effect of Dodd-Frank, its scope, and/or its applicability to the transactions 
described in this Base Prospectus. Accordingly, the FDIC may construe Dodd-Frank's provisions and exercise its 
powers in a manner that would challenge the exercise of rights by a counterparty to a qualified financial contract. 
Those challenges might include actions such as a request for injunctive relief, the characterisation of the repurchase 
agreement as a "qualified financial contract" or be based on a claim that an affiliate like the LLP should be 
substantively consolidated with the BCI. Finally, the US Department of the Treasury issued a report in January 2018 
that recommended retaining Title II but also recommended various reforms to Title II to make it a more effective 
bankruptcy process for financial institutions. Changes to Title II or its implementing regulations could affect the 
transactions described in this Base Prospectus. 
Title II of Dodd-Frank has not been tested by the actual failure of a financial institution and accordingly the potential 
impact of a Title II proceeding on the noteholders cannot be determined with any certainty. Prospective purchasers 
of the Notes should discuss the risks associated with any commencement of a Dodd-Frank Title II proceeding with 
their own counsel. 
Regulators in the US may impose a temporary suspension of payments and have the power to suspend enforcement 
or termination rights to any contract, including repurchase agreements, for which a counterparty is being 
administered through SIPA, the Bankruptcy Code, and/or Dodd Frank, irrespective of whether the governing law of 
the contract is the law of New York, England or other jursidictions. 
Any such suspension or stay of the LLP's ability to exercise its rights under a Repurchase Agreement could 
adversely affect the ability of Noteholders to exercise their rights under the Transaction Documents. 
Acceleration Event 
Upon the occurrence of an LLP Event of Default or any other Acceleration Event with respect to any Class, 
the Applicable Enforcing Party will be required to give a written Acceleration Notice to the Issuer and the LLP to 
the effect that, as against the Issuer and the LLP under the LLP Undertaking, each applicable Class is, and each 
Class will thereupon immediately become, due and payable at its respective principal amount outstanding (including

--- Page 57 ---
51 
accreted discount) together with accrued interest, if any, through the date of repayment. In addition, the relevant 
Applicable Enforcing Party will otherwise be required to protect, preserve and enforce its rights in the Collateral in 
accordance with its standard of care set forth in the applicable Security Agreement. There can be no assurance that 
the Applicable Enforcing Party will be aware of the circumstances establishing the existence of an Acceleration 
Event, or recognise that an Acceleration Event has then occurred or that the Applicable Enforcing Party will deliver 
an accurate Acceleration Notice in the form and manner required by the Transaction Documents. Even if the 
Applicable Enforcing Party complies with the applicable standard of care with respect to the Collateral and 
enforcement of its rights under the Security Agreement, there is no guarantee or assurance that such efforts will 
realise sufficient funds to pay in full amounts due and owing to the holders of the related Notes. Furthermore, in the 
absence of an Acceleration Event with respect to a given Class, the Applicable Enforcing Party will have no right to 
sell the Class Collateral related to such Class except in limited circumstances described herein, arising as a result of 
a Repurchase Event of Default affecting one or more Sellers. Following an Acceleration Event, the Notes will be 
subject to repayment, as applicable, in accordance with the priority of payments described in "Summary of the 
Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement (English law) —Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments" and 
"Summary of the Transaction Documents—The Security Agreement (New York law) —US System Post-Acceleration 
Priority of Payments" below, and such repayment may occur prior to the related maturity date for such Class. No 
compensation will be owed or payable to Noteholders for any interest or discount that would have accrued or 
accreted after the date of acceleration, and Noteholders will have no claim for any such amount. If, following an 
Acceleration Event, a Note is accelerated on a date prior to its maturity date, the Payment Amount will not include 
interest accruing (or discount accreting) for any period after the applicable Acceleration Date. 
Maintenance of Margin 
If at any time, the aggregate Margin Value of a given Repurchase Transaction is less than the Purchase Price plus 
the then accrued and unpaid Price Differential for such Repurchase Transaction, the relevant Seller will be obligated 
to cure the resulting Margin Deficit by delivering cash or Margin Securities in the form of Eligible Securities to the 
applicable Custodian on behalf of the LLP. Although such Seller is obligated to cure any such Margin Deficit, there 
is a risk that such Seller will fail to do so. Although such a failure would constitute a Repurchase Event of Default 
and may become an Acceleration Event (unless for any Seller in respect of which an Issuer Collateral Posting 
Election could be exercised, the Issuer makes an Issuer Collateral Posting Election and fulfills its obligations in 
connection therewith) and the Applicable Enforcing Party on behalf of the LLP could then exercise the LLP's rights 
under the applicable Repurchase Agreement, including requiring the applicable Seller to immediately repurchase the 
Purchased Securities of the affected Repurchase Transaction at the Purchase Price plus the Price Differential, there 
is no guarantee that the Applicable Enforcing Party will immediately exercise such rights, and no guarantee that the 
applicable Seller would effect such a repurchase. If an Issuer Collateral Posting Election is made, there can be no 
assurance that the Issuer would continue to fulfill its obligations under the Credit Support Deed, which would have 
the effect of delaying the occurrence of an Acceleration Event beyond the time when the initial default by the 
applicable Seller occurred. If, following such an Acceleration Event, the Applicable Enforcing Party sells the 
Purchased Securities subject to such Repurchase Transaction, there is no guarantee that the proceeds of the sale of 
the Purchased Securities in the Collateral Account of the affected Class will be in an amount sufficient to repay all 
amounts due to the holders of the affected Notes, nor is there any guarantee that the Issuer will meet its obligation to 
make up for any such shortfall. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Class Collateral or any part thereof or the ability of the 
LLP to make payments under the LLP Undertaking 
Upon the sale of any Class Collateral by the relevant Applicable Enforcing Party, whether as a result of an 
Acceleration Event for the related Class or otherwise, there is a possibility that the Applicable Enforcing Party will 
be unable, temporarily or otherwise, to gain possession of the securities because, among other things, the Collateral 
Administrator, one or more Custodians, the Securities Intermediary or some other intervening party denies access to 
the applicable Collateral Account. Such a denial may arise where the applicable party disagrees that access is 
permitted, or wishes to seek directions, legal advice, or an order of a court, or for another reason. Such event may 
result in the failure of, or delays in, the sale by the Applicable Enforcing Party of the related Class Collateral and 
reductions in amounts available to make payment on the affected Class or Classes or Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
52 
There can be no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Class Collateral at the times such securities are 
offered for sale by an Applicable Enforcing Party, and there can be no assurance as to the price which may be able 
to be obtained. Any of these factors could apply or arise inconsistently across the portfolio of securities being sold, 
in particular because the Class Collateral will consist of various types of securities, including equity securities. 
All sales of Class Collateral must be effected in accordance with applicable laws, including applicable securities 
laws, and sales by an Applicable Enforcing Party are not exempt from such securities laws purely as a result of such 
sales being a liquidation of collateral security. There are various regimes of securities laws which may apply to sales 
and distributions of the Class Collateral following an Acceleration Event for a Class, and the Applicable Enforcing 
Party will be permitted to retain counsel to advise it with respect to compliance with laws in the discharge of its 
duties. There may be delays while such counsel are retained, instructed, research applicable laws and advise the 
Applicable Enforcing Party, and the costs of such counsel will be deducted from the proceeds of sale. In addition, 
the need to comply with (or qualify for an exemption from) such securities laws in the sale of such securities may 
result in a sale conducted in a manner that realises a lower amount of net proceeds than might otherwise have been 
generated had the sale been conducted in another manner. 
In addition to the various regimes of securities laws, the sale or disposition of Class Collateral consisting of 
Restricted Securities Collateral will be further limited by the applicable Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol, 
which may limit the number of, or eliminate entirely any, potential buyers for such Class Collateral. See also, "In the 
Case of an Acceleration Event for the Class, Noteholders May Not Be Able to Foreclose on the Securities Collateral 
consisting of Visa B Common Stock until After the Escrow Termination Date; the Escrow Termination Date is An 
Uncertain Date in the Future, and the Value of such Collateral Following the Escrow Termination Date May be 
Zero. Any Liquidation of Collateral Prior to the Escrow Termination Date May Be at a Significant Discount" and 
"Summary of the Transaction Documents — The Security Agreement (New York law) — Restricted Securities 
Collateral."
Value of the Class Collateral 
The payment undertaking granted by the LLP in respect of the Class of Notes, is, inter alia, secured by the LLP's 
interest in the related collateral owned by the LLP and held for the benefit of a particular Class (the "Class 
Collateral"). Since the economic value of the Class Collateral for a Class may increase or decrease, the value of the 
LLP's assets may decrease (for example if there is a general decline in the securities markets). If the securities 
markets experience an overall decline in prices, the value of the Class Collateral for a Class could be significantly 
reduced and there is no assurance that the applicable Seller will post cash or additional securities to cure any 
resulting Margin Deficit. In addition, there is the risk that the applicable Custodian will fail to recognise a decline in 
market values or to properly calculate a Margin Deficit in a timely manner or to notify the LLP so that it may 
require the applicable Seller to cure such Margin Deficit. Any calculation of the Margin Value of the Class 
Collateral by such Custodian generally will be derived from screen pricing or market quotations, and there can be no 
assurance that such sources represent the current market value of the related securities, or that they will do so at the 
time when the quotation is sought. There can be no assurance that the Custodians will make the same determination 
of value for a given security. After the occurrence of an Acceleration Event for a Class, any decline in the Margin 
Value of the related Purchased Securities may not be cured, and investors in such Class of Notes would, in such 
circumstances, be exposed to such price declines in the period between the Acceleration Date and the date the 
related Class Collateral is liquidated by the Applicable Enforcing Party or any other party.  
In the case of certain Class Collateral, the fair market value for the related securities will be provided by the Seller. 
For Classes where this is the case, a notation to that effect will appear on the Final Terms or the collateral eligibility 
schedule appended to the Final Terms. Therefore, the Custodian will be dependent upon the Seller to assign such 
fair market values to the Eligible Assets that are the subject of these Classes, that are difficult to value without 
access to any independent, proprietary pricing models and methods. The Custodian and the LLP will not have 
independent access to any such models or methods for valuation. As described under "—Risks Relating to the LLP 
and the Class Collateral—Reliance of the LLP on third parties" in the Base Prospectus, reliance upon third parties to 
determine the fair market value of an item of Class Collateral entails risk. Moreover, external professional input and 
manual operations generally play a larger role in valuing the Eligible Assets that are the subject of these Classes than 
Class Collateral consisting solely of securities for which there is a screen-based market price available. Furthermore, 
in the ordinary course of its business the Seller typically re-values such assets periodically rather than every business 
day, and accordingly there may be a delay in re-valuation of the securities that constitute such Class Collateral. No

--- Page 59 ---
53 
different approach will be taken with respect to the Eligible Assets that are the subject of these Classes, and 
accordingly the values assigned by the Seller, although given daily to the Custodian, will be the same until the 
applicable assets are re-valued by the Seller in the ordinary course of its business. Therefore, such valuations may 
not reflect any downward movement in such assets' values between such scheduled re-valuations. Because of such 
difficulties in valuing the Eligible Assets that are the subject of these Classes in the absence of external professional 
input, there is a risk that the Collateral Agent will be unable to properly price such Eligible Assets for sale, if 
applicable, or that the Custodian will rely on potentially inaccurate or out-of-date valuations in calculating margin 
amounts. There are further risks associated with these Classes, in that as well as being the Issuer, the Bank will be 
the sole Seller authorised to enter into Repurchase Transactions with this type of arrangement, and will determine 
the market value of the Eligible Assets the subject of these Classes. Each such valuation will be made by the Bank 
using the same valuation methodology that it uses when it is the buyer under repurchase agreement facilities for 
comparable assets from third parties, and the same valuation methodology that it uses in connection with the reverse 
repurchase transactions pursuant to which it acquired the applicable securities. However, because the Bank is both 
the Issuer and the Seller, and it establishes the valuation of the Eligible Assets that are the subject of these Classes, 
which in turn determines if the related Notes are fully collateralised, a conflict of interest exists.Limited description 
of the related Class Collateral 
The Class Collateral will be comprised of a variety of Eligible Securities. The applicable Custodian will allocate the 
Class Collateral into the applicable Collateral Account for the related Class in accordance with the related Final 
Terms for such Class of Eligible Securities and the terms of the related Custodial Agreement. In addition, subject to 
the restrictions in the applicable Repurchase Agreement and the applicable Custodial Agreement, Class Collateral 
may be substituted by the related Seller for other Eligible Securities on any Business Day. The Collateral 
Administrator, based on information received from the applicable Custodian, will be obliged to make a daily 
summary report available to the applicable Noteholders regarding the Class Collateral for each Class. Because the 
eligibility of securities is based on criteria, and because of the ability of the applicable Seller to effect substitutions 
in accordance with the Transaction Documents, neither the Issuer nor the LLP can control the exact composition of 
the Class Collateral for a particular Class at any point. There can be no assurance that the Class Collateral for a 
particular Class will, upon an Acceleration Event for such Class, be composed of securities that are attractive to 
prospective purchasers, or otherwise susceptible of prompt liquidation. In addition, there is the risk that one or more 
Custodians will incorrectly allocate the Class Collateral in accordance with the Schedule of Eligible Securities, or 
that the reporting done by the Collateral Administrator will misstate the content of the Collateral Accounts for such 
Class, resulting in delays in fulfillment by the LLP of its obligations under the LLP Undertaking following such 
Acceleration Event.
Securities Collateral consisting of Visa B Common Stock is subject to transfer restrictions and possible 
dilutive adjustments that may adversely affect its marketability and value and result in losses to holders of 
the Notes. 
In the case of a Class for which the Securities Collateral includes Visa B Common Stock, the Visa B Common Stock 
is subject to transfer restrictions and possible dilutive adjustments in its conversion ratio to Class A Common Stock, 
par value $0.0001 per share, of Visa Inc. ("Visa A Common Stock"). Pursuant to the Visa Charter (as defined 
herein), ownership of Visa B Common Stock prior to the Escrow Termination Date (as defined herein) is limited to 
certain financial institutions that are members or affiliates of such members (in either case, "Visa Members") of 
Visa U.S.A. Inc., an operating subsidiary of Visa International. The Issuer, the LLP and The Bank of New York 
Mellon, as Collateral Agent and Custodian, are Visa Members. The Securities Collateral consisting of Visa B 
Common Stock is subject to transfer restrictions specified in the Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation of Visa Inc. as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on January 28, 2015 (the "Visa 
Charter"). See "In the Case of an Acceleration Event for the Class, Noteholders May Not Be Able to Foreclose on 
the Securities Collateral consisting of Visa B Common Stock until After the Escrow Termination Date; the Escrow 
Termination Date is An Uncertain Date in the Future, and the Value of such Collateral Following the Escrow 
Termination Date May be Zero. Any Liquidation of Collateral Prior to the Escrow Termination Date May Be at a 
Significant Discount."  
Pursuant to Visa Inc.'s retrospective responsibility plan (the "Plan"), Visa B Common Stock will generally not be 
transferable to persons that are not Visa Members until the date on which certain litigation of Visa Inc. and its 
subsidiaries ("Covered Litigation") has been finally resolved (the "Escrow Termination Date"). After the

--- Page 60 ---
54 
termination of the transfer restrictions on the Visa B Common Stock, if Visa B Common Stock is transferred to a 
person that is not a Visa Member, such Visa B Common Stock will be automatically convertible into shares of Visa 
A Common Stock at the applicable conversion rate (the "Class B Shares Conversion Rate") in effect as of the time 
of such transfer. Visa A Common Stock is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange. 
Prior to the Escrow Termination Date, the Class B Shares Conversion Rate will be subject to dilutive adjustments to 
the extent of any future issuances of Visa A Common Stock that are authorized by the litigation committee of the 
Visa Inc. board of directors (the "Litigation Committee") in order to increase funding for the litigation escrow 
account (the "Visa Escrow Account") that has been established by Visa Inc. to make payments relating to 
obligations of Visa Inc. in connection with settlements of, or judgments in, the Covered Litigation. As a result, if the 
size of the Visa Escrow Account is increased, the Class B Shares Conversion Rate and, therefore, the value of the 
Securities Collateral represented by then posted Visa B Common Stock will decrease. Further, in the event that a 
significant increase is made to the size of the Visa Escrow Account, the Class B Shares Conversion Rate may 
decrease to zero, which would result in the Securities Collateral represented by Visa B Common Stock losing its 
entire value. Any loss in value of Securities Collateral consisting of Visa B Common Stock may result in a Margin 
Deficit that would require the relevant Seller to make a Margin Transfer of Margin Securities in order to eliminate 
the Margin Deficit. No assurance can be provided that the Seller would have sufficient resources or the ability to 
eliminate the Margin Deficit. If Barclays Bank PLC, as Issuer of the Notes, becomes subject to a bankruptcy or 
similar insolvency proceeding and the value of the Securities Collateral is insufficient to satisfy the payment 
obligations under the LLP pursuant to LLP Undertaking, Noteholders will have only an unsecured claim against the 
remaining assets of Issuer to the extent of such insufficiency.  
In the Case of an Acceleration Event for the Class, Noteholders May Not Be Able to Foreclose on the 
Securities Collateral consisting of Visa B Common Stock until after the Escrow Termination Date; the 
Escrow Termination Date is An Uncertain Date in the Future, and the Value of such Collateral Following the 
Escrow Termination Date May be Zero. Any Liquidation of Collateral Prior to the Escrow Termination Date 
May Be at a Significant Discount. 
Because the Securities Collateral consisting of Visa B Common Stock will not be freely transferable until after the 
Escrow Termination Date, if an Acceleration Event occurs for the related Class, the Collateral Agent may not be 
able to foreclose on that Securities Collateral until after the Escrow Termination Date. In that case, Noteholders may 
not be able realise the value of the Securities Collateral comprised of Visa B Common Stock, if any, until after the 
Escrow Termination Date, which will occur only once the Covered Litigation has been finally resolved. 
Alternatively, pursuant to the Visa Charter, the Collateral Agent may sell the Visa B Common Stock held as 
collateral prior to the Escrow Termination Date to other eligible purchasers in the secondary market. If Visa B 
Common Stock is sold prior to the Escrow Termination Date, the price of such shares may incorporate a significant 
discount to reflect, among other things, the lack of liquidity of the Visa B Common Stock or the risk of future 
decreases to the Class B Shares Conversion Rate. There is no established market for Visa B Common Stock. The 
Collateral Agent may be unable to find any eligible purchasers that are willing to purchase the Visa B Common 
Stock. Even if the Collateral Agent is able to identify an eligible purchaser, it may take time to locate a willing 
purchaser and any such sale may be on terms that are not equal to the converted equivalent market value of Visa A 
Common Stock represented by such Visa B Common Stock at the time of sale.  
In either case, the value of your Securities Collateral consisting of Visa B Common Stock may decrease 
significantly between the time that the Acceleration Event has occurred for the related Class and the time that the 
Collateral Agent is able to sell or foreclose on that Securities Collateral. The value of your Securities Collateral may 
be zero. This decrease in the value of the Securities Collateral consisting of Visa B Common Stock from the time 
that the Acceleration Event has occurred for the related Class to the date of sale to other Visa Members or the 
Escrow Termination Date may result from, among other things, a dilution in the value of the Visa B Common Stock 
due to a dilutive adjustment of the Class B Shares Conversion Rate or a decrease in the value of Visa A Common 
Stock during this time period. In addition, if Visa Inc. becomes subject to a bankruptcy or similar insolvency 
proceeding following an Acceleration Event for the related Class, the value of the Visa B Common Stock may 
become worthless even if Visa Inc. was solvent at the time of the Acceleration Event for the related Class.

--- Page 61 ---
55 
Noteholders should conduct their own independent investigation of Visa Inc., including information 
regarding the Visa B Common Stock and Visa A Common Stock and the status of any Covered Litigation. 
The Issuer is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of the disclosure of any information by Visa 
Inc. 
Any information that Issuer provides regarding Visa Inc., including the Visa A Common Stock and Visa B Common 
Stock and the Covered Litigation, is derived from publicly available information filed by Visa Inc. with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). The Issuer has not independently verified the accuracy or 
completeness of any such information and cannot give any assurance that all events that would affect the accuracy 
or completeness of any information published by Visa Inc. have been properly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of 
any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events by Visa Inc. could adversely affect 
the market value of the Visa B Common Stock, the Class B Shares Conversion Rate, and the value of the Notes. 
Neither the Issuer, nor its affiliates or agents have participated in the preparation of any of the materials published 
by Visa Inc. Even though the Bank is a Visa Member, it is not affiliated with Visa Inc. and has no ability to control 
or predict its actions (including, but not limited to, when a change to the Class B Shares Conversion Rate will occur, 
or to what extent such conversion rate will be modified) or the public disclosure of any events or circumstance 
affecting them, and the Issuer has no responsibility to monitor, verify, or disseminate current or future public 
disclosure of information by Visa Inc. In the course of its dealings with Visa Inc., the Issuer or its affiliates may 
acquire non-public information about Visa Inc. If the Issuer or its affiliates do acquire non-public information about 
Visa Inc., it is not obligated to disclose such non-public information to Noteholders. Noteholders are urged to do 
their own investigation of Visa Inc. and consult with their own advisors prior to investing in the Notes. 
Net Settlement of Repurchase Transactions 
The Custodians may utilise netting procedures in carrying out their duties under the Custodial Agreements. 
In particular, where there are Repurchase Transactions between a Seller and the LLP that are both commencing and 
maturing on the same day in the same currency, the cash portion of the settlement (i.e. the Purchase Price of 
commencing transactions and the Repurchase Price of maturing transactions) may be netted, and the securities 
transferred to the Seller in the settlement process being only those that exceed the Margin Value of securities needed 
for the commencing transactions or securities from Seller. When such netting occurs, the Seller and the LLP will not 
be required to have the entire Repurchase Prices or Purchase Prices, as applicable, available in cash in the Seller's 
Account or the Buyer's Account, as applicable, or to have the gross amount of securities available in their respective 
accounts. This netting process simplifies the close out and settlement of certain Repurchase Transactions, and 
satisfies the Seller's and the LLP's respective obligations under the Repurchase Agreement with respect to the 
applicable Repurchase Transactions. The Secured Parties for each Class in respect of which a Repurchase 
Transaction is subject to such netting will be reliant on the correct allocation by the related Custodian of the 
applicable securities against the net cash payment, and (if additional Notes are being issued on such day), the correct 
application of funds in connection with settlement of the related Notes, instead of having direct recourse to a gross 
cash amount paid by the Seller and transferred to the LLP or for its benefit under the Custodial Agreement. 
Clearing and settlement risk in connection with daily Class Collateral reallocations with respect to Certain 
Custodians 
Each Repurchase Agreement permits the applicable Seller to effect substitutions of Class Collateral on any Business 
Day, subject to the limitations described herein. In connection with these substitutions, and any other reallocations 
associated with margin maintenance or operational needs, each Custodial Agreement and each Repurchase 
Agreement provides that Class Collateral may only be withdrawn from the related Collateral Account against 
delivery of replacement Eligible Securities. However, in order to effect clearance operations in accordance with 
current customary market practices and procedures, particularly under the United States triparty custodial system, 
the applicable Custodian may withdraw Class Collateral prior to the point when replacement Eligible Securities are 
available to be credited to the associated Collateral Account or Collateral Accounts, notwithstanding the terms of the 
Transaction Documents. In such cases, the applicable Custodian is expected to advance funds in cash into the related 
Collateral Account. At that point, the Noteholders of each related Class will be secured by cash collateral, rather 
than securities. If for any reason the anticipated Eligible Securities are not delivered to the applicable Custodian for 
credit to the associated Collateral Account, such Custodian will either reverse the transaction (re-crediting the

--- Page 62 ---
56 
original Class Collateral to the applicable Collateral Account, and withdrawing its cash advance) or, if reversal is not 
possible, then the cash will remain on deposit in the applicable Collateral Account until Eligible Securities do 
become available. The amount of cash deposited by such Custodian is expected to be equivalent to the market value 
of the securities withdrawn from the account, subject to any differences in haircuts applicable to cash as opposed to 
the securities. The effect of this is that it is possible for the Payment Amount to exceed the amount of cash posted 
with respect to a given Class, if the cash remains on deposit for some period of time before an Acceleration Event 
occurs. 
The clearing and settlement of Restricted Securities Collateral is expected to be held outside of the United States 
triparty custodial system and will therefore be subject to the market practices and procedures of the relevant transfer 
agent and custodian.  
Reliance of the LLP on third parties 
The LLP has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform services for the 
LLP. Barclays Bank PLC, as the Administrator and as the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon, as the Collateral 
Administrator, each Applicable Enforcing Party and a Custodian, and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as a Custodian, 
will each perform critical services for the LLP as described herein. Amongst other services, the LLP relies on third 
parties to mark and margin the Class Collateral on a daily basis, ensure that the Repurchase Transactions 
substantially match the economic terms of the GCMTN Notes, close out and enter into new Repurchase 
Transactions to effect the payment of accrued and unpaid Price Differential on each Interest Payment Date for the 
related Class of Notes, accurately effect all collateral allocations and all cash and securities movements, and to 
timely and accurately maintain all books and records associated with their respective roles. The LLP will also rely 
on the Issuer to issue instructions to withdraw proceeds from the Series Segregated Account and to deposit such 
proceeds in the Series Operating Account in sufficient time for such proceeds to be used to complete Repurchase 
Transactions. In the event that any of those parties fails to perform its obligations under the relevant agreement to 
which it is a party, the realisable value of any Collateral, and/or the ability of the LLP to make payments or 
deliveries in connection with its obligations under the LLP Undertaking, may be affected. 
Business Relationships 
Each of the Bank, the Applicable Enforcing Party, the Collateral Administrator or any of their Affiliates may have 
existing or future business relationships with any obligor in respect of any Class Collateral of any Class of Notes 
(including, but not limited to, lending, depository, risk management, advisory and banking relationships), and will 
pursue actions and take steps that it deems necessary or appropriate to protect its interests arising therefrom without 
regard to the consequences for a Noteholder. Furthermore, the Bank, the Applicable Enforcing Party, the Collateral 
Administrator or any of their respective Affiliates may buy, sell or hold positions in obligations of, or act as 
investment or commercial bankers, advisers or fiduciaries to, or hold directorship and officer positions in, any 
Obligor in respect of the Class Collateral. 
Pensions Act 2004 
Under the Pensions Act 2004 (United Kingdom) a person that is connected with or an "associate" of an employer 
under a defined benefits occupational pension scheme can in certain circumstances be subject to a notice or direction 
served by the Pensions Regulator requiring it to make contributions or provide other financial support to the scheme. 
The circumstances include a situation where an employer under a scheme is "insufficiently resourced", which it 
could be if the value of its resources is less than 50% of the employer's share of the pension scheme's estimated 
deficit calculated on a statutory, annuity buyout, basis. As the LLP is a member of the Group, it may be treated as 
connected with or an associate of an employer under such a scheme within the Group. In deciding whether to serve a 
notice or direction and if so for what amount, the Pensions Regulator would have to take into account the financial 
circumstances of the LLP. The LLP's liability under the notice or direction would rank as an unsecured claim, but 
claims of this sort made after commencement of an administration will be regarded as a proveable debt in the 
administration.

--- Page 63 ---
57 
Withholding Tax; No Gross-Up by LLP with respect to Payments under the LLP Undertakings 
In the event that any withholding tax is imposed on payments under the LLP Undertakings or payments under a 
Repurchase Agreement, the LLP will not "gross-up" payments to the holders of the relevant Notes. The Noteholders 
will bear such tax or withholding through a reduction of the amounts available for payment under the LLP 
Undertakings and the related Notes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. In addition, the LLP 
will not be obliged at any time to make any payments in respect of additional amounts which may become payable 
by the Bank under Condition 9 (Taxation). 
ADDITIONAL RISK FACTORS RELATING TO MORTGAGE ASSETS
The following information, which you should carefully consider, identifies certain material sources of risk 
associated with an investment in the Notes to the extent the Class Collateral in respect thereof includes or comprises 
Mortgage Assets. The following risks are in addition to other risks associated with an investment in the Notes, 
which are described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should fully review the risk factors contained herein and 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, and consult with their legal, tax, accounting and financial advisors prior to 
making an investment decision. 
For the purposes of these Additional Risk Factors Relating to Mortgage Assets, the term "Mortgage Repo Notes" 
means Notes for which Mortgage Assets constitute part or all of the related Class Collateral. Correspondingly, 
"Mortgage Repo Noteholders" means Holders of Mortgage Repo Notes. 
The Mortgage Repo Classes are not mortgage securitisation transactions because the primary source of repayment is 
not collections on, or sales of, the Mortgage Assets. Rather, Mortgage Repo Classes represent unsecured, 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, which also benefit from the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo) that is, in 
turn, secured by repurchase transactions involving Mortgage Assets. As such, the principal source of payment of the 
Mortgage Repo Classes will be the Bank in its capacity as Issuer or, in the case of the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage 
Repo), by the Bank in its capacity as Seller making Repurchase Price payments under the Mortgage Asset 
Repurchase Agreement. Only if the Bank in its Issuer and Seller capacities fails to perform, and the Underlying 
Seller does not comply with its repurchase obligations, would the Mortgage Assets become relevant as a source of 
repayment of the Mortgage Repo Notes. Therefore, the following risk factors should be read with the understanding 
that it is not anticipated that the LLP would need to rely upon a sale of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral in order 
to pay on the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo).  
Although the Bank conducts due diligence with respect to mortgage loan originators or sellers from which it 
purchases Mortgage Assets under repurchase agreements, the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral will not be subject to 
review by any third-party reviewer at the time of purchase as is typical in securitisation transactions. The absence of 
a third-party review means that mortgage loan documentation deficiencies that might otherwise have been identified 
by a reviewer will become apparent to the LLP only if it is notified of such issues, or if the same are identified in the 
ordinary course of the Bank's business processes and procedures. 
The risk factors below do not capitalise the term "mortgage assets" because they are intended to reference mortgage 
assets of the type(s) that comprise the Mortgage Assets, and do not purport to be a description of, or risk factors 
associated solely with, the specific Mortgage Assets that may be part of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. For 
mortgage assets that are not whole mortgage loans, such as participation interests in commercial mortgage loans, the 
value of the mortgage asset depends heavily upon the performance of the underlying whole mortgage loan or 
mortgage loans. Accordingly, while some of the risk factors herein are specific only to whole mortgage loans or 
reference whole mortgage loans, because such whole mortgage loans may underlie or otherwise relate to a mortgage 
asset that itself forms part of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, all of such risks may be relevant to mortgage 
assets generally. 
Risks Related to Illiquidity of Mortgage Assets Relative to Securities 
Unlike securities, mortgage loans are not fungible. Mortgage loans are not fungible because they relate to specific 
mortgaged properties and (for residential mortgages and some commercial mortgage loans) individual mortgagors.

--- Page 64 ---
58 
In addition, payments on commercial mortgage loans (and therefore their value) typically depend upon the receipt of 
lease or rental income, which in turn generally is generated from the business conducted upon the related premises. 
The particular use of the premises, the business conducted there, the existence or absence of rent reserves, 
guarantees or other payment sources, and the exposure of the commercial mortgagor to broader economic forces, 
make each commercial mortgage loan unique. Accordingly, the LLP's interest in, and rights to, the Mortgage Repo 
Class Collateral are subject to restrictions described herein that are not applicable to fungible securities.  
From time to time, counterparties of the Bank under repurchase transactions where the Bank is the purchaser 
thereunder are entitled to a return of such counterparty's collateral. If such collateral is comprised of marketable 
securities, replacement securities are generally readily available from other market sources and the Bank need only 
return securities of the same issuance (and not necessarily the specific securities originally sold to it under the 
repurchase agreement). If such collateral is comprised of mortgage assets, however, the Bank must return the 
specific mortgage assets that it holds because there will not be identical replacement mortgage assets available from 
any source. Therefore, prospective investors in Mortgage Repo Notes should recognise that the LLP cannot dispose 
of Mortgage Repo Class Collateral in the same manner as it can with Class Collateral comprised of securities. This 
inherent illiquidity in mortgage assets as a form of collateral creates risks of delays and greater expenses if the 
Collateral Agent is required to realise upon the Purchased Assets directly, as described herein. See "—Risks Relating 
to Enforcement of Security and Exercise of Remedies" below. 
Risks Related to the Selection and Composition of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral 
The LLP Will Not Select or Monitor the Mortgage Assets 
The Seller selects the mortgage assets for which it is willing to provide warehouse financing, and also selects the 
particular Mortgage Assets that it uses in Mortgage Repurchase Transactions with the LLP. Although the LLP does 
not have the right to accept or reject any particular proposed Mortgage Asset, the LLP and the Seller have agreed to 
particular categories of Mortgage Assets that qualify as Eligible Assets for that particular Class and the Seller 
represents to the LLP that all Mortgage Assets subject to a Mortgage Repurchase Transaction constitute Eligible 
Assets for such Mortgage Repurchase Transaction. The sole right of the LLP in this regard is that the proposed asset 
fit the definition of being an Eligible Asset. As described below, the LLP will not independently verify whether a 
mortgage asset is an Eligible Asset; rather, the LLP will be dependent upon other parties, including the Seller, in 
order to monitor whether a mortgage asset is and remains an Eligible Asset. The LLP has not established criteria for 
the qualification of originators or servicers of residential or commercial mortgage loans separate from those of the 
Seller, and does not influence or control changes in the Seller's criteria therefor. The LLP will not track geographic 
concentrations for residential or commercial mortgage assets, creditworthiness or otherwise of mortgagors, loan-to-
value ratios or computations, rent rolls and debt service coverage or ability-to-repay metrics, tenant concentrations, 
industries or other metrics relating to tenant types or affiliations in commercial mortgage assets, and there are no 
criteria for eligibility that depend upon diversity in the mix of asset types relative to each other over time. A 
Mortgage Repurchase Transactions may be supported by a single commercial mortgage asset, making more acute 
the applicable risks described herein relating to commercial mortgage assets. As a result of the foregoing, the LLP is 
exposed to risks associated with asset credit quality, asset diversity, asset price sensitivity and a lack of direct 
control over the assets, all of which are in addition to and may amplify the other risks described herein. 
Risks Related to Qualification of Mortgage Assets as Eligible Assets 
Holders of Mortgage Repo Notes will select by category the types of mortgage assets that will be Eligible Assets for 
the related Mortgage Repo Class, which categories will be listed in the Final Terms for such class. The categories of 
mortgage assets contained in the Final Terms reference, but do not purport to detail or describe, the standards and 
criteria adopted by the Bank as to various types of residential and commercial mortgage assets that it is willing to 
acquire under a repurchase agreement. From time to time, the Bank, acting as buyer of mortgage assets, enters into 
repurchase transactions with various counterparties, including the Underlying Sellers. Under such repurchase 
transactions, including the Underlying Seller Documents, the Bank establishes eligibility criteria for which mortgage 
assets are eligible to be funded and haircuts, concentration limits and other terms applicable thereto. The categories 
listed in the Final Terms correspond with the Bank's then-applicable guidelines for making such determinations, 
provided that from time to time the Bank may change or update its criteria and related representations for repurchase 
transactions. With respect to the mortgage assets comprising Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, the fact that the Bank

--- Page 65 ---
59 
has acquired such mortgage asset (and assigned it to the corresponding category referenced in the Final Terms) will 
be relied upon by the LLP as to  such mortgage asset's conformity to the Bank's standards and criteria, and thus 
whether such mortgage asset meets the applicable requirements for being an Eligible Asset of the particular type.  
The LLP will not have any control over the standards and criteria established by the Bank from time to time, or over 
the delineation of what constitutes compliance with such standards and criteria. Rather, the LLP will be dependent 
upon the Bank to have reviewed each mortgage asset against its standards and criteria in connection with its 
acquisition of such mortgage asset under the Underlying Transaction. There is a risk that any particular mortgage 
asset does not meet the requirements for eligibility. Any mortgage asset that does not meet such criteria would not 
be an Eligible Asset and, unless it meets the criteria for another selected category of Eligible Asset for the Mortgage 
Repo Class in question, it would need to be repurchased by the Bank from the LLP under the Mortgage Asset 
Repurchase Agreement. Similarly, the LLP does not have any control over the applicable underwriting standards 
applied in the origination of the mortgage assets that form Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, or over compliance with 
such underwriting standards. Some or all of such mortgage assets may have been originated using underwriting 
standards that are less stringent than the underwriting standards applied by other first lien mortgage purchase 
programs, such as those of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with respect to residential mortgage loans. The failure of 
any mortgage asset forming part of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral to meet the standards and criteria for 
inclusion as an Eligible Asset, or to meet the applicable underwriting standards, may result in diminished values for 
such mortgage asset as collateral, and realisation of proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment 
Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). 
As the buyer under the related repurchase agreements by which it acquires the mortgage assets, the Bank relies on 
the Underlying Seller to represent that the related mortgage assets constitute eligible assets (for purposes of the 
Underlying Transaction) and are correctly categorised under the related eligibility criteria. The Underlying Seller 
will make representations under the Underlying Seller Agreement that each mortgage asset meets the requirements 
of each categorisation. Once so categorised by the Underlying Seller, the Bank will rely on the Underlying Seller's 
categorisation and will make no independent investigation as to the accuracy of the categorisation of any such 
mortgage asset. When entering into repurchase transactions under the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement, the 
Seller will rely on such categorisations for purposes of monitoring compliance with eligibility for any repurchase 
transaction. The categorisations assigned by the Seller will be provided to the Mortgage Custodian, together with 
additional information from the Seller's own books and records that bears upon eligibility, and the Mortgage 
Custodian will be wholly reliant upon the accuracy of that information and those categorisations, for allocation and 
monitoring purposes. 
Risks Arising in Connection with the Collateral Agent's Ability to Enforce Loan Level Representations and 
Warranties 
The Seller will not make any loan level representations or warranties to the LLP relating to the Mortgage Repo Class 
Collateral, and the Underlying Sellers will not enter into any assignment and assumption agreements with the LLP 
or Collateral Agent relating to representations and warranties. The benefit of the representations and warranties 
made by the Underlying Seller with respect to the mortgage assets forming part of the Mortgage Repo Class 
Collateral are assigned to the LLP under the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement as part of the Purchased Assets. 
Neither the LLP nor the Collateral Agent will have direct rights to take action against the related Underlying Sellers 
for breaches of loan level representations and warranties until the Collateral Agent, by the exercise of remedies, 
forecloses on the Seller's rights under the Underlying Seller Documents. Pending the establishment of the Collateral 
Agent's rights, which may cause delay, there is a risk of diminution in value of any mortgage asset as to which there 
is a breach of representations and warranties. As described under "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction 
Documents—Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreements" herein, the Seller agrees with the LLP that it will take certain 
actions to enforce such representations and warranties made by the Underlying Sellers in the Underlying Seller 
Documents. Until such breaches are cured, or the related mortgage asset is repurchased from the LLP by the Seller 
under the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement, there is a risk that in the event the LLP must dispose of the 
mortgage asset before the relevant breach is cured or the mortgage asset is repurchased, the diminution in value due 
to the breach could result in reduced recovery, which could result in proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage 
Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo).

--- Page 66 ---
60 
Risks Related to the Revolving Nature of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral 
As stated above, Holders of Mortgage Repo Notes will select, by category, the types of mortgage assets that will be 
Eligible Assets for the related Mortgage Repo Class. Holders of Mortgage Repo Notes will not be entitled to select 
the specific mortgage assets, nor will they receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the particular 
mortgage assets that comprise the related Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. Within the bounds of the Eligible Assets 
defined in the Final Terms, the composition of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral may change due to repurchases 
which may occur on the Repurchase Date or on any other day. The Seller may from time to time, subject to 
compliance by the Bank with the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement, make repurchases as a result of actions 
outside of its control, including repurchases effected by the Underlying Sellers pursuant to the Underlying Seller 
Documents or as a result of payoffs by the underlying mortgagors.  
Although the Final Terms will include haircuts for certain categories of mortgage assets designed to reflect, in part, 
differences in value across different asset types, there is a risk that the specific mortgage assets forming the 
Mortgage Repo Class Collateral upon an Acceleration Event may have characteristics that make them less valuable 
when compared with other mortgage assets that are Eligible Assets, and such characteristics may not be adequately 
covered by the haircut. However, the obligation of the Seller to repurchase the Purchased Assets upon an 
Acceleration Event does not depend upon the market value or other characteristics of the Purchased Assets, nor does 
the obligation of the Underlying Seller to repurchase the related mortgage assets pursuant to the Underlying Seller 
Documents depend upon the market value or other characteristics of the such assets. Accordingly, should the Seller 
(or the Underlying Seller) fully perform its repurchase obligations, the LLP will not be exposed to this form of 
market value risk. However, if the Seller and the Underlying Seller do not fully perform their respective repurchase 
obligations, or if there is a delay in such performance, this form of market value risk would arise in circumstances 
where the Collateral Agent is required to realise upon the Purchased Assets directly, as described herein. 
Risks Related to Valuation of Mortgage Repo Class Collateral 
As described under "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—Mortgage Repo Custodial 
Agreements" herein, the Master Custodian will be using one of two methods for deriving the fair market value of the 
mortgage assets that form the Purchased Assets. The market value for whole residential mortgage loans held by the 
Master Custodian that would otherwise be eligible to be included in mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed 
by a government-sponsored entity will be determined by the Master Custodian by reference to a proxy residential 
mortgage-backed security. The market value for other mortgage assets will be provided by the Seller. Therefore, the 
Master Custodian will be dependent upon the Seller to assign such fair market values to certain types of Eligible 
Assets that are difficult to value without access to any independent, proprietary pricing models and methods. The 
Master Custodian and the LLP will not have independent access to any such models or methods for valuation. As 
described under "—Risks Relating to the LLP and the Class Collateral—Reliance of the LLP on third parties" in the 
Base Prospectus, reliance upon third parties to determine the fair market value of an item of Mortgage Repo Class 
Collateral entails risk. The risks described therein with respect to securities are applicable to the Mortgage Repo 
Class Collateral. Moreover, external professional input and manual operations generally play a larger role in valuing 
Mortgage Repo Class Collateral than Class Collateral consisting solely of securities, particularly those for which 
there is a screen-based market price available. Furthermore, in the case of mortgage assets that are commercial 
mortgage loans or interests in commercial mortgage loans, in the ordinary course of its business the Seller typically 
re-values such assets approximately once per month. No different approach will be taken with respect to Mortgage 
Repo Class Collateral, and accordingly the values assigned by the Seller for Mortgage Repo Class Collateral 
consisting of commercial mortgage loans or interests in commercial mortgage loans, although given daily to the 
Master Custodian, will be the same until the applicable assets are re-valued by the Seller in the ordinary course of its 
business. Therefore, valuations relating to commercial mortgage loans may not reflect any downward movement in 
such assets' values intra-month. Because of such difficulties in valuing Mortgage Repo Class Collateral in the 
absence of external professional input, there is a risk that the Collateral Agent will be unable to properly price such 
Eligible Assets for sale, if applicable, or that the Master Custodian will rely on potentially inaccurate or out-of-date 
valuations in calculating margin amounts. 
Risk Related to the Roles of the Bank as the Source of Market Value, as the Issuer and as the Seller

--- Page 67 ---
61 
As well as being the Issuer, the Bank will be the sole Seller authorised to enter into Mortgage Repurchase 
Transactions, and will determine the market value of certain mortgage assets with respect to Mortgage Repurchase 
Transactions. Each such valuation will be made by the Bank using the same valuation methodology that it uses when 
it is the buyer under repurchase agreement facilities for comparable assets from third parties, and the same valuation 
methodology that it uses in connection with the Underlying Transactions. Moreover, the LLP has the right to 
challenge valuations provided by the Bank and may engage a nationally recognised third party valuation provider 
unaffiliated with Bank or the LLP to provide a final and conclusive market value. However, because the Bank is 
both the Issuer and the Seller, and it establishes the valuation of certain mortgage assets included in the Mortgage 
Repo Class Collateral, which in turn determines if the Mortgage Repo Notes are fully collateralised, a conflict of 
interest exists.  
Risks Related to Limitations on Remedies Relating to the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral 
If a Mortgage Repo Payment Amount is Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo), the Seller 
will be obligated to effect a repurchase of part or all of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, as described in 
"Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreements," in order for 
the LLP to be able to receive funds to make payment of such Mortgage Repo Payment Amount. Accordingly, the 
LLP would not rely primarily upon sale of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral to pay on the LLP Undertaking 
(Mortgage Repo). Rather, the LLP's primary source of funds for payments on its LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo) 
to Noteholders is expected to be compliance by the Seller with its repurchase obligations under the related Mortgage 
Repurchase Transaction.  
If the Seller fails to effect such repurchase under the related Mortgage Repurchase Agreement, the Collateral Agent 
is entitled to exercise remedies under the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement. However, because the Underlying 
Sellers have repurchase rights with respect to the related mortgage assets under the Underlying Seller Documents, 
then notwithstanding the rights the Collateral Agent may have under the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement, the 
remedies of the Collateral Agent are subject to the rights of the Underlying Sellers. Because it must observe such 
rights, there is likely to be a delay in the Collateral Agent's ability to undertake substantive remedies until either the 
Underlying Seller elects or is required to effect a repurchase, or defaults in its obligations under the Underlying 
Agreement permitting the Collateral Agent, in the place of the Seller, as buyer thereunder, to liquidate any Mortgage 
Repo Class Collateral. See "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—The Mortgage Asset Security 
Agreement."  None of (i) the transfer to the LLP of the mortgage assets by the Seller under the related Mortgage 
Repurchase Transaction, (ii) the pledging to the Collateral Agent of the related Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, (iii) 
the occurrence of a Repurchase Event of Default of the Seller, or (iv) the occurrence of an Acceleration Event, will 
change the rights of the Underlying Seller under its Underlying Seller Documents. There is a risk that, although the 
Collateral Agent may have foreclosed upon the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, it cannot take substantive steps to 
realise upon such collateral for cash immediately. Such practical realisation may only be available to the Collateral 
Agent if (i) as a result of the Seller's Repurchase Event of Default, the Underlying Seller independently elects to 
exercise its repurchase rights relating to the mortgage assets (in which case the Collateral Agent, as successor to the 
Seller's rights as 'buyer' pursuant to the Underlying Seller Documents, will be entitled to collect such repurchase 
price as proceeds of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral), (ii) the Underlying Seller defaults under the Underlying 
Seller Documents and the terms thereof permit the Collateral Agent, as successor to the Seller as 'buyer' thereunder, 
to exercise remedies against the mortgage assets (in which case the Collateral Agent will be entitled to collect such 
sales proceeds as proceeds of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral), or (iii) the Collateral Agent is able to sell the 
Trust Receipt, the value of which is likely to reflect the same or substantially similar challenges with respect to 
exercising remedies with respect to the mortgage assets, as described in "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class 
Transaction Documents—The Mortgage Asset Security Agreement." The delay in the Collateral Agent's ability to 
realise proceeds from the liquidation of any mortgage assets in order to make payments under the LLP Undertaking 
(Mortgage Repo) cannot be determined, and such period could be lengthy, and the value of the Mortgage Repo 
Class Collateral could erode during that period without the LLP having the benefit of the Seller posting margin. 
Although the risk of delay could be mitigated by a sale of the portfolio of the Trust Receipts, there can be no 
assurance that any market will exist for the sale of the Trust Receipts or that the Collateral Agent will receive any 
offers to purchase the Trust Receipts for the required minimum purchase price. No assurances can be given that the 
sale of the Trust Receipts would produce a higher liquidation value than the sale of the individual mortgage assets 
comprising the Trust Receipts. The risk of delays in the right of the Collateral Agent to realise directly upon the 
mortgage assets that comprise the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral may result in diminished values for such

--- Page 68 ---
62 
collateral, and realisation of proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for 
Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). 
Risks Related to Origination and Underwriting 
When providing warehouse financing for Mortgage Assets, the Bank underwrites the Underlying Transaction 
premised upon its evaluation of the credit of the Underlying Seller and the value of the collateral in light of the 
structure of the Underlying Transaction. It generally does not underwrite or re-underwrite the transaction by which 
the related residential or commercial mortgage asset that is the subject of such Underlying Transaction was 
originated. Instead, the Bank is reliant upon the originator of the asset to properly underwrite and originate the asset, 
and further relies upon representations and warranties from the Underlying Seller as to such origination. See "—
Financial Condition of Underlying Seller and Servicers; Enforcement of Representations and Warranties" for a 
description of the reliance by the Bank upon representations and warranties from the Underlying Seller. In limited 
circumstances, it is possible that the Bank itself may have originated a commercial mortgage asset, sold that asset, 
and contemporaneously or subsequently provided warehouse finance for such asset. However, the origination and 
warehouse finance businesses of the Bank are conducted by separate teams, which apply the same standards for the 
origination or warehouse finance, as applicable, for such loans as such teams would apply for non-affiliated 
transactions. Furthermore, such transactions are infrequent. 
Risks Related to Servicing 
Unlike securities, mortgage loans require servicing and, as a result, owners of, or investors in, mortgage assets 
depend in large part upon the expertise and diligence of the related servicer to realise value on such assets. The 
mortgage assets underlying the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral are serviced by Servicers that are not affiliated with 
the LLP, or represent interests in mortgage loans serviced by such Servicers. Servicers must timely and accurately 
collect the payments due on a mortgage asset, undertake loss mitigation when and where required, and enforce the 
terms of the mortgages against the related mortgagor (including ensuring that property taxes and applicable insurance 
premiums are timely paid and maintained). To limit losses on delinquent mortgage assets, servicers may use loss 
mitigation measures including forbearance agreements and other modification agreements and pre-foreclosure sales. 
Modifications of mortgage assets in an attempt to maximize the ultimate proceeds of such mortgage assets may have 
the effect of, among other things, reducing or otherwise changing the mortgage interest rate, forgiving payments of 
principal, interest or prepayment charges, capitalizing or deferring delinquent interest and other amounts owed under 
the mortgage assets, deferring principal payments, with or without interest, or any combination of these or other 
modifications. To the extent that the effect of such modifications, or other action taken in compliance with future 
legislation or regulations, is to reduce the value of the related mortgage loan, such reduced value may result in 
reduced recoveries in respect of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. In addition, as with reliance upon any external 
service provider, investors in Mortgage Repo Notes are subject to the risks associated with inadequate or untimely 
services for reasons such as errors or miscalculations. The LLP generally does not have the right to enforce remedies 
against servicers directly, and instead it must rely on the Seller to enforce its rights under the related servicing 
agreement or arrangement. To the extent that the effect of servicing deficiencies, or the failure to make required 
servicing advances, is to reduce the value of the related mortgage loan, such reduced value may result in reduced 
recoveries in respect of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. Any resignation or removal of a servicer or any non-
compliance or failure by a servicer to have the requisite licenses and approvals could diminish the value of the 
related mortgage loans or delay the realisation of proceeds therefrom by limiting such servicer's right to collect on 
such mortgage loan or to enforce the terms of the related mortgage. To mitigate this risk, mortgage assets will cease 
to be Eligible Assets upon the occurrence of any such event; however, if such an event occurs after a Repurchase 
Event of Default by the Seller, the LLP will be dependent on the Collateral Agent to obtain an appropriate 
replacement servicer or be able to sell the mortgage asset on the basis that such mortgage loan (or the mortgage loan 
relating to such mortgage asset) is unserviced. No arrangements have been made by the LLP or the Collateral Agent 
for any standby or back-up servicing.  
As described below in "—Risks Relating to Reverse Residential Mortgage Loans and Residential HECM Loans,"
the procedures and the expertise required to service reverse residential mortgage assets and residential HECM 
mortgage loans differ from the procedures and expertise required to service traditional residential mortgage loans. 
Similarly, the servicing of commercial mortgage loans requires procedures and expertise different from that required 
to service residential mortgage loans. Servicers of commercial mortgage loans may also engage in what is known as

--- Page 69 ---
63 
special servicing, or may retain a sub-servicer to perform such special servicing, if the commercial mortgage loan is 
in default or at imminent risk of default. The special servicing of commercial mortgage loans operates within a 
different structural and legal framework from residential loan servicing, requiring its own expertise and experience. 
See "Exhibit I—Risk Factors—Risk Relating To Commercial Mortgage Assets" for a more fulsome description of 
servicing risks associated with commercial mortgage assets. 
Financial Condition of Underlying Seller and Servicers; Enforcement of Representations and Warranties 
Financial difficulties may result in the inability of Underlying Sellers to repurchase mortgage assets in the event the 
mortgage assets become ineligible due to early payment defaults and other mortgage loan representation and 
warranty breaches. Such inability or failure may also affect the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral where the related 
mortgage assets form part or all of such Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. Financial difficulties may also have a 
negative effect on the ability of Servicers to pursue collections on mortgage loans that are experiencing increased 
delinquencies and defaults and to maximize recoveries on the sale of underlying properties following foreclosure. If 
a Servicer is experiencing financial difficulties, it may not be able to perform its servicing duties, its advancing 
obligations (as applicable), or its obligations as an Underlying Seller (as applicable) to repurchase any mortgage 
assets as required.  
As further described herein, the Seller will make certain limited representations and warranties (but not including 
loan level representations and warranties) with respect to Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. The Seller will also be 
obligated to enforce against the Underlying Seller the set of representations and warranties made by such 
Underlying Seller with respect to their mortgage assets under the Underlying Seller Documents, including 
obligations to cure a breach, or repurchase or substitute for a mortgage asset because of a breach of any such 
representation and warranty. See "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—Mortgage Asset 
Repurchase Agreements". Such actions may not be effective if the Underlying Seller is unable to do so because it is 
in financial difficulties, or is subject to a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or no longer in existence. 
Risks Arising Because the Collateral Agent Generally Will Not Collect Monthly Payments 
Prior to an Acceleration Event, collections on mortgage assets will not be paid or payable to the LLP. For so long as 
it is in compliance with the Underlying Seller Documents, collections on the mortgage assets generally will be 
payable to the Underlying Seller. If the Underlying Seller is in default under the Underlying Seller Documents, 
collections on the mortgage assets generally are applied by the Seller to reduce the Underlying Seller's repurchase 
obligation under the Underlying Seller Documents. Only if the Collateral Agent has foreclosed on the Underlying 
Seller Documents as described under "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—The Mortgage 
Asset Security Agreement" herein, and the Underlying Seller were at the same time in default under the Underlying 
Seller Documents, would the LLP have a right to receive collections on the mortgage assets forming part of the 
Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. There is a risk that delays and expenses might arise in pursuing such collections, 
resulting in the realisation of net proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are 
Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). 
Risks Related to Limitations on the Collateral Agent's Perfected Interest in Mortgage Repo Class Collateral 
While the Collateral Agent will have a perfected security interest in the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, prospective 
investors in the Mortgage Repo Notes should be aware of risks related to the following limitations on the LLP's (and 
thus, the Collateral Agent's) interest in the underlying mortgage assets and proceeds thereof. 
Risks Arising Because the LLP Will Not Be the Mortgagee of Record 
In keeping with market practices for interim financing of mortgage loans, neither the LLP nor the Collateral Agent 
on its behalf is expected to be the mortgagee of record. Generally, the originator of the mortgage is reflected as the 
mortgagee of record in the files of the local recordation office, and the interests of any beneficial owner (relevant to 
the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, the LLP or the Collateral Agent) will not be noted in such files. Assignments 
by the originator of such mortgage in blank, and the original mortgage notes endorsed by the originator in blank, 
will be held by the applicable Sub-Custodian and evidenced by the Trust Receipt issued by such Sub-Custodian to

--- Page 70 ---
64 
the Mortgage Custodian on behalf of the LLP. Mortgages or assignments of mortgage for some of the residential 
mortgage loans included in the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral may have been recorded in the name of Mortgage 
Electronic Registration Systems, Inc., or "MERS," solely as nominee for the Underlying Seller and its successors 
and assigns. In these circumstances, MERS is reflected as the mortgagee of record in the files of the local 
recordation office, and the interests of any beneficial owner (relevant to the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, the 
LLP or the Collateral Agent) will not be noted in such files. There is a risk that, if the LLP or the Collateral Agent 
on its behalf sought to establish the LLP's rights as owner of mortgage loans included in the Mortgage Repo Class 
Collateral, such recordation could cause delay and expense, resulting in realisation of proceeds insufficient to meet 
all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). If 
MERS discontinues the MERS system, if a court of competent jurisdiction in a particular state rules that MERS is 
not an appropriate system for transferring ownership of mortgage loans in that state, or if MERS goes into 
bankruptcy or becomes the subject of a receivership or conservatorship, and it becomes necessary for the LLP or the 
Collateral Agent establish the LLP's rights as owner of such residential mortgage loans included in the Mortgage 
Repo Class Collateral, such recordation could cause delay and expense, resulting in realisation of proceeds 
insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking 
(Mortgage Repo).  
Risks Related to Commingling and Non-Perfection With Respect to Collections Held by the Servicer 
Under the Underlying Seller Documents, each Servicer of the related mortgage loans will be permitted to 
commingle collections on the mortgage loans with its own funds, generally for up to two business days. In addition, 
each Servicer will deposit collections initially in an account of the Servicer that is not under the control of the Seller, 
the LLP or the Collateral Agent, and collections may be held in this account before they are remitted each month. 
Where the mortgage assets are interests in whole mortgage loans, a paying agent or similar function may be utilised 
to effect payments, resulting in additional commingling risk and potential delays in the making of remittances. Each 
remittance from the related Servicer will be made to the Barclays Cash Account. Furthermore, even if such 
collections are segregated from the Servicer's (or paying agent's) own funds, depending on the requirements of the 
Underlying Seller Documents (over which the LLP and the Collateral Agent will have no control), such collections 
may commingle funds that relate to mortgage assets forming part of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral with funds 
relating to other mortgage assets. Identifying funds relating to the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral in a commingled 
account may not be possible if the Seller as 'buyer' under the Underlying Seller Documents sought to do so, or if the 
LLP or the Collateral Agent as transferee of Seller's rights, sought to do so. If a Servicer is unable to, or fails to, turn 
over collections as required by the Underlying Seller Documents, or if the collections are commingled and do not 
constitute identifiable cash proceeds under the Uniform Commercial Code, the Seller as 'buyer' under the 
Underlying Seller Documents may not have a perfected or priority security interest in any collections that are in 
such Servicer's (or paying agent's) possession or that have not been remitted to the Seller. If the Seller as buyer 
under the Underlying Seller Documents does not have a perfected or priority security interest in such collections, 
neither the LLP nor the Collateral Agent would have a perfected or priority security interest in such collections. As a 
consequence there is a risk such funds could be subject to liens in favour of other creditors or claims of a bankruptcy 
trustee, resulting in realisation of proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are 
Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). 
Risks Related to Commingling and Non-Perfection With Respect to Collections Received by the Seller 
Under the Underlying Seller Documents, the Seller will direct the Underlying Seller to deposit any amounts relating 
to an Underlying Seller's repurchase of Purchased Assets, and all monthly remittances from the related Servicer 
(generally representing principal and interest payments, prepayments, liquidation and insurance proceeds, net of 
servicing fees and other permitted deductions) to the Barclays Cash Account. Seller will also deposit amounts 
relating to the initial purchase of any Purchased Assets in the Barclays Cash Account. Neither the Collateral Agent 
nor the LLP have a security interest in, or control over, the Barclays Cash Account. Cash proceeds received relating 
to Mortgage Repo Class Collateral will be commingled in the Barclays Cash Account with proceeds relating to other 
mortgage assets financed or held by the Bank that do not form part of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. Each 
payment into the Barclays Cash Account is intended to be tracked using a tracking reference unique to the related 
mortgage asset, in order to associate the funds received with such transaction. However, no assurance can be given 
that such tracking reference will be correctly associated with each payment, or maintained as being uniquely 
associated with the particular transaction. Identifying funds relating to the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral in a

--- Page 71 ---
65 
commingled account may not be possible if the LLP or the Collateral Agent as transferee of Seller's rights sought to 
do so, particularly in the absence of, or the event of an error in, the transaction identification process. If the Seller is 
unable to identify amounts in the Barclays Cash Account as being identifiable cash proceeds for purposes of the 
Uniform Commercial Code, neither the LLP nor the Collateral Agent would have a perfected or priority security 
interest in such collections. In such circumstances there is a risk of the LLP or the Collateral Agent on its behalf 
incurring delays and expenses while the competing claims to such funds are resolved, and a risk that realisation of 
proceeds is insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP 
Undertaking (Mortgage Repo).  
Upon the occurrence of a Repurchase Event of Default of the Seller, the Collateral Agent on behalf of the LLP will 
be entitled to direct the Underlying Sellers to make payments to an account identified by the Collateral Agent and 
which will be subject to the lien and control of the Collateral Agent under the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement. 
To facilitate this process, the Seller will make commercially reasonable efforts to deliver to each Underlying Seller 
and the applicable Sub-Custodian a notice of the repurchase arrangements between the Seller and the LLP, and the 
pledge by the LLP of its interest in the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral to the Collateral Agent, however such notice 
is informational in nature only and would not be effective under the Uniform Commercial Code to establish the 
LLP's or Collateral Agent's direct rights against the Underlying Seller as transferee of the Seller's interest in the 
Underlying Seller Documents. See "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—Mortgage Asset 
Repurchase Agreements" and "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—The Mortgage Asset 
Security Agreement."  
Risks Related to the Trust Receipts 
Each Trust Receipt is intended to represent the LLP's interest in the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. As described 
under "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreements" herein, 
prior to the exercise of remedies, each Trust Receipt will represent both Mortgage Repo Class Collateral for one or 
more Mortgage Repo Classes, and potentially mortgage assets that are not the property of the LLP; the exact content 
of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral will be available in the most recently-available Mortgage Repo Investor 
Allocation Report. Upon the exchange of the Trust Receipts in the circumstances described under "Exhibit I—
Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreements" herein, the Collateral Agent 
will hold a Trust Receipt that reflects only the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral for each applicable Mortgage Repo 
Class. There is a risk of delay and expense associated with such exchange of the Trust Receipts. In addition, the LLP 
and the Collateral Agent are reliant upon the Mortgage Custodian to ensure that the Mortgage Repo Investor 
Allocation Report correctly tracks the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. Errors in the Mortgage Repo Investor 
Allocation Report may further delay the exchange of the Trust Receipts as referenced above, or require the 
correction of errors in one or more exchanged Trust Receipt to ensure that it correctly reflects the Mortgage Repo 
Class Collateral for each applicable Class, resulting in further delay and expense. 
In addition, one of the remedies available to the Collateral Agent, as described under "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo 
Class Transaction Documents—The Mortgage Asset Security Agreement" herein, will be to dispose of the Trust 
Receipts that are intended to represent the LLP's interest in the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. No Trust Receipt is 
a security or instrument of a type commonly traded in the market, and no ready market for any Trust Receipt 
currently exists or is expected to exist. There is a risk that disposition of such an illiquid asset may not realise as 
much as realising upon the underlying collateral, i.e. the mortgage assets. Any of the foregoing risks may result in 
proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP 
Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). 
Risks Related to Realisation Upon Mortgage Assets 
It is customary in the market for sellers of mortgage assets to offer certain representations and warranties relating to 
the mortgage assets offered for sale, and to grant prospective purchaser the opportunity to conduct due diligence of 
the mortgage assets. If the Collateral Agent is in a position to realise upon the mortgage assets forming the Mortgage 
Repo Class Collateral in circumstances where both the Seller and the Underlying Seller are in default of their 
respective obligations, there is a risk that the realisable value of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral may be reduced 
as a result of: neither the LLP nor the Collateral Agent making representations or warranties with respect to the 
mortgage assets to a prospective purchaser, the LLP not being the mortgagee of record for the related mortgage

--- Page 72 ---
66 
loans, and any defects in the origination or servicing of the mortgage loans, whether or not the same have been 
discovered, and associated regulatory and other matters, none of which the LLP or the Collateral Agent will be in a 
position to cure. 
There is a risk that the effect of any or all of the foregoing would materially reduce the realisable value of the 
mortgage assets forming the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, resulting in proceeds insufficient to meet all the 
Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo).  
Risks Related to Geographic and Other Concentrations in Mortgage Assets 
Adverse economic conditions and natural disasters in regions or states with a higher concentration of mortgage 
assets included in the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral will have a disproportionate impact on the rate of 
delinquencies, defaults and losses on such mortgage assets than if fewer of such mortgage assets included in the 
Mortgage Repo Class Collateral were concentrated in those regions or states. No assurance can be given that the 
particular mortgage assets forming Mortgage Repo Class Collateral will be geographically dispersed in a way that 
ameliorates these risks, or are in areas that are less prone to such risks. 
Certain types of commercial mortgage assets are susceptible to risks associated with tenant concentrations. These 
include retail, office and industrial properties. A tenant concentration can arise if a mortgaged property is owner 
occupied, leased to a single tenant, or if any tenant makes up a significant portion of the rental income at the 
mortgaged property. In the event of a default by that tenant, if the related lease expires prior to the mortgage loan 
maturity date and the related tenant fails to renew its lease, or if such tenant exercises an early termination option, 
there would likely be an interruption of rental payments under the lease and, accordingly, the risk of insufficient 
funds being available to the borrower to pay the debt service on the mortgage loan. In certain cases where the tenant 
owns the improvements on the mortgaged property, the related borrower may be required to purchase such 
improvements in connection with the exercise of its remedies. Concentrations of particular tenants among 
mortgaged properties or within a particular business or industry at one or multiple mortgaged properties increase the 
possibility that financial problems with such tenants or such business or industry sectors could affect the commercial 
mortgage assets included in the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. In addition, commercial mortgage assets may be 
adversely affected if a tenant at the mortgaged property is highly specialised, or dependent on a single industry or 
only a few customers for its revenue.  
Risks Relating to Laws and Regulations Applicable to Mortgage Loans 
The origination and servicing of mortgage loans, particularly residential mortgage loans, is a highly regulated 
activity. The LLP will not be conducting any due diligence with respect to the mortgage assets forming the 
Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, and as such likely will not discover any violations of applicable laws or 
requirements in the origination and servicing of such mortgage loans (or the mortgage loans underlying the related 
mortgage assets) until after they have been purchased by it as Purchased Assets. There is a risk that any such 
violation could materially reduce the realisable value of the mortgage assets forming the Mortgage Repo Class 
Collateral, resulting in proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for 
Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). The following paragraphs identify areas of regulation and 
process where the risk of violations may arise with respect to mortgage loans. 
Risks Associated With General Legal Considerations 
State laws generally regulate interest rates and other charges on mortgage loans, and require certain disclosures and 
require licensing of residential mortgage loan originators and servicers. Certain jurisdictions may also require 
licensing of commercial mortgage loan originators.  In addition, state laws, public policy and general principles of 
equity relating to the protection of consumers, unfair and deceptive practices and debt collection practices may apply 
to the origination, servicing and collection of mortgage assets forming part of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. 
Violations of certain provisions of federal, state and local laws by an originator, prior servicer, a servicer or any 
subservicer, the failure of any servicer or subservicer, or their personnel, to be properly licensed or otherwise 
approved to perform their contemplated duties, or apply for any exemptions from licensing or approval 
requirements, and actions by governmental agencies, authorities and attorneys general, may limit the ability to 
collect all or part of the principal of, or interest on, the mortgage loans forming the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral.

--- Page 73 ---
67 
Violations could also subject the entity that originated or modified such mortgage loans to damages and 
administrative enforcement (including disgorgement of prior interest and fees paid). In particular, an Underlying 
Seller's failure to comply with certain requirements of federal and state laws could subject such Underlying Seller 
(and, in some circumstances, its assignees) to monetary penalties, recoupment/set-offs, or result in the obligors 
rescinding such mortgage loans, even if a subsequent holder, such as the LLP, was not responsible for and was 
unaware of those violations. These adverse consequences vary depending on the applicable state law and may vary 
depending on the type or severity of the violation, but may include for residential mortgage loans, the homeowner's 
ability to rescind, or cancel, the mortgage loan, the mortgage loan holder's inability to collect all of the principal and 
interest otherwise due on the mortgage loan, and the homeowner's right to a refund of amounts previously paid 
(which may include amounts financed by the mortgage loan), or to set off those amounts against his or her future 
loan obligations. In addition the servicer and loan owner may have liability for actual damages, statutory damages 
and punitive damages, civil or criminal penalties, costs, and attorneys' fees for the related mortgage loan. 
The commercial mortgage assets included in the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral may be impacted by various laws 
and regulations. A borrower may be required to incur costs to comply with the applicable zoning, land use, building, 
fire and health ordinances, as well as the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and similar local statutes, rules, 
regulations and orders applicable to commercial properties.  The expenditure of these costs or the imposition of 
injunctive relief, penalties or fines in connection with the borrower's noncompliance could negatively impact the 
borrower's cash flow and, consequently, the value of the related mortgage assets. 
The residential mortgage loans included in the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral are subject to various federal laws, 
including, but not limited to, the following: 

TILA (as defined below) and Regulation Z (as defined below) promulgated under TILA, which (among 
other things) require certain disclosures to borrowers regarding the terms of loans – including disclosures 
provided in advance of loan origination and (in some cases) on periodic statements and in advance of rate 
adjustments, and disclosures or loan transfers – and provide consumers who pledged their principal 
dwelling as collateral in a non-purchase money transaction with a right of rescission that generally extends 
for three (3) days after proper disclosures are given, and otherwise regulate mortgage transactions, such as 
by restricting compensation paid to loan brokers and otherwise regulating broker practices, restricting 
advertising practices and requiring that certain terms be included in advertisements, prohibiting arbitration 
provisions, limiting prepayment fees in certain circumstances, mandating escrow accounts for certain loans, 
requiring prompt crediting of payments, prohibiting certain practices relating to appraisals and requiring 
lenders to consider the ability of the consumer to repay certain loans. 

The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act ("RESPA") and Regulation X promulgated under RESPA, 
which (among other things) prohibit the payment of referral fees for real estate settlement services 
(including mortgage lending and brokerage services) and regulate escrow accounts for taxes and insurance 
and billing inquiries made by borrowers. 

The CFPB's Know Before You Owe TILA – RESPA Integrated Disclosure (or "TRID") rule, which 
requires certain disclosures to the mortgagors regarding the terms of a residential mortgage loan. 

The Equal Credit Opportunity Act ("ECOA") and Regulation B promulgated under ECOA, which prohibit 
discrimination on the basis of age, race, colour, sex, religion, marital status, national origin, receipt of 
public assistance or the exercise of any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act, in the extension of 
credit. 

The Fair Credit Reporting Act, which regulates the use and reporting of information related to the 
mortgagor's credit experience. 

The Relief Act, which may require interest rate reductions, and temporary suspension of legal proceedings 
that may adversely affect the rights of servicemembers, during their military service. 

The Helping Families Save Their Homes Act of 2009 (the "Homes Act") amends TILA to require 
purchasers or assignees of mortgage loans secured by a borrower's principal dwelling to mail or deliver 
notice to borrowers of the sale or transfer of their mortgage loan no later than thirty (30) days after a sale or 
transfer. 
In addition, federal law provides that both residential and commercial properties purchased or improved with 
assets derived from criminal activity or otherwise tainted, or used in the commission of certain offenses, can be

--- Page 74 ---
68 
seized and ordered forfeited to the United States. The offenses which can trigger such a seizure and forfeiture 
include, among others, violations of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, the Bank Secrecy 
Act, the anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act of 2001 and the regulations 
issued thereunder, as well as the narcotic drug laws. In many instances, the United States may seize the property 
even before a conviction occurs. 
There is a risk that any violation of these laws and requirements could materially reduce the realisable value of 
mortgage assets forming part or all of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, resulting in proceeds insufficient to meet 
all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo).  
Recent Trends in the Mortgage Market May Adversely Affect Recoveries 
There is a risk that disruptions and changes in the market for mortgage loans may affect the ability of the Collateral 
Agent to realise upon the mortgage assets forming part or all of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral in order to 
realise proceeds sufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the 
LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). Changes in the primary (origination) market for mortgage loans can negatively 
affect the value of mortgage loans originated under earlier standards. 
In recent years, the real estate and securitisation markets, including the market for residential and commercial 
mortgage-backed securities, experienced significant dislocations, illiquidity and volatility. Any economic downturn 
may adversely affect the financial resources of borrowers under residential and commercial mortgage loans and may 
result in their inability to make payments on, or refinance, their outstanding mortgage debt when due or to sell their 
mortgaged properties for an aggregate amount sufficient to pay off the outstanding debt when due.  
In response to increased delinquencies and losses with respect to residential and commercial mortgage loans, many 
residential and commercial mortgage loan originators have implemented more restrictive underwriting criteria for 
such mortgage loans, which has resulted in reduced availability of refinancing alternatives for borrowers. The final 
rules relating to the ability-to-repay and qualified mortgage standards under the federal Truth in-Lending Act 
("TILA"), promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the "CFPB") and effective with respect to 
applications for residential loans taken on or after January 10, 2014 (the "ATR Compliance Date"), has further 
limited the availability of residential mortgage loan refinancing alternatives, as described more fully under "—
Financial Regulatory Reforms and Additional Proposed Regulations Could Have a Significant Impact on 
Recoveries" below. The risks relating to reduced refinancing alternatives described above would be exacerbated to 
the extent that prevailing mortgage interest rates increase from current levels. Any real property price depreciation 
may also leave borrowers with insufficient equity in their properties to enable them to refinance. Borrowers who 
intend to sell their properties on or before the maturity of their mortgage loans may find that they cannot sell their 
property for an amount equal to or greater than the unpaid principal balance of their mortgage loans. While some 
residential mortgage loan originators and servicers have created or otherwise are participating in modification 
programs in order to assist residential mortgage borrowers with refinancing or otherwise meeting their payment 
obligations, not all residential mortgage borrowers will qualify for or will take advantage of these opportunities. 
In response to these circumstances, federal, state and local authorities have enacted and continue to propose new 
legislation, rules and regulations relating to the origination, servicing and treatment of residential mortgage loans in 
default or in bankruptcy. These initiatives could result in delayed or reduced collections from mortgagors, 
limitations on the foreclosure process and generally increased servicing costs. Certain of these initiatives could also 
permit the Servicers to take actions, such as with respect to the modification of residential mortgage loans, which 
might adversely affect the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, without any remedy or compensation to the Mortgage 
Repo Noteholders. 
The conservatorships of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac in September 2008 have impacted both the real estate 
market and the value of real estate assets generally. While Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac currently act as the 
primary sources of liquidity in the residential mortgage markets, both by purchasing mortgage loans for their own 
portfolios and by guaranteeing mortgage-backed securities, their long-term role is uncertain as federal legislators 
have proposed reducing and eventually eliminating their role in the residential mortgage markets. Further, no 
prediction can be made regarding what regulatory and legislative policies may be forthcoming from either 
congressional or executive branch action. A reduction in the ability of residential mortgage loan originators to

--- Page 75 ---
69 
access Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to sell their mortgage loans may adversely affect the financial condition of 
residential mortgage loan originators. In addition, any decline in the value of securities issued by Fannie Mae and 
Freddie Mac may affect the value of residential mortgage-backed securities in general, which in turn can affect the 
value of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. 
These adverse changes in market and credit conditions have had, and may continue to have, the effect of 
substantially reducing the liquidity of mortgage loans and mortgage assets. These developments may adversely 
affect the performance, marketability and overall recoveries on the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. 
Financial Regulatory Reforms Could Have a Significant Impact on Recoveries 
In response to the financial crisis, Congress passed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection 
Act (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), which was signed into law on July 21, 2010. The Dodd-Frank Act requires the 
creation of new federal regulatory agencies, and grants additional authorities and responsibilities to existing 
regulatory agencies to identify and address emerging systemic risks posed by the activities of financial services 
firms. The Dodd-Frank Act also provides for enhanced regulation of derivatives and mortgage-backed securities 
offerings, restrictions on executive compensation and enhanced oversight of credit rating agencies. Additionally, the 
Dodd-Frank Act established the CFPB within the Federal Reserve System, a new consumer protection regulator 
tasked with regulating consumer financial services and products. The Dodd-Frank Act also limits the ability of 
federal laws to preempt state and local consumer laws. 
The Dodd-Frank Act significantly increases the regulation of the financial services industry, including by imposing 
increased prudential standards on systemically significant institutions. Proposals for legislation further regulating the 
financial services industry are continually being introduced in the U.S. Congress and in state legislatures. Congress 
continues to consider extensive changes to the laws regulating financial services firms, including bills that address 
risks to the economy. Increased regulation of the financial services industry may impact the ability of financial 
institutions to provide financing for consumers, which may impact the ability of underlying mortgage borrowers to 
make their monthly mortgage payments. 
The Dodd-Frank Act requires that federal banking regulators amend their regulations such that capital charges 
imposed on banking institutions are determined to a lesser extent on the ratings of their investments. New 
regulations have been proposed, some of which have been adopted as final rules while others remain pending. Such 
regulations, including those that have been proposed to implement the more recent Basel internal ratings based and 
advanced measures approaches, may result in greater capital charges to financial institutions that own asset-backed 
securities or mortgage-backed securities, or otherwise adversely affect the attractiveness of investments in asset-
backed securities and mortgage-backed securities for regulatory capital purposes. 
The Dodd-Frank Act also prohibits lenders from originating residential mortgage loans unless the lender 
determines that the borrower has a reasonable ability to repay the loan using specified criteria. Failure to comply 
with the "ability to repay" ("ATR") criteria may result in the Underlying Seller and its assignee(s) being exposed 
to, among other things, civil liability and a borrower's ability to bar or postpone foreclosure proceedings with 
respect to the related mortgaged property. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, generally a lender and its assignees will not 
have liability under this prohibition with respect to mortgages underwritten in accordance with specific criteria that 
do not include certain loan features and contain limited points and fees known as "qualified mortgages." The CFPB 
has issued final rules (the "ATR Rules"), which became effective for residential mortgage loans for which the 
application was taken on or after the ATR Compliance Date, specifying the characteristics of a "qualified 
mortgage" for this purpose ("Qualified Mortgages"). Interest-only loans, certain "hybrid" residential mortgage 
loans and most balloon loans, as well as residential loans with a debt-to-income ratio exceeding 43%, loans where 
the borrower's debt-to-income ratio was calculated without strict compliance with Appendix Q of Regulation Z 
("Appendix Q") or loans made for business purposes (i.e., investment properties and other commercial mortgage 
loans), in general are among the loan products that do not constitute Qualified Mortgages. The ATR Rules, among 
other things, require that originators follow certain procedures and obtain certain documents in order to make a 
reasonable good-faith determination of a borrower's ability to repay a mortgage loan. The ATR Rules may result in 
a reduction in the availability of these types of loans in the future and may adversely affect the ability of 
mortgagors to refinance mortgage loans included in Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. No assurances can be given 
as to the effect of the ATR Rules on the value or marketability of any Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. Various

--- Page 76 ---
70 
state and local jurisdictions may adopt similar or more onerous provisions in the future. No prediction can be made 
as to how these laws and regulations relating to assignee liability may affect the market value of the Mortgage Repo 
Class Collateral. In addition, the ATR Rules may adversely affect the market generally for mortgage-backed 
securities, thereby reducing the liquidity of the mortgage assets that form the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. Any 
of the foregoing may result in a diminution in value of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, resulting in proceeds 
insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking 
(Mortgage Repo).  
In connection with the establishment of the ATR Rules, the CFPB created enhanced legal protection for originators 
if they originated a residential loan to a more restrictive credit standard than just determining a borrower's ability to 
repay. The ATR Rules specify the characteristics of a Qualified Mortgage and two levels of presumption of 
compliance with the ATR Rules, a safe harbour presumption that provides lenders with a safe harbour from 
liability if certain requirements are satisfied ("Safe Harbour Qualified Mortgages") and a rebuttable presumption 
("Rebuttable Presumption Qualified Mortgages") if certain requirements are satisfied but the annual percentage 
rate of the loan exceeds certain thresholds higher-priced covered transactions. A Qualified Mortgage must meet 
each of the following criteria: (1) terms of the mortgage loan must not include any negative amortization, interest 
only payments or balloon payments other than in certain limited circumstances, (2) the loan term cannot exceed 30 
years, (3) the lender must verify borrower income, (4) points and fees paid by the borrower cannot exceed 3% of 
the total loan amount in most cases, (5) the lender must calculate monthly payments based on the highest monthly 
payments required any time during the first five years of the loan and the total "back end" debt-to-income ratio 
cannot exceed 43% and (6) the verification of income and assets and determination of the debt-to-income ratio 
must be in accordance with Appendix Q. In addition, a mortgage loan will also be considered a Qualified Mortgage 
and provide lenders with a safe harbour from liability or a rebuttable presumption if certain requirements are met 
and such mortgage loan conformed to the guidelines of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac at the time of origination and 
were eligible to be purchased by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac ("Agency Qualified Mortgages"). No assurance is 
given that any Eligible Asset is a Safe Harbour Qualified Mortgage, Rebuttable Presumption Qualified Mortgage 
or Agency Qualified Mortgage, and there is a risk that the market for residential mortgage loans that are not Safe 
Harbour Qualified Mortgages, Rebuttable Presumption Qualified Mortgages or Agency Qualified Mortgages will 
be limited. A limited market the may result in a diminution in value of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, 
resulting in proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under 
the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo).  
In addition to the Dodd-Frank Act, the value of the mortgage loans, particularly residential mortgage loans, forming 
the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral may be adversely affected by other legislative and regulatory actions at the 
federal, state, and local levels, including by legislation or regulatory action that changes the loss mitigation, pre-
foreclosure and foreclosure processes. For example, such value could be negatively affected by legislative, 
regulatory or judicial action that: (a) changes the foreclosure process in any individual state; (b) limits or otherwise 
adversely affects the rights of a holder of a first lien on a mortgage (e.g., by granting priority rights in residential 
foreclosure proceedings for homeowner associations); (c) expands the responsibilities of (and costs to) servicers for 
maintaining vacant properties prior to foreclosure; or (d) permits or requires principal reductions, such as allowing 
local governments to use eminent domain to seize mortgage loans and forgive principal on the mortgage loans. 
These actions could delay the foreclosure process, and could increase expenses, including by potentially delaying 
the final resolution of seriously delinquent mortgage loans and the disposition of non-performing assets, and could 
result in proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the 
LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). 
In 2004, the SEC adopted a comprehensive body of regulations relating to asset-backed securities that took effect in 
2006 ("Regulation AB"). In 2014, the SEC issued final rules that substantially revised Regulation AB and other 
rules regarding the offering process, disclosure and reporting for publicly-issued asset-backed securities. Among 
other things, the final rules require (i) enhanced disclosure of loan level information at the time of securitisation and 
on an ongoing basis for residential mortgage-backed securities publicly offered after the applicable transition period 
and (ii) that the transaction agreements provide for review of the underlying assets by an independent credit risk 
manager if certain trigger events occur, as well as specified repurchase dispute resolution procedures, for residential 
mortgage-backed securities publicly offered after the applicable transition period under a shelf registration. Although 
the transaction described in the Base Prospectus, is not presently subject to the requirements of these rules, no 
prediction can be made as to what effect the rules will have on the liquidity and market value of mortgage-backed

--- Page 77 ---
71 
securities, or on the liquidity and market value of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. In addition, no prediction can 
be made as to whether the Mortgage Repo Notes, which are not expected to be subject to all of the requirements 
included in such rules, may be less marketable than traditional mortgage-backed securities (both residential and 
commercial mortgage-backed securities) that are offered in compliance with such rules. 
Payment Shortfalls Due to the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act 
The Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, or "Relief Act," provides relief to residential borrowers who enter active 
military service and to borrowers in reserve status who are called to active duty after the origination of their 
mortgage loan. The Relief Act provides generally that a residential borrower who is covered by the Relief Act may 
not be charged interest on a mortgage loan in excess of 6% per annum during the period of the borrower's active 
duty. Current or future military operations of the United States may result in an increase in the number of borrowers 
who may be in active military service, and the activation of additional U.S. military reservists or members of the 
National Guard, which may in turn significantly increase the proportion of residential mortgage loans whose 
mortgage rates are reduced by application of the Relief Act. Interest shortfalls on the mortgage loans due to the 
application of the Relief Act or similar legislation or regulations generally would not be reimburseable to the holders 
of the related mortgages. The Relief Act also limits the ability of a servicer to foreclose on a residential mortgage 
loan during the borrower's period of active duty and, in some cases, during an additional period thereafter.  
No assurance can be given as to whether or not mortgage assets forming Mortgage Repo Class Collateral have been 
or may be affected by the application of the Relief Act or similar legislation or regulations. To the extent that the 
effect of the Relief Act or such similar legislation or regulations is to reduce the value of the related residential 
mortgage loan, such reduced value may result in reduced recoveries in respect of Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. 
Risks Relating to 'Wet' Funded Mortgage Loans 
Some categories of Eligible Assets permit the original mortgage note not to have been delivered to the applicable 
Sub-Custodian, and/or the original mortgage not to have been recorded in the applicable recording office and 
returned to such Sub-Custodian, by the time the mortgage loan (or a mortgage asset related to such mortgage loan) is 
subjected to a Mortgage Repurchase Transaction. This is known as wet funding and can occur with respect to both 
residential and commercial mortgage loans. In such cases, there is a greater risk that a mortgage loan could be 
fraudulently presented as having being duly originated, or fraudulently pledged to another secured party in another 
transaction, and that such fraud may not be detected before the mortgage loan is included in a Mortgage Repurchase 
Transaction. Until the original mortgage, together with a valid assignment by the originator of such mortgage in 
blank, and the original mortgage note endorsed by the originator in blank, are held and checked by the applicable 
Sub-Custodian, and evidenced by the Trust Receipt issued to the Mortgage Custodian on behalf of the LLP, the 
LLP's interest in such mortgage loan is subject to these risks of fraud and dishonesty. If a mortgage loan (or a 
mortgage asset related to such mortgage loan) that forms part of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral is affected by 
such fraudulent or dishonest conduct, such mortgage asset will be deemed ineligible and must be repurchased by the 
Seller from the LLP, and by the Underlying Seller under the Underlying Repo Documents. If the Underlying Seller 
and the Seller have not repurchased such ineligible mortgage asset and an Acceleration Event has occurred and such 
ineligible mortgage asset remains in the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, there is a risk of materially diminished 
value for such mortgage asset, and realisation of proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment 
Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo).  
Risks Relating to Reverse Residential Mortgage Loans and Residential HECM Loans 
Some types of Eligible Assets include reverse mortgage loans. Under a reverse mortgage loan, the borrower is 
entitled to receive payments from the lender over the life of the applicable availability period. The amount of such 
advances, plus interest, are aggregated and become due upon the occurrence of certain triggering events specified in 
the mortgage (such as the death of the borrower or spouse, or permanent relocation away from the mortgaged 
property). Under the mortgage, the property must be sold within a certain period (generally six months) after the 
occurrence of the triggering event, and the proceeds remitted to the lender. "Home Equity Conversion Mortgages" or 
HECM loans, are a type of reverse mortgage, originated in compliance with guidelines established by the Federal 
Housing Authority ("FHA"), and insured by the FHA. Because reverse mortgage loans are, by definition, borrowing 
against the equity value the homeowner has in the mortgaged property, if the value of the mortgaged property falls,

--- Page 78 ---
72 
the homeowner may have little or no equity in the property at the time the mortgage comes due. In such 
circumstances, the homeowner, or their estate, may elect to abandon the property which would necessitate the lender 
foreclosing upon it and selling the property. Reverse mortgage loans, including HECM loans, are nonrecourse loans 
and if a borrower or a borrower's estate does not pay the amount due with respect to a reverse mortgage loan or other 
HECM loan, the borrower's payment obligation can be satisfied only by selling the mortgaged property securing 
such loan. There can be no recourse against the income or other assets of a borrower or the estate. In addition, the 
lender generally must ensure that property taxes are timely paid so as to avoid a priming lien on the mortgaged 
property for unpaid taxes. Similarly, and as with conventional mortgages, homeowners insurance is required to be 
maintained to preserve the value of the property against various hazards. Although the borrower is usually required 
to make these tax and insurance payments, if they fail to do so, the lender (or servicer) will generally advance funds 
necessary to make such payments. The cost and delays in the process of foreclosure, the delay in selling the property 
after a triggering event, and the possibility of advances to maintain tax and insurance payments, mean that there is a 
risk of diminished value for reverse mortgage loans including HECM loans, and realisation of proceeds insufficient 
to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage 
Repo). 
The procedures and the expertise required to service reverse mortgage loans including HECM loans differ from the 
procedures and expertise required to service conventional mortgage loans. A servicer of reverse mortgage loans is 
not responsible for collection of monthly payments. Instead, the servicer must protect the collateral for the mortgage 
loan by monitoring borrower occupancy of the related mortgaged property, payment by the borrower of taxes and 
insurance premiums and maintenance by the borrower of the related mortgaged property. Additionally, for HECM 
loans the servicer must promptly pay the FHA mortgage insurance premium payment on the related mortgage loan. 
The servicer may enter into a "workout" for the payment of delinquent taxes and insurance with the borrower, but as 
a general matter the terms of the mortgage note are never modified because the mortgage loan itself can never be 
delinquent. 
If any Eligible Asset that is a reverse mortgage loan or HECM loan still has undrawn amounts at the time it is 
subject to a Mortgage Repurchase Transaction, the obligation to advance such amounts will be borne by the 
Underlying Seller. In the event that the Underlying Seller fails to make such advances, the related mortgage loan 
would no longer be an Eligible Asset and must be repurchased by the Seller under the Mortgage Repurchase 
Agreement. The LLP is not intended to bear the liability to make future advances under any reverse mortgage loan 
or HECM loan included as part of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. 
Risks Relating to Government-Insured or Guaranteed Residential Mortgage Loans 
Certain of the Eligible Assets are expected to benefit from insurance payments to be made by the United States 
federal government or an agency thereof. If any of the related residential mortgage loans is non-performing, little or 
no cash will be available for payments to the LLP or any prospective purchaser of such non-performing mortgage 
loan unless (1) the related mortgaged property is liquidated and, in the case of FHA-insured mortgage loans, the 
United Stated Department of Housing and Urban Development ("HUD")  pays any claims for insurance benefits 
with respect to such mortgage loan, (2) the borrower or, for HECM loans, such borrower's estate, repays such 
mortgage loan, (3) the mortgage loan meets applicable requirements for an assignment to HUD for payment by 
HUD of insurance benefits or (4) if the property relating to such mortgage loan becomes real estate owned, such 
property is liquidated. Any non-performing residential mortgage loan that becomes real estate owned would no 
longer be an Eligible Asset and must be repurchased by the Seller under the Mortgage Repurchase Agreement. 
Similar government insurance or guarantee programs are operated by the Veterans Administration ("VA") , the 
Rural Housing Authority, and other agencies. Accordingly, recovery on HECM loans and non-performing 
government-insured mortgage loans that are Eligible Assets will depend to a significant extent on receipt of FHA or 
other similar government guaranty or insurance payments.  
Recovery on such mortgage assets will depend on HUD making payments on FHA-insured mortgage loans, or on 
receipt of other guaranty or insurance payments from the applicable agency. As described above in "—Risks 
Relating to Servicing," any failure by the servicer to have the applicable licenses and approvals with respect to 
government loans (and, specifically, the separate approval for HECM loans, if applicable) may limit its ability to 
recover FHA or other guaranty or insurance payments. For instance, the amount of interest payable under the FHA 
insurance for any HECM loan may be curtailed as a result of a servicing error or a failure by the servicer to comply

--- Page 79 ---
73 
with the HUD HECM guidelines. In recent years, HUD has been more aggressive in curtailing the amount of 
interest payable under FHA insurance. Moreover, the insurance provided by HUD in several situations will not 
cover all interest and principal on the related mortgage loan. In addition, the maximum claim amount for a HECM 
loan is generally limited to the lesser of the appraised value of the related mortgaged property at origination or the 
related FHA loan limit at the time of origination, and any recovery of FHA insurance may be further limited by 
deductions and costs, prepayments and the receipt of interest for certain periods at the HUD debenture rate rather 
than the interest rate on the related mortgage loan. 
Mortgage Repo Noteholders will not have any direct rights against HUD or the FHA, or any other government 
agency, with respect to the contract of insurance applicable to any mortgage loan. Consequently, Mortgage Repo 
Noteholders will have to rely on the ability of the mortgagee and servicer to enforce any claims against HUD or the 
FHA, or other government agency. The LLP is not an approved FHA mortgagee and is not approved to hold FHA-
insured mortgage loans. HUD regulations may require that the commissioner of HUD approve the transfer of the 
mortgage loans to the LLP. The LLP has not and will not seek such HUD approval. The Bank in the ordinary course 
of providing mortgage repurchase warehouse financing relies on third parties, including its affiliates, with the 
requisite approvals to hold such mortgage loans for liquidation and the making of any FHA insurance claims upon 
any foreclosure. Upon any foreclosure, the LLP (or the Collateral Agent on its behalf) may similarly assign such 
mortgage loans to a third party that holds the requisite licenses. There can be no assurance that any such third party 
will be available or willing to purchase any part of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral at a time when the Seller and 
the Underlying Seller are in default.  
Risks Associated with Commercial Mortgage Assets Generally 
The property types underlying Eligible Assets that are commercial mortgage assets include multifamily, office, 
retail, hospitality, industrial, self-storage, mixed-use and manufactured housing communities. The commercial 
mortgage assets may be in the form of whole senior loans, pari passu senior loans, senior participations in senior 
loans, and pari passu senior participations in senior loans. B notes and other junior or subordinated interests, and 
mezzanine loans, are not eligible to be treated as Eligible Assets.  Moreover, the rights of the holder of such interests 
can bear upon the interests of the holders of other interests in commercial mortgage loans, including senior interests. 
Some of the mortgage loans are of a size typically referred to as 'small balance' commercial mortgage loans, and 
others are of a size typically treated as commercial mortgage loans. The following are risks associated with various 
categories of commercial mortgage assets, and are not intended to be an exhaustive list of possible risks. In each 
case, the risk to investors in the Mortgage Repo Notes is that the value of the associated mortgage loan may be 
reduced, and could result in proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for 
Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). 
Risks of Commercial Mortgage Lending Generally 
Commercial mortgage loans are secured by various income producing commercial properties. The repayment of a 
commercial mortgage loan is typically dependent upon the ability of the related mortgaged property to produce cash 
flow through the collection of rents. Even the liquidation value of a commercial property is determined, in 
substantial part, by the capitalization of the property's ability to produce cash flow. However, net operating income 
can be volatile and may be insufficient to cover debt service on the loan at any given time. The net operating 
incomes and property values of commercial mortgaged properties may be adversely affected by a large number of 
factors, some of which relate to the properties themselves, such as the age, design and construction quality of the 
properties; perceptions regarding the safety, convenience and attractiveness of the properties; the characteristics and 
desirability of the area where the property is located; the strength and nature of the local economy, including labour 
costs and quality, tax environment and quality of life for employees; the proximity and attractiveness of competing 
properties; the adequacy of the property's management and maintenance; increases in interest rates, real estate taxes 
and operating expenses at the property and in relation to competing properties; an increase in the capital 
expenditures needed to maintain the properties or make improvements; the dependence upon a single tenant or 
concentration of tenants in a particular business or industry; a decline in the businesses operated by tenants or in 
their financial condition; an increase in vacancy rates; and a decline in rental rates as leases are renewed or entered 
into with new tenants.

--- Page 80 ---
74 
Other factors are more general in nature, such as: national or regional economic conditions, including plant closings, 
military base closings, industry slowdowns, oil and/or gas drilling facility slowdowns or closings and unemployment 
rates; local real estate conditions, such as an oversupply of competing properties, retail space, office space, 
multifamily housing or hotel capacity; demographic factors; consumer confidence; consumer tastes and preferences; 
political factors; environmental factors; seismic activity risk; retroactive changes in building codes; changes or 
continued weakness in specific industry segments; location of certain mortgaged properties in less densely populated 
or less affluent areas; and the public perception of safety. 
The volatility of net operating income will be influenced by many of the foregoing factors, as well as by: the length 
of tenant leases (including that in certain cases, all or substantially all of the tenants, or one or more sole, anchor or 
other major tenants, at a particular mortgaged property may have leases that expire or permit the tenant(s) to 
terminate its lease during the term of the loan); the quality and creditworthiness of tenants; tenant defaults; in the 
case of rental properties, the rate at which new rentals occur; and the property's operating leverage, which is 
generally the percentage of total property expenses in relation to revenue, the ratio of fixed operating expenses to 
those that vary with revenues, and the level of capital expenditures required to maintain the property and to retain or 
replace tenants. 
Certain of the commercial mortgage loans represent financings of properties that have undergone or are currently 
undergoing renovation, construction and/or re-tenanting or other repositioning. The cash flow at origination for such 
properties was not considered stabilized and the underwriting for such properties was calculated based on certain 
assumptions, including assumptions regarding the renovations, lease-up, occupancy and rental rates. If the operating 
performance of such properties does not improve to the anticipated stabilized levels, (i) there may be little or no 
cushion against decreases in net operating income or increases in required debt service payments (on adjustable rate 
mortgage loans) such that changes could cause some of the borrowers to be unable to make required debt service 
payments on their mortgage loans and/or (ii) the borrowers may find it more difficult to refinance their mortgage 
loans or sell their properties at prices sufficient to pay their respective balloon payments at maturity.  With respect to 
properties for which future renovations have been planned, to the extent that the expense of such renovations has not 
been covered by reserve funds or letters of credit securing the related mortgage loans, there can be no assurance that 
sufficient funds will be available for such renovations or that such renovations will result in improvements to 
occupancy or operating performance. 
A decline in the real estate market or in the financial condition of a major tenant will tend to have a more immediate 
effect on the net operating income of properties with relatively higher operating leverage or short term revenue 
sources, such as short term or month-to-month leases, and may lead to higher rates of delinquency or defaults. To 
the extent that the mortgage assets forming part or all of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral is a commercial 
mortgage loan, any or all of the foregoing may result in a diminution in value of the Mortgage Repo Class 
Collateral, resulting in proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for 
Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). 
Risks Relating to Servicers, Master Servicers and Special Servicers 
Commercial mortgage loans will have a primary servicer, and may have a master servicer and one or more special 
servicers. The master servicer, if applicable, oversees the primary servicing and may be required to made servicing 
advances and perform certain reporting and management obligations. A special servicer typically is appointed when 
a commercial mortgage loan is in default or is at imminent risk of default. The special servicer is appointed to 
manage the loan, enforce the rights of the lenders, and to make modifications and undertake other loss mitigation 
activities.  
Each such servicer or any of their respective affiliates may have interests when dealing with the commercial 
mortgage loans that are in conflict with those of the LLP, especially if such servicer or any of their respective 
affiliates has a financial interest in the same commercial mortgage loan or another loan to the related borrower or an 
affiliate thereof (such as a loan), or has other financial interests in or financial dealings with a borrower or a 
borrower sponsor. In particular, a conflict of interest may arise if any special servicer or its affiliate holds a related 
subordinate interest or mezzanine loan. Such a special servicer might seek to reduce the potential for losses allocable 
to such subordinate interest or mezzanine loan by deferring acceleration in hope of maximizing future proceeds. 
However, that action could result in less proceeds than would be realized if earlier action had been taken.

--- Page 81 ---
75 
Commercial mortgage loan servicers are expected to service, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, 
existing and new commercial mortgage loans for third parties, including portfolios of commercial mortgage loans 
similar to the commercial mortgage assets that may form part or all of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. The real 
properties securing these other commercial mortgage loans may be in the same markets as, and compete with, 
certain of the mortgaged properties securing the commercial mortgage assets that may form part or all of the 
Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. Consequently, personnel of such servicers may perform services with respect to the 
commercial mortgage assets at the same time as they are performing services, on behalf of other persons, with 
respect to other commercial mortgage loans secured by properties that compete with the mortgaged properties 
securing the commercial mortgage assets. A special servicer may enter into one or more arrangements with its 
appointing party or an affiliate to provide for a discount and/or revenue sharing with respect to certain of the special 
servicer compensation in consideration of, among other things, such special servicer's appointment (or continuance) 
as special servicer. 
The LLP will not have advance knowledge of any such possible conflicts or, as described below, in most cases any 
ability to control any such appointments or to terminate them. 
Risks Relating to the LLP's Lack of Control 
Commercial mortgage loans, other than those that have a single lender, generally will specify the circumstances in 
which one or more persons who is empowered to make certain decisions and to give or withhold consent for certain 
actions. For convenience, the person or persons holding these rights are herein referred to as a directing party. The 
directing party for each commercial mortgage asset will have consent and consultation rights with respect to certain 
matters relating to the commercial mortgage loans and may have the right to appoint and replace the servicer. The 
decision rights by the directing party generally include, among others, certain consent rights for modifications to the 
commercial mortgage loans, including modifications of monetary terms, foreclosure or comparable conversion of 
the related mortgaged properties, and certain sales of mortgage loans or REO properties for less than the outstanding 
principal amount plus accrued interest, fees and expenses. As a result of the exercise of these rights by the directing 
party, the applicable servicer may take actions with respect to a commercial mortgage asset that could adversely 
affect the interests of other parties, including the Underlying Seller and thus the Seller and the LLP. 
The LLP generally will not be a directing party and will not have a right to vote and will not have the right to make 
decisions with respect to the administration of any commercial mortgage loans or commercial mortgage assets. 
Those decisions are generally made by the applicable servicer, master servicer and, if applicable, the special 
servicer, subject to any rights of any directing party. Even if the directing party with respect to one or more 
commercial mortgage assets were the Underlying Seller, the Underlying Seller Documents typically would not 
transfer the directing holder rights to the Bank as buyer for so long as the Underlying Seller is in compliance with 
the Underlying Seller Documents. If the Underlying Seller defaults and the Bank, as buyer, forecloses on its interest 
in the commercial mortgage asset, the agreements governing the asset may permit or require the transfer the 
directing party rights to another party (other than the Bank). Even if the directing party rights with respect to a 
commercial mortgage asset are held by the Bank as described above, the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement 
does not transfer such directing holder rights to the LLP for so long as the Bank as Seller is in compliance with the 
Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement. In connection with the exercise of remedies by the Collateral Agent 
following an Acceleration Event, it is expected that the Collateral Agent would seek to dispose of the commercial 
mortgage asset in accordance with the Mortgage Repo Security Agreement, rather than have the LLP hold and 
substantively exercise any directing party rights. 
Where the commercial mortgage asset is in the form of a pari passu senior note, the holder of that note may not have 
the sole, or any, control or consent rights to the whole loan. The holders of companion pari passu senior notes may 
have sole control or consent rights, or consultation rights (generally on a non-binding basis) with respect to major 
decisions and implementation of any recommended actions relating to the whole loan, under the related intercreditor 
agreement. Such companion pari passu senior note holder and its representative may have interests in conflict with 
those of the holders of the commercial mortgage asset forming part or all of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, 
and may direct or advise, as applicable, the applicable servicer to take actions that conflict with the interests of such 
holders. No assurance can be given that the exercise of the rights of such companion holder will not delay any action 
to be taken by the applicable servicer and will not adversely affect the holders of the commercial mortgage asset 
forming part or all of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. With respect to commercial mortgage loans that have

--- Page 82 ---
76 
mezzanine debt, the related mezzanine lender generally will have the right under certain limited circumstances to 
cure certain defaults or purchase the related commercial mortgage loan, and to approve certain modifications and 
consent to certain actions to be taken with respect to the related mortgage loan. No assurance can be given that the 
exercise of the rights of such a mezzanine lender will not delay any action to be taken by the applicable servicer and 
will not adversely affect the holders of the commercial mortgage asset forming part or all of the Mortgage Repo 
Class Collateral. 
Risks Relating to Participation Interests 
Certain of the commercial mortgage assets may be in the form of senior or pari passu senior participation interests. 
A participation agreement governs the relationship between the issuer of the participation interest (generally, a direct 
lender on the underlying commercial mortgage loan) and the holder of that participation interest. Unless the holder 
of a participation interest is the lead lender, such holder will not have direct contractual privity with the borrower 
under the related note, and may be exposed to the insolvency risk of the lead lender that sold the participation as 
well as to the borrower. Pursuant to the related participation agreement, the holders of the participations generally 
will agree that they will assign their rights to file an involuntary bankruptcy proceeding with respect to the related 
borrower to the lead lender (or the applicable Lender on its behalf) and that such party will have all rights to direct 
all actions relating to the bankruptcy of the related borrower other than voting on a plan of reorganization, which is 
determined by the controlling participant under the participation agreements.  
Commercial Mortgage Loans Are Non-Recourse and Are Not Insured or Guaranteed 
The mortgage assets represented by commercial mortgage loans are not insured or guaranteed by any person or 
entity, governmental or otherwise, and the underlying commercial mortgage loans are similarly not insured or 
guaranteed by any person or entity, governmental or otherwise. Each commercial mortgage loan is, or should be, 
regarded as a non-recourse loan, secured only by the related property and the net operating income that it generates 
and not benefiting from any mortgage or government insurance, or secondary obligors to support the credit. If a 
default occurs on a non-recourse loan, recourse generally may be had only against the specific mortgaged properties 
and other assets that have been pledged to secure the mortgage loan. Consequently, payment prior to maturity is 
dependent primarily on the sufficiency of the net operating income of the mortgaged property. Payment at maturity 
is primarily dependent upon the market value of the mortgaged property or the borrower's ability to refinance or sell 
the mortgaged property. 
Although commercial mortgage loans generally are non-recourse in nature, certain commercial mortgage loans may 
contain non-recourse carveouts for liabilities such as liabilities as a result of fraud by the borrower, certain voluntary 
insolvency proceedings or other matters. These obligations may be guaranteed by an affiliate of the related borrower, 
although liability under any such guaranty may be capped or otherwise limited in amount or scope. Furthermore, 
certain guarantors may be foreign entities or individuals which, while subject to the domestic governing law 
provisions in the guaranty and related mortgage loan documents, could nevertheless require enforcement of any 
judgment in relation to a guaranty in a foreign jurisdiction, which could, in turn, cause a significant time delay or 
result in the inability to enforce the guaranty under foreign law. Additionally, the guarantor's net worth and liquidity 
may be less (and in some cases, materially less) than amounts due under the related mortgage loan or the guarantor's 
sole asset may be its interest in the related borrower. Certain commercial mortgage loans may have the benefit of a 
general payment guaranty of a portion of the indebtedness under the mortgage loan. In all cases, however, the 
commercial mortgage loans should be considered to be non-recourse obligations because neither the LLP nor the 
Bank as Seller or Issuer makes any representation or warranty as to the obligation or ability of any borrower or 
guarantor to pay any deficiencies between any foreclosure proceeds and the mortgage loan indebtedness. Any of the 
foregoing may result in a diminution in value of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, resulting in proceeds 
insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking 
(Mortgage Repo). 
Risks Relating to Adjustable Rate Commercial Mortgage Assets and LIBOR  
Certain of the mortgage assets represented by commercial mortgage loans may bear interest at adjustable rates based 
on the London interbank offered rate ("LIBOR") and therefore, the amount of debt service payments on the related 
mortgage loans will increase as interest rates rise. In contrast, rental and other income on the related properties is not

--- Page 83 ---
77 
expected to adjust as quickly as interest rates rise. Accordingly, debt service coverage ratios of the affected 
mortgage loans generally will be affected adversely by rising interest rates, and a borrower's ability to make all 
payments due on such mortgage loans may be adversely affected.  Rapid and significant fluctuations in LIBOR may 
magnify the effect of such mismatches. 
In addition, regulators and law-enforcement agencies from a number of governments have conducted and continue 
to conduct civil and criminal investigations into whether the banks that contributed to the calculation of daily 
LIBOR may have underreported or otherwise manipulated or attempted to manipulate LIBOR and certain financial 
institutions admitted to submitting rates to be used to determine LIBOR that were lower than the actual rates at 
which such financial institutions could borrow funds from other banks. The LIBOR investigations have led to a 
reformation of LIBOR and the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom noted its intention not to sustain 
LIBOR beyond the end of 2021.  It is possible that the LIBOR administrator and the panel banks could continue to 
produce LIBOR on the current basis after 2021. However, there is no assurance that LIBOR will be available in its 
current form, or at all, after 2021.  The uncertainty as to whether LIBOR will survive in its current form or at all 
may lead to adverse market conditions.  
Risks Relating to Hedges 
Certain of the commercial mortgage loans may benefit from the borrower thereunder entering into hedge contracts. 
For commercial mortgage loans with a floating interest rate, these hedging contracts typically are in the form of 
interest rate floors or caps to protect the borrower's obligation to make floating rate interest payments due under the 
related note, in which case the benefit of the payments from the hedge counterparty would typically be distributed in 
accordance with the loan documents, or may be held in an account as to which the mortgagee has rights. For 
commercial mortgage loans with a fixed interest rate, these hedging contracts typically are in the form of fixed to 
floating interest rate derivatives obtained by the mortgagee and designed to protect it against the borrower's 
obligation to make interest payments under the related note. The benefit of the payments from the hedge 
counterparty are retained by the mortgagee, and are not the subject of any collateral assignment. Solely to the extent 
available to the Underlying Seller under the Underlying Seller Documents, any benefit of hedge contracts obtained 
by the borrower (and to the payments thereon) are collaterally assigned by the Underlying Seller to the Seller, as 
buyer. In turn, the Seller's rights with respect to such hedge contracts are part of the collateral assignment under the 
related Mortgage Repo Transaction. Accordingly, while the LLP will benefit from payments made in connection 
with any such hedges as a result of the chain of collateral assignments, it will not have any direct rights to collect 
funds or to take action against the hedge counterparty, nor will the Collateral Agent be entitled to do so in 
connection with the exercise of remedies because the hedge agreements are not generally subject to an outright 
assignment to the Underlying Seller, Seller, LLP or the Collateral Agent. The Seller does not rely upon the value of 
the hedge contracts when determining the value of the related commercial mortgage loan. The terms of these hedge 
contracts are not reviewed by the LLP, the Collateral Agent or the Mortgage Custodian, and compliance with their 
terms is monitored by the Seller and not by the LLP, the Collateral Agent or the Mortgage Custodian. There is a risk 
that the benefit of the hedge contracts will not be available to the LLP or the Collateral Agent because the contract 
has expired or been terminated, the contract has been modified, the counterparty has refused or is unable to make 
payments thereunder, or the collateral assignments are not recognised by the counterparty. In addition, there can be 
no assurance that any such hedge contract provides the underlying borrower (and therefore its collateral assignees, 
including the LLP and the Collateral Agent) a net cash benefit, because the amount payable by the hedge 
counterparty to the borrower could be zero (and, in some cases, a negative amount meaning that an amount is 
payable by the borrower to the hedge counterparty). The pricing of the hedge contract and the movement of interest 
rates may put the contract in-the-money or out-of-the-money on any day. In addition, in the event LIBOR is no 
longer available as described in "Risks Relating to Adjustable Rate Commercial Mortgage Assets and LIBOR" 
above, a borrower may not be able to extend the terms of its mortgage loan because the borrower may not be able to 
extend or replace a hedge contract that it is required to maintain under the related loan agreement. As a result, the 
borrower would be required to repay its mortgage loan and may be unable to do so. 
Risks Relating to Ownership Rights related to Certain Commercial Properties 
Some of the commercial mortgage loans that could be Eligible Assets may be secured by a mortgage on the 
borrower's leasehold interest under a ground lease or sub ground lease. Leasehold mortgage loans are subject to 
some risks not associated with mortgage loans secured by a lien on the fee estate of the borrower. The most

--- Page 84 ---
78 
significant of these risks is that if the borrower's leasehold were to be terminated upon a lease default, the leasehold 
mortgagee would lose its security.  In addition, certain of the ground leases may not prohibit the ground lessor and 
the ground lessee from modifying the terms of the ground lease. If a ground lease does not contain such a 
prohibition, there can be no assurance that the terms of the ground lease will not be modified in a manner that would 
materially and adversely affect the rights of the mortgagee or the value of the related collateral. 
Some of the commercial mortgage loans that could be Eligible Assets may be secured by a mortgage on a property 
in a condominium regime. Due to the nature of condominiums, a default on the part of the related borrower will not 
allow the mortgagee the same flexibility in realizing on the collateral as is generally available with respect to 
commercial properties that are not condominiums. If a property does not consist of the entire condominium regime, 
the related borrower may not have a majority of the voting rights in the related condominium or owners' association, 
and in such case, such borrower would not have any control over decisions made by the related board of managers 
or directors. Decisions made by that board of managers or directors, including regarding assessments to be paid by 
the unit owners, insurance to be maintained on the condominium and many other decisions affecting the 
maintenance of that condominium, may have a significant impact on the related mortgage loans. In certain instances, 
the condominium board may have rights that are senior to the rights of the mortgagee, including the right to control 
in certain situations the proceeds of a condemnation of a portion of the related property. This right could materially 
adversely affect the borrower's ability to meet its obligations under the related mortgage loan depending on the use 
of the condemnation proceeds by the related condominium board. 
Performance of Retail, Office and Industrial Properties is Highly Dependent on the Performance of Tenants and 
Leases 
The income from, and market value of, commercial properties leased to various tenants would be adversely affected 
if space at such properties could not be leased or re-leased; if the property is re-leased at a rental rate significantly 
below the rental rate paid by the tenant at the space at origination; if tenants were unable to meet their lease 
obligations, if a significant tenant were to become a debtor in a bankruptcy case; or if rental payments could not be 
collected for any other reason.  Certain of the tenants (which may include significant tenants) may have lease 
expiration dates that occur prior to, or shortly after, the maturity date of the related mortgage loan. Any vacant space 
may cause the related property to be less desirable to other potential tenants. Even if vacated space is successfully 
relet, the costs associated with reletting, including tenant improvements and leasing commissions, could be 
substantial and could reduce cash flow from the properties.  
These factors, among others, may adversely affect the cash flow generating monthly payments for the related 
mortgage loans. We cannot assure you that (i) leases that expire can be renewed, (ii) the space covered by leases that 
expire or are terminated can be re-leased in a timely manner at comparable rents or on comparable terms or (iii) the 
related borrower will have the cash or be able to obtain the financing to fund any required tenant improvements. 
Any of the foregoing may result in a diminution in value of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, resulting in 
proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP 
Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). 
Office Properties Have Special Risks 
In addition to the factors discussed herein, other factors may adversely affect the financial performance and value of 
commercial mortgage loans relating to office properties, including: the physical attributes of the building in relation 
to competing buildings (e.g., age, condition, design, appearance, access to transportation and ability to offer certain 
amenities, such as sophisticated building systems and/or business wiring requirements); the adaptability of the 
building to changes in the technological needs of the tenants; an adverse change in population, patterns of 
telecommuting or sharing of office space, and employment growth (which creates demand for office space); and in 
the case of a medical office property, (a) the proximity of such property to a hospital or other healthcare 
establishment, (b) reimbursements for patient fees from private or government sponsored insurers, (c) its ability to 
attract doctors and nurses to be on staff, and (d) its ability to afford and acquire the latest medical equipment. Issues 
related to reimbursement (ranging from nonpayment to delays in payment) from such insurers could adversely 
impact cash flow at such mortgaged property. Moreover, the cost of refitting office space for a new tenant is often 
higher than the cost of refitting other types of properties for new tenants. If one or more major tenants at a particular 
office property were to close or the property to remain vacant, no assurance can be given that such tenants would be

--- Page 85 ---
79 
replaced in a timely manner or without incurring material additional costs resulting in an adverse effect on the 
financial performance of the property. Any of the foregoing may result in a diminution in value of the Mortgage 
Repo Class Collateral to the extent the same is or is related to a commercial mortgage loan on an office property, 
resulting in proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under 
the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). 
Retail Properties Have Special Risks 
Some commercial mortgage loans may be secured by retail properties. The value of retail properties is significantly 
affected by the quality of the tenants as well as fundamental aspects of real estate, such as location and market 
demographics, as well as changes in shopping methods and choices. Rental payments from tenants of retail 
properties typically comprise the largest portion of the net operating income of those mortgaged properties. The 
correlation between success of tenant business and a retail property's value may be more direct with respect to retail 
properties than other types of commercial property because a component of the total rent paid by certain retail 
tenants is often tied to a percentage of gross sales.  
Online shopping and the use of technology, such as smartphone shopping applications, to transact purchases or to 
aid purchasing decisions have increased in recent years and are expected to continue to increase in the future. This 
trend is affecting business models, sales and profitability of some retailers and could adversely affect the demand for 
retail real estate and occupancy at retail properties securing the related commercial mortgage loans. Any resulting 
decreases in rental revenue could have a material adverse effect on the value of retail properties securing the related 
commercial mortgage loans. Some of these developments in the retail sector have led to retail companies, including 
several national retailers, filing for bankruptcy and/or voluntarily closing certain of their stores. Borrowers may be 
unable to re-lease such space or to re-lease it on comparable or more favourable terms. As a result, the bankruptcy or 
closure of a national tenant may adversely affect a retail borrower's revenues. In addition, such closings may allow 
other tenants to modify their leases to terms that are less favourable for borrowers or to terminate their leases, also 
adversely impacting their revenues. In addition to competition from online shopping, retail properties face 
competition from sources outside a specific geographical real estate market. For example, all of the following 
compete with more traditional retail properties for consumer dollars: factory outlet centres, discount shopping 
centres and clubs, catalog retailers, home shopping networks, and telemarketing. Continued growth of these 
alternative retail outlets (which often have lower operating costs) could adversely affect the rents collectible at the 
retail properties the subject of commercial mortgage loans, as well as the income from, and market value of, the 
mortgaged properties and the related borrower's ability to refinance such property.  
Retail properties are also subject to conditions that could negatively affect the retail sector, such as increased 
unemployment, increased federal income and payroll taxes, increased health care costs, increased state and local 
taxes, increased real estate taxes, industry slowdowns, lack of availability of consumer credit, weak income growth, 
increased levels of consumer debt, poor housing market conditions, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, 
plant closings, and other factors. Similarly, local real estate conditions, such as an oversupply of, or a reduction in 
demand for, retail space or retail goods, and the supply and creditworthiness of current and prospective tenants may 
negatively impact those retail properties. In addition, the limited adaptability of certain shopping malls that have 
proven unprofitable may result in high (and possibly extremely high) loss severities on commercial mortgage loans 
secured by those shopping malls.  
The presence or absence of an "anchor tenant" or a "shadow anchor tenant" in or near a retail property also can be 
important to the performance of a retail property because anchors play a key role in generating customer traffic and 
making a retail property desirable for other tenants. Retail properties may also have shadow anchor tenants. An 
"anchor tenant" is located on the related mortgaged property, usually proportionately larger in size than most or all 
other tenants at the mortgaged property, and is vital in attracting customers to a retail property. A "shadow anchor 
tenant" is usually proportionally larger in size than most tenants at the mortgaged property, is important in attracting 
customers to a retail property and is located sufficiently close and convenient to the mortgaged property so as to 
influence and attract potential customers, but is not located on the mortgaged property. If anchor stores in a 
mortgaged property were to close, the related borrower may be unable to replace those anchor tenants in a timely 
manner or without suffering adverse economic consequences. In addition, anchor tenants and non-anchor tenants at 
anchored or shadow anchored retail centres may have co-tenancy clauses and/or operating covenants in their leases 
or operating agreements that permit those tenants or anchor stores to cease operating, reduce rent or terminate their

--- Page 86 ---
80 
leases if the anchor or shadow anchor tenant goes dark or if the subject store is not meeting the minimum sales 
requirement under its lease. Even if non-anchor tenants do not have termination or rent abatement rights, the loss of 
an anchor tenant or a shadow anchor tenant may have a material adverse impact on the non-anchor tenant's ability to 
operate because the anchor or shadow anchor tenant plays a key role in generating customer traffic and making a 
centre desirable for other tenants. This, in turn, may adversely impact the borrower's ability to meet its obligations 
under the related mortgage loan. In addition, in the event that a shadow anchor tenant fails to renew its lease, 
terminates its lease or otherwise ceases to conduct business within a close proximity to the mortgaged property, 
customer traffic at the mortgaged property may be substantially reduced. If an anchor tenant goes dark, generally the 
borrower's only remedy may be to terminate that lease after the anchor tenant has been dark for a specified amount 
of time.  
Any of the foregoing may result in a diminution in value of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral to the extent the 
same is or is related to a commercial mortgage loan on a retail property, resulting in proceeds insufficient to meet all 
the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). 
Hotel Properties Have Special Risks 
Some particular risk factors may adversely affect the financial performance and value of commercial mortgage loans 
on hotel properties, including: adverse economic and social conditions, either local, regional or national (which may 
limit the amount that can be charged for a room and reduce occupancy levels); continuing expenditures for 
modernizing, refurbishing and maintaining existing facilities prior to the expiration of their anticipated useful lives; 
ability to convert to alternative uses which may not be readily made; a deterioration in the financial strength or 
managerial capabilities of the owner or operator of a hotel property; changes in travel patterns caused by general 
adverse economic conditions, fear of terrorist attacks, adverse weather conditions and changes in access, energy 
prices, strikes, travel costs, relocation of highways, the construction of additional highways, concerns about travel 
safety or other factors; relative illiquidity of hospitality investments which limits the ability of the borrowers and 
property managers to respond to changes in economic or other conditions; and competition. Because hotel rooms are 
generally rented for short periods of time, the financial performance of hotel properties tends to be affected by 
adverse economic conditions and competition more quickly than other commercial properties. Additionally, as a 
result of high operating costs, relatively small decreases in revenue can cause significant stress on a property's cash 
flow. Moreover, the hospitality and lodging industry is generally seasonal in nature and different seasons affect 
different hotel properties differently depending on type and location. his seasonality can be expected to cause 
periodic fluctuations in a hotel property's room and restaurant revenues, occupancy levels, room rates and operating 
expenses. In addition, certain hotel properties are limited service, select service or extended stay hotels. Hotel 
properties that are limited service, select service or extended stay hotels may subject a lender to more risk than full 
service hotel properties as they generally require less capital for construction than full service hotel properties. In 
addition, as limited service, select service or extended stay hotels generally offer fewer amenities than full service 
hotel properties, they are less distinguishable from each other. As a result, it is easier for limited service, select 
service or extended stay hotels to experience increased or unforeseen competition.  
There also may be risks associated with hotel properties that have not entered into or become a party to any 
franchise agreement, license agreement or other "flag". Hotel properties often enter into these types of agreements in 
order to align the hotel property with a certain public perception or to benefit from a centralised reservation system. 
However, the performance of a hotel property affiliated with a franchise or hotel management company depends in 
part on: the continued existence and financial strength of the franchisor or hotel management company; the public 
perception of the franchise or hotel chain service mark; and the duration of the franchise licensing or management 
agreements. The continuation of a franchise agreement, license agreement or management agreement is subject to 
specified operating standards and other terms and conditions set forth in such agreements. The failure of a borrower 
to maintain such standards or adhere to other applicable terms and conditions, such as property improvement plans, 
could result in the loss or cancellation of their rights under the franchise, license or hotel management agreement. A 
replacement franchise, license and/or hotel property manager may require significantly higher fees as well as the 
investment of capital to bring the hotel property into compliance with the requirements of the replacement 
franchisor, licensor and/or hotel property manager. Any provision in a franchise agreement, license agreement or 
management agreement providing for termination because of a bankruptcy of a franchisor, licensor or manager 
generally will not be enforceable. The transferability of franchise agreements, license agreements and property 
management agreements may be restricted.

--- Page 87 ---
81 
Any of the foregoing may result in a diminution in value of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral to the extent the 
same is or is related to a commercial mortgage loan on a hotel property, resulting in proceeds insufficient to meet all 
the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). 
Self Storage Properties Have Special Risks 
Some particular risk factors may adversely affect the financial performance and value of commercial mortgage loans 
on self storage properties, including: decreased demand; lack of proximity to apartment complexes or commercial 
users; apartment tenants moving to single family homes; decline in services rendered, including security; 
dependence on business activity ancillary to renting units; security concerns; age of improvements; or competition 
or other factors. Self storage properties are considered particularly vulnerable to competition because both 
acquisition costs and break even occupancy are relatively low. The conversion of self storage facilities to alternative 
uses would generally require substantial capital expenditures. Thus, if the operation of any self storage properties 
becomes unprofitable, the liquidation value of that self storage mortgaged property may be substantially less, 
relative to the amount owing on the mortgage loan, than if the self storage mortgaged property were readily 
adaptable to other uses. In addition, storage units are typically engaged for shorter time frames than traditional 
commercial leases for office or retail space. Tenants at self storage properties tend to require and receive privacy, 
anonymity and efficient access, each of which may heighten environmental and other risks related to such property 
as the borrower may be unaware of the contents in any self storage unit. Certain commercial mortgage loans secured 
by self storage properties may be affiliated with a franchise company through a franchise agreement. The 
performance of a self storage property affiliated with a franchise company may be affected by the continued 
existence and financial strength of the franchisor, the public perception of a service mark, and the duration of the 
franchise agreement. The transferability of franchise license agreements is restricted. In addition, certain self storage 
properties may derive a material portion of revenue from business activities ancillary to self storage such as truck 
rentals, parking fees and similar activities which require special use permits or other discretionary zoning approvals 
and/or from leasing a portion of the subject property for office or retail purposes Any of the foregoing may result in 
a diminution in value of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral to the extent the same is or is related to a commercial 
mortgage loan on a hotel property, resulting in proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment 
Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). 
Multifamily Properties Have Special Risks 
Some particular risk factors may adversely affect the financial performance and value of commercial mortgage loans 
on multifamily properties, including: the quality of property management; the ability of management to provide 
adequate maintenance and insurance; the types of services or amenities that the property provides; the property's 
reputation; the level of mortgage interest rates, which may encourage tenants to purchase rather than lease housing; 
the generally short terms of residential leases and the need for continued re-letting; rent concessions and month to 
month leases, which may impact cash flow at the property; the tenant mix, such as the tenant population being 
predominantly students or being heavily dependent on workers from a particular business or industry or personnel 
from or workers related to a local military base or oil and/or gas drilling industries; in the case of student housing 
facilities or properties leased primarily to students, which may be more susceptible to damage or wear and tear than 
other types of multifamily housing, the reliance on the financial well being of the college or university to which it 
relates, competition from on campus housing units, which may adversely affect occupancy, the physical layout of 
the housing, which may not be readily convertible to traditional multifamily use, and that student tenants have a 
higher turnover rate than other types of multifamily tenants, which in certain cases is compounded by the fact that 
student leases are available for periods of less than 12 months; certain multifamily properties may be considered to 
be "flexible apartment properties". Such properties have a significant percentage of units leased to tenants under 
short term leases (less than one year in term), which creates a higher turnover rate than for other types of 
multifamily properties; restrictions on the age or income of tenants who may reside at the property; dependence 
upon governmental programs that provide rent subsidies to tenants pursuant to tenant voucher programs, which 
vouchers may be used at other properties and influence tenant mobility; adverse local, regional or national economic 
conditions, which may limit the amount of rent that may be charged and may result in a reduction of timely rent 
payments or a reduction in occupancy levels; state and local regulations, which may affect the building owner's 
ability to increase rent to market rent for an equivalent apartment; and the existence of government assistance/rent 
subsidy programs, and whether or not they continue and provide the same level of assistance or subsidies.

--- Page 88 ---
82 
Certain states regulate the relationship between an owner and its tenants. Commonly, these laws require a written 
lease, good cause for eviction, disclosure of fees, and notification to residents of changed land use, while prohibiting 
unreasonable rules, retaliatory evictions, and restrictions on a resident's choice of unit vendors. Apartment building 
owners have been the subject of suits under state Unfair and Deceptive Practices Acts and other general consumer 
protection statutes for coercive, abusive or unconscionable leasing and sales practices. A few states offer more 
significant protection. For example, in some states, there are provisions that limit the bases on which a landlord may 
terminate a tenancy or increase a tenant's rent or prohibit a landlord from terminating a tenancy solely by reason of 
the sale of the owner's building. In addition to state regulation of the landlord tenant relationship, numerous counties 
and municipalities impose rent control on apartment buildings. These ordinances may limit rent increases to fixed 
percentages, to percentages of increases in the consumer price index, to increases set or approved by a governmental 
agency, or to increases determined through mediation or binding arbitration. Any limitations on a borrower's ability 
to raise property rents may impair such borrower's ability to repay its multifamily loan from its net operating income 
or the proceeds of a sale or refinancing of the related multifamily property.  
Certain of the commercial mortgage loans may be secured by properties that are subject to certain affordable 
housing covenants and other covenants and restrictions with respect to various tax credit, city, state and federal 
housing subsidies, rent stabilization or similar programs, in respect of various units within the mortgaged properties. 
The limitations and restrictions imposed by these programs could result in losses on such commercial mortgage 
loans. In addition, in the event that the program is cancelled, it could result in less income for the project. These 
programs may include, among others: rent limitations that would adversely affect the ability of borrowers to increase 
rents to maintain the condition of their mortgaged properties and satisfy operating expenses; tenant income 
restrictions that may reduce the number of eligible tenants in those mortgaged properties and result in a reduction in 
occupancy rates; and with respect to residential cooperative properties, restrictions on the sale price for which units 
may be re-sold. The difference in rents between subsidised or supported properties and other multifamily rental 
properties in the same area may not be a sufficient economic incentive for some eligible tenants to reside at a 
subsidised or supported property that may have fewer amenities or be less attractive as a residence. As a result, 
occupancy levels at a subsidised or supported property may decline, which may adversely affect the value and 
successful operation of such property. Certain multifamily properties may be residential cooperative buildings and 
the land under any such building is owned or leased by a non-profit residential cooperative corporation. The 
cooperative owns all the units in the building and all common areas. Its tenants own stock, shares or membership 
certificates in the corporation. This ownership entitles the tenant-stockholders to proprietary leases or occupancy 
agreements which confer exclusive rights to occupy specific units. Generally, the tenant-stockholders make monthly 
maintenance payments which represent their share of the cooperative corporation's mortgage loan payments, real 
property taxes, reserve contributions and capital expenditures, maintenance and other expenses, less any income the 
corporation may receive. These payments are in addition to any payments of principal and interest the tenant-
stockholder may be required to make on any loans secured by its shares in the cooperative. 
Any of the foregoing may result in a diminution in value of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral to the extent the 
same is or is related to a commercial mortgage loan on a multifamily property, resulting in proceeds insufficient to 
meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage 
Repo). 
Manufactured Housing Community Properties Have Special Risks 
Some particular risk factors may adversely affect the financial performance and value of commercial mortgage loans 
on manufactured housing community properties, including: the number of competing residential developments in 
the local market, such as other manufactured housing community properties, apartment buildings and site built 
single family homes; the physical attributes of the community, including its age and appearance; the location of the 
manufactured housing property; the presence and/or continued presence of sufficient manufactured homes at the 
manufactured housing property (manufactured homes are not generally part of the collateral for a mortgage loan 
secured by a manufactured housing property; rather, the pads upon which manufactured homes are located are 
leased to the owners of such manufactured homes; accordingly, manufactured homes may be moved from a 
manufactured housing property); the type of services or amenities it provides; any age restrictions; the property's 
reputation; and state and local regulations, including rent control and rent stabilization, and tenant association rights. 
Manufactured housing community properties may have few improvements (which are highly specialised) and may 
be single-purpose properties that could not be readily converted to general residential, retail or office use. Some

--- Page 89 ---
83 
manufactured housing community properties may be either recreational vehicle resorts or have a significant portion 
of the properties that are intended to accommodate short term occupancy by recreational vehicles, and tenancy of 
these communities may vary significantly by season. This seasonality may cause periodic fluctuations in revenues, 
tenancy levels, rental rates and operating expenses for these properties. Certain of the manufactured housing 
community mortgaged properties may not be connected in their entirety to public water and/or sewer systems. In 
such cases, the borrower could incur a substantial expense if it were required to connect the property to such systems 
in the future. In addition, the use of well water enhances the likelihood that the property could be adversely affected 
by a recognised environmental condition that impacts soil and groundwater. Certain jurisdictions may give the 
related homeowner's association or even individual homeowners a right of first refusal with respect to a proposed 
sale of the manufactured housing community property. Any of the foregoing may result in a diminution in value of 
the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral to the extent the same is or is related to a commercial mortgage loan on a 
manufactured housing community property, resulting in proceeds insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo 
Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). 
Industrial Properties, Including Cold Storage Facilities, Have Special Risks 
Some particular risk factors may adversely affect the financial performance and value of commercial mortgage loans 
on industrial properties, including: reduced demand for industrial space because of a decline in a particular industry 
segment; the property becoming functionally obsolete; building design and adaptability; unavailability of labour 
sources; changes in access, energy prices, strikes, relocation of highways, the construction of additional highways or 
other factors; changes in proximity of supply sources; the expenses of converting a previously adapted space to 
general use; and the location of the property. Industrial properties may be adversely affected by reduced demand for 
industrial space occasioned by a decline in a particular industry segment in which the related tenants conduct their 
businesses (for example, a decline in consumer demand for products sold by a tenant using the property as a 
distribution centre). In addition, a particular industrial or warehouse property that suited the needs of its original 
tenant may be difficult to re-let to another tenant or may become functionally obsolete relative to newer properties. 
In addition, mortgaged properties used for many industrial purposes are more prone to environmental concerns than 
other property types. Aspects of building site design and adaptability affect the value of an industrial property. Site 
characteristics that are generally desirable to a warehouse/industrial property include high clear ceiling heights, wide 
column spacing, a large number of bays (loading docks) and large bay depths, divisibility, a layout that can 
accommodate large truck minimum turning radii and overall functionality and accessibility. In addition, because of 
unique construction requirements of many industrial properties, any vacant industrial property space may not be 
easily converted to other uses. Thus, if the operation of any of the industrial properties becomes unprofitable due to 
competition, age of the improvements or other factors such that the borrower becomes unable to meet its obligations 
on the related commercial mortgage loan, the liquidation value of that industrial property may be substantially less, 
relative to the amount owing on the related mortgage loan, than would be the case if the industrial property were 
readily adaptable to other uses. Location is also important because an industrial property requires the availability of 
labour sources, proximity to supply sources and customers and accessibility to rail lines, major roadways and other 
distribution channels. Further, certain of the industrial properties may have tenants that are subject to risks unique to 
their business, such as cold storage facilities. Cold storage facilities may have unique risks such as short lease terms 
due to seasonal use, making income potentially more volatile than for properties with longer term leases, and 
customised refrigeration design, rendering such facilities less readily convertible to alternative uses. Any of the 
foregoing may result in a diminution in value of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral to the extent the same is or is 
related to a commercial mortgage loan on an industrial property, resulting in proceeds insufficient to meet all the 
Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo). 
Mixed Use Properties Have Special Risks 
Certain of the properties underlying commercial mortgage assests may be mixed use properties. Mixed use 
properties are subject to the risks relating to the property types comprising the mix. For example, office and retail 
properties may be combined into a mixed use property that is exposed to the risks of both office and retail 
properties. A mixed use property may be subject to additional risks as a result of layering the types, for example 
where poor tenancy performance in the multi-family portion of a mixed use property contributes to decreased 
performance in the retail portion of that mixed use property. These risks can be exacerbated by other risks including 
the property manager having limited or no experience in managing the different property types that comprise such 
mixed use property. Any of the foregoing may result in a diminution in value of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral

--- Page 90 ---
84 
to the extent the same is or is related to a commercial mortgage loan on a mixed use property, resulting in proceeds 
insufficient to meet all the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts that are Due for Payment under the LLP Undertaking 
(Mortgage Repo).

--- Page 91 ---
85 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus and certain documents incorporated by reference herein contain certain forward- looking 
statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 
27A of the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to the Barclays Bank Group. The Bank cautions 
readers that no forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance and that actual results or other 
financial condition or performance measures could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking 
statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate only to historical 
or current facts. Forward-looking statements sometimes use words such as "may", "will", "seek", "continue", "aim", 
"anticipate", "target", "projected", "expect", "estimate", "intend", "plan", "goal", "believe", "achieve" or other words 
of similar meaning. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements or guidance 
regarding or relating to the Barclays Bank Group's future financial position, income growth, assets, impairment 
charges, provisions, business strategy, capital, leverage and other regulatory ratios, capital distributions (including 
dividend payout ratios and expected payment strategies), projected levels of growth in the banking and financial 
markets, projected costs or savings, any commitments and targets, estimates of capital expenditures, plans and 
objectives for future operations, projected employee numbers, IFRS impacts and other statements that are not 
historical fact.  
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and 
circumstances. The forward-looking statements speak only as at the date on which they are made. Forward-looking 
statements may be affected by changes in legislation, the development of standards and interpretations under IFRS, 
including evolving practices with regard to the interpretation and application of accounting and regulatory standards, 
the outcome of current and future legal proceedings and regulatory investigations, future levels of conduct 
provisions, the policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities, the Barclays Bank Group's ability 
along with governments and other stakeholders to measure, manage and mitigate the impacts of climate change 
effectively, geopolitical risks and the impact of competition. In addition, factors including (but not limited to) the 
following may have an effect: capital, leverage and other regulatory rules applicable to past, current and future 
periods; the United Kingdom (UK), the United States (US), Eurozone and global macroeconomic and business 
conditions; the effects of any volatility in credit markets; market related risks such as changes in interest rates and 
foreign exchange rates; effects of changes in valuation of credit market exposures; changes in valuation of issued 
securities; volatility in capital markets; changes in credit ratings of any entity within the Barclays Bank Group or 
any securities issued by such entities; direct and indirect impacts of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic; 
instability as a result of the exit by the UK from the European Union (EU), the effects of the EU-UK Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement and the disruption that may subsequently result in the UK and globally; the risk of cyber-
attacks, information or security breaches or technology failures on the Barclays Bank Group's reputation, business or 
operations; and the success of future acquisitions, disposals and other strategic transactions. A number of these 
influences and factors are beyond the Barclays Bank Group's control. As a result, the Barclays Bank Group's actual 
financial position, future results, capital distributions, capital, leverage or other regulatory ratios or other financial 
and non-financial metrics or performance measures may differ materially from the statements or guidance set forth 
in the Barclays Bank Group's forward-looking statements. Additional risks and factors which may impact the 
Barclays Bank Group's future financial condition and performance are identified in the Barclays Bank Group's 
filings with the SEC (including, without limitation, in the 2020 20-F and the 2021 6-K (each as defined in the 
"Information Incorporated by Reference" section)), which are available on the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov. 
Any forward-looking statements made herein speak only as of the date they are made and it should not be assumed 
that they have been revised or updated in the light of new information or future events. Except as required by the 
PRA, the FCA and the London Stock Exchange plc (LSE) or applicable law, the Barclays Bank Group expressly 
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking 
statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Barclays Bank Group's expectations with regard thereto or 
any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. The reader should, 
however, consult any additional disclosures that the Barclays Bank Group has made or may make in documents it 
has published or may publish via the Regulatory News Service of the LSE and/or has filed or may file with the SEC. 
Subject to the Barclays Bank Group's obligations under the applicable laws and regulations of any relevant 
jurisdiction, (including, without limitation, the UK and the US), in relation to disclosure and ongoing information,

--- Page 92 ---
86 
the Bank undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward looking statements, whether as a result 
of new information, future events or otherwise.

--- Page 93 ---
87 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information has been filed with the Central Bank pursuant to the Directive 2004/109/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 December 2004 on the harmonisation of transparency requirements in 
relation to information about issuers whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market and amending 
Directive 2001/34/EC including subsequent amendments and shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part 
of, this Base Prospectus: 
 
the annual report of the Bank, as filed with the SEC on Form 20-F on 18 February 2021 in respect of the 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 ("2020 20-F"), excluding the section entitled 
"Exhibit Index" on page 254 of the 2020 20-F which is not incorporated and does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus 
(available 
at 
https://home.barclays/content/dam/home-barclays/documents/investor-
relations/reports-and-events/annual-reports/2020/Barclays-Bank-PLC-Form-20-F-2020.pdf); 
 
the sections set out below from the annual report of the Bank, as filed with the SEC on Form 20-F on 
14 February 2020 containing the audited consolidated financial statements of the Bank and the independent 
auditor's report thereon in respect of the years ended 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019 ("2019 20-
F") (available at https://home.barclays/content/dam/home-barclays/documents/investor-relations/reports-
and-events/annual-reports/2019/Barclays%20Bank%20PLC%20Form%2020-F%202019%20(PDF).pdf 
 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
Page 96 
Consolidated Financial Statements  
Pages 97 - 104 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 105-196 
; and  
 
the unaudited interim results announcement of the Bank, as filed with the SEC on Form 6-K on 28 July 
2021 in respect of the six months ended 30 June 2021 ("2021 6-K") (available at 
https://home.barclays/content/dam/home-barclays/documents/investor-
relations/ResultAnnouncements/H12021/20210728-BBPLC-H12021-6-K-2021.pdf). 
The hyperlinks set out in the preceding paragraphs are provided solely for the convenience of prospective investors. 
Other than the information specifically incorporated by reference pursuant to this section of the Base Prospectus, 
neither the content of respective websites of the Bank or the SEC, nor the content of any website accessible from 
hyperlinks on such websites, is incorporated into, or forms part of, this Base Prospectus. The information 
incorporated by reference herein has been filed with Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank. Any website referred to 
in this document does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central 
Bank. 
Any information contained in any of the documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus is either not relevant for prospective investors for the purposes of Article 6(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the above websites does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus. 
In the financial statements incorporated by reference above, the Bank has applied international accounting standards 
in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 and in accordance with IFRS and interpretations 
(IFRICs) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board and adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 
1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union (EU) and as adopted by the UK. A summary of the significant 
accounting policies for the Bank is included in each of the 2020 20-F and the 2019 20-F.

--- Page 94 ---
88 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
The Bank, the Barclays Bank Group and the Group
The Bank (together with its subsidiary undertakings, the "Barclays Bank Group") is a public limited company 
registered in England and Wales under number 1026167. The liability of the members of the Bank is limited. It has 
its registered and head office at 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP, United Kingdom (telephone number +44 (0)20 
7116 1000). The Bank was incorporated on 7 August 1925 under the Colonial Bank Act 1925 and on 4 October 
1971 was registered as a company limited by shares under the Companies Acts 1948 to 1967. Pursuant to The 
Barclays Bank Act 1984, on 1 January 1985, the Bank was re-registered as a public limited company and its name 
was changed from 'Barclays Bank International Limited' to 'Barclays Bank PLC'. The whole of the issued ordinary 
share capital of the Bank is beneficially owned by Barclays PLC. Barclays PLC (together with its subsidiary 
undertakings, the "Group" or "Barclays") is the ultimate holding company of the Group. The Bank's principal 
activity is to offer products and services designed for larger corporate, wholesale and international banking clients. 
Barclays is a British universal bank with a diversified and connected portfolio of businesses, serving retail and 
wholesale customers and clients globally. The Group's businesses include consumer banking and payment 
operations around the world, as well as a top-tier, full service, global corporate and investment bank. The Group 
operates as two operating divisions – the Barclays UK division (Barclays UK) and the Barclays International 
division (Barclays International) which are supported by Barclays Execution Services Limited. Barclays UK 
consists of UK Personal Banking, UK Business Banking and Barclaycard Consumer UK businesses. These 
businesses are carried on by Barclays Bank UK PLC (BBUKPLC) and certain other entities within the Group. 
Barclays International consists of Corporate and Investment Bank and Consumer, Cards and Payment businesses. 
These businesses are carried on by the Bank and its subsidiaries, as well as by certain other entities within the 
Group. Barclays Execution Services Limited is the Group-wide service company providing technology, operations 
and functional services to businesses across the Group.  
The short term unsecured obligations of the Bank are rated A-1 by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, P-1 by 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and F1 by Fitch Ratings Limited and the long-term unsecured unsubordinated 
obligations of the Bank are rated A by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, A1 by Moody's Investors Service Ltd. 
and A+ by Fitch Ratings Limited. The Bank's credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus will be 
treated for the purposes of Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation") as having been issued by Fitch Ratings Limited, Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and S&P Global 
Ratings UK Limited, each of which is established in the United Kingdom and has been registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation. The ratings Fitch Ratings Limited, Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited have given in relation to the Bank are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, Moody's Deutschland 
GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, respectively, each of which is established in the European 
Economic Area (EEA) and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended, 
the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
Based on the Barclays Bank Group's audited financial information for the year ended 31 December 2020, the 
Barclays Bank Group had total assets of £1,059,731m (2019: £876,672m), loans and advances at amortised cost of 
£134,267m (2019: £141,636m), total deposits at amortised cost of £244,696m (2019: £213,881m), and total equity 
of £53,710m (2019: £50,615m). The profit before tax of the Barclays Bank Group for the year ended 31 December 
2020 was £3,075m (2019: £3,112m) after credit impairment charges of £3,377m (2019: £1,202m). The financial 
information in this paragraph is extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the 
year ended 31 December 2020. In this Base Prospectus, the abbreviations '£m' and '£bn' represent millions and 
thousands of millions of pounds sterling respectively and the abbreviations '$m' and '$bn' represent millions and 
thousands of millions of US Dollars respectively.  
Based on the Barclays Bank Group's unaudited financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2021, the 
Barclays Bank Group had total assets of £1,064,337m, loans and advances at amortised cost of £133,815m, total 
deposits at amortised cost of £249,732m and total equity of £53,696m. The profit before tax of the Barclays Bank 
Group for the six months ended 30 June 2021 was £3,334m (30 June 2020: £1,523m) after credit impairment

--- Page 95 ---
89 
releases/(charges) of £288m (30 June 2020: £(2,674)m). The financial information in this paragraph is extracted 
from the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Bank for the six months ended 
30 June 2021. 
Legal Proceedings 
For a description of the governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that the Bank and the Barclays Bank Group 
face, see Note 14 (Legal, competition and regulatory matters) to the condensed consolidated interim financial 
statements of the Bank on pages 41 to 46 of the 2021 6-K. 
Directors
The Directors of the Bank, each of whose business address is 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP, United Kingdom, 
their functions in relation to the Bank and their principal outside activities (if any) of significance to the Bank are as 
follows: 
Name
Function(s) within the Bank
Principal outside activities
Nigel Higgins 
Chairman 
and 
Non-Executive 
Director 
Chairman and Non-Executive Director, 
Barclays PLC; Chairman, Sadler's Wells; 
Non-Executive Director, Tetra Laval 
Group 
James Staley 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
and 
Executive Director 
Group Chief Executive Officer and 
Executive Director, Barclays PLC; Board 
Member, Bank Policy Institute; Board 
Member, 
Institute 
of 
International 
Finance  
Tushar Morzaria 
Executive Director 
Group Finance Director and Executive 
Director, Barclays PLC; Non-Executive 
Director, BP p.l.c.; Member, 100 Group 
Main Committee; Chair, Sterling Risk 
Free Reference Rates Working Group 
Michael Ashley 
Non-Executive Director 
Non-Executive Director, Barclays PLC; 
Non-Executive Director, Barclays Capital 
Securities Limited; Member, Cabinet 
Office Board; Member, International 
Ethics Standards Board for Accountants; 
Member, 
ICAEW 
Ethics 
Standards 
Committee; 
Treasurer, 
The 
Scout 
Association; Member, UK Endorsement 
Board 
Tim Breedon  
Non-Executive Director 
Non-Executive Director, Barclays PLC; 
Non-Executive Director, Barclays Capital 
Securities Ltd; Chair & Non-Executive 
Director, Barclays Bank Ireland PLC; 
Chairman, Apax Global Alpha Limited; 
Non-Executive Director, Quilter PLC

--- Page 96 ---
90 
Name
Function(s) within the Bank
Principal outside activities
Mohamed A. El-Erian 
Non-Executive Director 
Non-Executive Director, Barclays PLC; 
Lead 
Independent 
Director, 
Under 
Armour Inc.; Chief Economic Advisor, 
Allianz SE; Chairman, Gramercy Funds 
Management; Senior Advisor, Investcorp 
Bank BSC; President, Queens' College, 
Cambridge University 
Dawn Fitzpatrick  
Non-Executive Director 
Non-Executive Director, Barclays PLC;  
Chief Investment Officer, Soros Fund 
Management LLC; Member, The New 
York 
Federal 
Reserve's 
Investor 
Advisory 
Committee 
on 
Financial 
Markets; Member, Advisory Board and 
Investment Committee of the Open 
Society Foundations' Economic Justice 
Programme; 
Member 
of 
Advisory 
Council, the Bretton Woods Committee 
Mary Francis 
Non-Executive Director 
Non-Executive Director, Barclays PLC; 
Non-Executive Director, Valaris PLC; 
Senior Independent Director, PensionBee 
Ltd; Member of Advisory Panel,  The 
Institute of Business Ethics; Member, UK 
Takeover Appeal Board  
Diane Schueneman 
Non-Executive Director 
Non-Executive Director, Barclays PLC; 
Non-Executive Director, Barclays US 
LLC; Chair, Barclays Execution Services 
Limited  
No potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to the Bank, of the Directors listed above, and their private 
interests and/or other duties. 
Significant Change Statement 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Bank or the Barclays 
Bank Group since 30 June 2021. 
Material Adverse Change Statement 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Bank or the Barclays Bank Group since 31 
December 2020. 
Legal Proceedings 
Save as disclosed under 'The Bank, the Barclays Bank Group and the Group – Legal Proceedings' (other than under 
the heading 'General'), there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Bank is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base 
Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or 
profitability of the Bank and/or the Barclays Bank Group.  
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is G5GSEF7VJP5I7OUK5573.

--- Page 97 ---
91 
Auditors
The annual consolidated and unconsolidated financial statements of the Bank for the two most recently ended 
financial years have been audited without qualification by KPMG LLP of 15 Canada Square, London E14 5GL, 
United Kingdom, chartered accountants and registered auditors (authorised and regulated by the Financial Services 
Authority for designated investment business), who are members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of 
England and Wales. 
Related Parties 
In the ordinary course of business, the Issuer participates in transactions with parent and fellow subsidiary 
companies. Such transactions are disclosed in the consolidated audited financial statements of Barclays PLC, which 
are publicly available and incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 98 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE LLP 
Barclays CCP Funding LLP was incorporated under the Limited Liability Partnerships Act 2000 on 26 October, 2010. 
The LLP is a limited liability partnership with registered number OC359024, whose registered office is at 1 Churchill 
Place, London, E14 5HP (telephone number of the Administrator of the LLP: +44 (0) 20 7116 1000). The LLP's legal 
entity identifier ("LEI") is 213800KEDEBMLHKVFE83. 
The members of the LLP as at the date of this Base Prospectus, and their respective principal offices, are Barclays Bank 
PLC, and Barclays Shea Limited, both at 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP, United Kingdom. One hundred percent 
of the economic interest in the LLP is owned by Barclays Bank PLC, and the LLP will be consolidated with Barclays 
Bank PLC under applicable international accounting standards. See "The LLP Deed" below. 
As of the Series Closing Date, the LLP has incurred indebtedness and other obligations under the Intercompany Loan 
Agreement and in connection with the LLP Undertaking in connection two Series of collateralised commercial paper 
under the Programme. The LLP is expected to incur additional indebtedness under these Series, under the Note Series 
and under any other series issued from time to time under the Programme. Except for certain expenses of liquidation 
under the occurrence of an Acceleration Event of any Series or Class issued under the Programme, the Issuer will pay 
all fees and expenses of all third party service providers to the LLP. 
The LLP's annual financial year-end date is 31 December. The LLP has prepared audited financial statements for the 
years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. The financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 
have been prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity with the requirements of the 
Companies Act 2006. They have not been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002. There are no material differences between the 
accounting standards used in preparing the LLP’s financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 and IFRS. 
A summary of the significant accounting policies for the LLP is included in the Report and Financial Statements of the 
LLP for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020 included elsewhere herein. Based on the LLP's audited financial 
information for the year ended 31 December 2020, the LLP had total assets of $28,203,889,000, total liabilities of 
$28,193,884,000 and total members' equity of $10,005,000. The financial information in this paragraph is extracted 
from the Report and Financial Statements of the LLP for the year ended 31 December 2020, included elsewhere herein. 
The LLP Deed 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the LLP is controlled by the Bank. To ensure that such control is not abused, 
the Bank, the LLP and the Liquidation Member have entered into the LLP Deed which governs the operation of the 
LLP. 
Establishment, Membership and Capital 
The LLP Deed ("LLP Deed") is a limited liability partnership deed between the LLP, Barclays Bank PLC (in its 
capacity as Administrator and Member) and the Liquidation Member. The LLP Deed is governed by the law of 
England and Wales. The LLP Deed provides for the establishment and management of the LLP. The Members of 
the LLP agree to operate the business of the LLP through the LLP Management Committee, in accordance with the 
terms of the LLP Deed. 
The only members of the LLP (each a "Member", and together with any other members from time to time, the 
"Members" of the LLP) are Barclays Bank PLC and the Liquidation Member. The Members (other than the 
Liquidation Member) may from time to time make capital contributions in cash to the LLP ("Capital 
Contributions") if so requested by the LLP Management Committee. In addition, the Members (other than the 
Liquidation Member) may pay the fees and expenses of service providers for the LLP on the LLP's behalf, which 
payments will be deemed to be Capital Contributions by such Member. The Liquidation Member will not make any 
Capital Contributions to the LLP. No Member is entitled to any interest on its Capital Contribution. The Members 
are not obligated to make Capital Contributions, or to contribute to the losses of the LLP. 
Management of the LLP 
Decisions by the LLP are generally made by a management committee which is comprised of Barclays Bank PLC and 
the Liquidation Member (the "LLP Management Committee"), each of whom is represented at any meeting of

--- Page 99 ---
93 
the LLP Management Committee by a representative appointed by each respective Member from its officers, 
directors and employees. Except as specified below, the Members will delegate all matters to the LLP Management 
Committee, who may decide such matters by majority decision or by sub-delegating or otherwise determining such 
matters as they consider appropriate. 
A quorum for the transaction of business at a meeting of the LLP Management Committee must include at least one 
representative of each of the two members of the LLP Management Committee and, for any meeting of the LLP 
Management Committee relating to any decision requiring a unanimous decision of the LLP Management 
Committee as described below, must include the Independent Director. The following matters may only be 
determined by the unanimous decision of the LLP Management Committee, and, while any Series is outstanding, 
with prior notice to each Applicable Enforcing Party for such Series: (a) appointment of a liquidator or application 
to the court to make an administration order in respect of the LLP; (b) any change to the LLP name; (c) any 
amendment to certain provisions of the LLP Deed relating to governance of the LLP; (d) a decision not to fully 
indemnify the LLP for liabilities of the LLP due to the dishonesty, willful default, willful neglect or negligence of a 
Member; (e) a transfer of the whole or any part of the business of the LLP; and (f) any change to the LLP's business, 
other than as contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 
An "Independent Director", for purposes of the LLP Deed, means a person that (a) is not a director, officer or 
employee of the Issuer; and (b) is not a person, or a director, officer or employee of a person, which controls or has 
in the five years prior to appointment as director of the Liquidation Member controlled (whether directly, indirectly, 
or otherwise) the Issuer or its Affiliates. With respect to any entity, an "Affiliate" is another entity that directly, 
or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with such 
entity. For purposes of this definition, the term "control" means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to 
direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of an entity, whether through the ability to exercise 
voting power, by contract or otherwise. An entity shall be deemed to be controlled by another entity if such other 
entity possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to elect a majority of the board of directors or equivalent body of 
the first entity. The Independent Director will act in the best interests of the LLP in making any decision or casting 
any vote with respect to the business and/or operation of the LLP. 
A quorum for a meeting of the Members of the LLP must include at least one representative of each of the two 
Members and, for any meeting of the Members relating to any decision requiring a unanimous decision of the 
Members as described below, must include the Independent Director. The following matters may only be decided by 
a unanimous decision of the Members: (a) approval of the balance sheet and profit and loss account of the LLP, 
together with the notes of such accounts; (b) a resolution for the voluntary winding up of the LLP; and (c) a 
resolution to contribute to the losses of the LLP. 
Following the appointment of a liquidator or administrator to the Issuer while it is a Member, decisions which are 
reserved to the Members (including any decision expressly requiring a unanimous decision of the Members) will be 
made by the Liquidation Member, acting by decision of the Independent Director, alone. 
No potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to the LLP of the members of the LLP Management 
Committee and their private interests or other duties. 
LLP Master Account 
The LLP Deed authorises the establishment of a main operating bank account for the LLP (the "LLP Master 
Account"). The LLP Master Account is not pledged by the LLP and does not represent part of the Collateral for any 
Class of the Notes or any other Series under the Programme. 
Winding Up Provisions 
For so long as any Series is outstanding, each Member has agreed that it will not terminate or purport to terminate 
the LLP or institute any winding-up, administration, insolvency or other similar proceedings against the LLP and in 
the event that any Series is not outstanding, only with a unanimous decision of the Members. Such consent must 
include the consent of the Independent Director. The LLP may only be wound up voluntarily under Section 84(1)

--- Page 100 ---
94 
of the Insolvency Act, in accordance with the LLP Deed and the Companies Act 2006 and any regulations made 
pursuant thereto. Upon the winding up of the LLP, each Applicable Enforcing Party may realise upon some or all of 
the assets of the LLP in accordance with the security documents for any Series or Class under the Programme, and 
distribute the proceeds of sale or assets in accordance with such security documents. The remaining property of the 
LLP will be distributed in cash or in specie in repayment of, with respect to any Member, the balance of such 
Member's Capital Contributions as determined in accordance with the LLP Deed. Any remaining balance will be 
distributed to the Members pro rata and pari passu in the proportions which their respective outstanding Capital 
Contributions bear to the aggregate outstanding Capital Contributions of the Members immediately prior to the 
liquidation. The provisions of the LLP Deed will remain binding notwithstanding that the LLP has been wound up 
or become insolvent in so far as the obligations and covenants set out in it remain or require to be performed. It is 
noted that any statutory demand that is served on a company between 1 March 2020 and 30 September 2020 shall be 
declared void. 
Isolation of the LLP 
The LLP has agreed that (a) it will maintain separate financial statements from the Issuer and will conduct its 
business such that the LLP is a readily identifiable business separate from, and independent of, the Issuer (it being 
understood that, in the event it is required to do so by applicable law or any accounting principles from time to time 
in effect, the Issuer and any of its Affiliates may publish financial statements that consolidate those of the LLP); 
(b) it will conduct its business in its own name and not in the name of the Issuer; (c) all of its business 
correspondence and other communications in connection with the Issuer will be conducted in LLP's own name and 
the LLP will use its own respective stationery, invoices and checks and will hold itself out as a separate and distinct 
entity from the Issuer; (d) it will correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity from the Issuer; 
(e) it will maintain records, books, accounts and minutes for itself separate from those of the Issuer or any other 
person; (f) it will maintain its assets separately from the assets of the Issuer (including through the maintenance of 
separate bank accounts) and it will not commingle its assets with those of the Issuer or any other person; (g) it will 
pay its own obligations as a legal entity separate from the Issuer only from its own funds; (h) it will maintain 
adequate capital in light of its contemplated business operations; (i) it will not enter into any agreements with the 
Issuer or any of its Affiliates that are, as a whole, materially more favourable to such persons than agreements that 
such persons would have been able to enter into at such time on an arm's-length basis with a non-affiliated third 
party; (j) it will observe all corporate and other organisational formalities required by the LLP Deed and by the laws 
of England and Wales; and (k) it will not take any actions that would be inconsistent with maintaining its legal 
identity separate from the Issuer. 
Employees 
The LLP has no employees. 
Significant or Material Change 
Since 31 December 2020, there has been (a) no material adverse change in the prospects of the LLP and (b) no 
significant change in the financial or trading position of the LLP.
Legal Proceedings 
The LLP is not nor has it been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the LLP is aware), during the 12 months prior to the date 
hereof, which may have, or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
the LLP.

--- Page 101 ---
95 
Auditors 
The annual financial statements of the LLP for the two most recently ended financial years have been audited 
without qualification by KPMG LLP of 15 Canada Square, London E14 5GL, United Kingdom, chartered 
accountants and registered auditors (authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority for designated 
investment business), who are members of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales.

--- Page 102 ---
96 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SELLERS 
Barclays Bank PLC 
Please refer to the disclosure relating to the Issuer, which is relevant to Barclays Bank PLC in its capacity as Seller 
under the applicable Repurchase Agreement. 
Barclays Capital Securities Limited 
Barclays Capital Securities Limited is a company incorporated in United Kingdom and registered in England 
(registered number 1929333), whose registered office is situate at 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP ("BCSL"). 
BCSL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Barclays Bank PLC and its ultimate parent is Barclays PLC.  
The principal activities of BCSL include providing prime services and equity derivatives, cash equities, convertible 
bond trading and agency execution services.  
BCSL was incorporated on 9 July 1985. It is regulated by the FCA and PRA in the United Kingdom and its 
permissions are set out in the Financial Services Register 
(https://register.fca.org.uk/ShPo_FirmDetailsPage?id=001b000000MfF7xAAF). 
Barclays Capital Inc. 
Barclays Capital Inc. (sometimes referred to as "BCI" or, in this section, the "Firm") provides a full array of 
services in equity and fixed income sales, trading and research, investment banking, asset management, private 
investment management and private equity. BCI is a Connecticut corporation with a registered office in Hartford, 
Connecticut. The Firm is a registered securities broker-dealer with the SEC, a futures commission merchant and 
swap firm registered with the CFTC and municipal advisor with the SEC and the Municipal Securities Rulemaking 
Board. BCI is headquartered in New York, with registered domestic branch offices in Atlanta, Boston, Chicago, 
Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles, Menlo Park, Miami, New York, Philadelphia, San Juan, San Francisco, Seattle, 
Washington DC and Wells, ME.  
BCI is a market-maker in all major equity and fixed income products. To facilitate its market-making activities, BCI 
is a member of all principal securities and commodities exchanges in the United States, as well as FINRA 
(the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, formed in 2007 by the consolidation of NASD, Inc. and the member 
regulation, enforcement and arbitration functions of the New York Stock Exchange, Inc.), and BCI holds 
memberships or associate memberships on several principal international securities and commodities exchanges, 
including the London, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Frankfurt, Paris, Milan, Singapore and Australian stock exchanges. 
BCI does not make publicly available its consolidated financial statements, and is not currently required to file its 
financial statements publicly with the SEC or any other Governmental Authority. BCI does prepare, on a semi-
annual basis, a Statement of Financial Condition, which is a limited subset of financial information relating to it. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Statement of Financial Condition is currently available via BCI's website at 
http://www.investmentbank.barclays.com/disclosures/barclays-capital-inc-financial-reporting.html. 
This 
website 
URL is an inactive textual reference only and none of the information on BCI's website is incorporated by reference 
herein. Prospective purchasers of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that wish to review the Statement 
of Financial Condition are cautioned that it is not, and is not intended to be, a complete set of financial statements 
prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States; is not presented in a form 
that conforms to the requirement of an annual report and presents only selected financial information; was not 
prepared in connection with the Programme or the marketing of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and 
therefore may not reflect all the information that a prospective purchaser of the Notes would consider important; and 
are reminded that the most recent Statement of Financial Condition has been prepared on a consolidated, not a 
standalone, basis. The Statement of Financial Condition is historical in nature, and is audited annually. Semi-annual 
statements are unaudited and therefore information presented therein may be subject to correction, adjustment or 
removal as part of the annual audit.

--- Page 103 ---
97 
Finally, prospective purchasers of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may review the Forms 20-F 
referenced in "Information Incorporated by Reference" above for information about the business and risks of BCI, 
however, any such review should be predicated on an understanding that such information includes or references 
companies other than BCI, including the companies of the Group.

--- Page 104 ---
98 
SUMMARY OF THE TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENTS 
The following summaries describe certain provisions of the Programme Documents and GCMTN Series Documents 
(together, the "Transaction Documents") and do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and are qualified in 
their entirety by reference to, the detailed information appearing elsewhere herein and in the Transaction 
Documents, copies of which may be obtained from the Administrator at the address set forth on the back cover of 
this Base Prospectus. When reference is made herein to particular provisions of, or terms used in, a particular 
Transaction Document, such reference is to the actual document. An "Index of Defined Terms" is included at the end 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Additional GCMTN Series Documents set forth certain of the terms applicable to Mortgage Repo Classes. See 
"Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents". 
The Intercompany Loan Agreement 
Barclays Bank PLC, in its capacities as Issuer and Administrator, entered into an intercompany loan agreement, 
dated 19 November 2010 (the "Intercompany Loan Agreement"), with the LLP, under which the Issuer will, to the 
extent that it issues any notes of any Series or Class under the Programme, including the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes, make available to the LLP a revolving loan (the "Intercompany Loan"). The Intercompany 
Loan Agreement is governed by English law. In connection with the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note 
Series, the Intercompany Loan will be made available in separate advances (each, an "Advance"), in an amount 
equal to 100% of the proceeds of the issuance of each Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes as and 
when issued and sold by the Issuer from time to time. 
If, at any time, it is unlawful for the Issuer to make, fund or allow to remain outstanding the Intercompany Loan 
(or any portion of it) made or to be made by it under the Intercompany Loan Agreement, then the Issuer will deliver 
to the LLP and the Administrator a legal opinion to that effect from reputable counsel, and the Issuer may require 
the LLP to prepay any Advance to the extent that, on any Business Day, funds are available pursuant to the 
applicable Transaction Documents (including, with respect to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series, 
the Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments and the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments), having given not more 
than 60 days' and not less than 30 days' (or such shorter period as may be required by any relevant law) prior written 
notice to the LLP and the Administrator. 
An event of default (an "Intercompany Loan Event of Default") will occur if and only if the LLP does not pay on 
the due date with respect to any Advance, or for a period of 90 Business Days after such due date, any amount 
payable by it under the Intercompany Loan Agreement where available receipts are available pursuant to the 
applicable Transaction Documents (including, with respect to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series, 
the Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments and the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments) to make the relevant 
payment. There are no other Intercompany Loan Events of Default. The LLP (or the Administrator on its behalf) 
will notify the Issuer of any Intercompany Loan Event of Default promptly upon the LLP (or the Administrator, 
as the case may be) becoming aware of such event. 
The Administration Agreement 
Barclays Bank PLC (in its capacities as Issuer and Administrator) entered into an administration agreement, dated 
19 November 2010 (the "Administration Agreement"), with the LLP. The Administration Agreement is governed 
by New York law. 
Services of the Administrator 
The Administrator agrees to, among other things: (a) if requested by the LLP, apply for ratings of the Programme 
and/or each Series or Class and manage ongoing surveillance of such ratings; (b) retain legal counsel for the LLP as 
necessary; (c) prepare, or cause to be prepared, the LLP's financial statements; (d) arrange for satisfaction of 
conditions precedent for each new Series or class; (e) direct the auditing staff of the LLP's independent accountants;

--- Page 105 ---
99 
(f) make certain calculations and determinations and give notices and instructions on behalf of the LLP; (g) maintain 
(or cause to be maintained) the general ledger of the LLP and proper books of account and records of all transactions 
of the LLP undertaken or performed by the Administrator; (h) prepare and update the offering document(s) with 
respect to any Series; (i) cooperate reasonably with any attempt to liquidate or deliver the Purchased Securities 
owned by the LLP; (j) establish segregated collateral accounts, as needed, and appropriate bank and depositary 
accounts for each Series; (k) provide certain information as may be reasonably requested (and available to the 
Administrator) in connection with each Series; (l) prepare and distribute the class details related to each class, 
including the Final Terms for any Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes; (m) take such steps as 
may be necessary to enable the LLP to perform its duties or exercise its rights under the Transaction Documents; 
(n) prepare and file all registrations, reports and returns which the LLP is required by law to prepare and file; 
(o) procure compliance by the LLP with all applicable legal requirements and with the terms of the Transaction 
Documents to which the LLP is a party; (p) deliver notice to the LLP, the applicable issue and paying agent, the 
applicable dealers, the applicable collateral administrator and custodian and each Applicable Enforcing Party for any 
Series of any Issuer Event of Default (or potential Issuer Event of Default), LLP Event of Default (or potential LLP 
Event of Default) or Repurchase Event of Default; and (q) provide the FSA with information on the Authorised 
Investments comprised in the assets of the LLP (to the extent required by applicable law). The Administrator may 
sub-contract or delegate the performance of its duties under the Administration Agreement, but shall remain 
responsible for the performance thereof. 
Conditions to Accession of a New Seller 
One or more additional sellers may be added in respect of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series, 
provided that such prospective seller has delivered to the Issuer and the LLP a seller accession letter, substantially in 
the form exhibited to the Administration Agreement, a new Repurchase Agreement in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Administrator and any other documents as are required by the LLP and/or the Administrator 
(each acting reasonably). The Issuer must confirm to such prospective seller its appointment as a seller. 
Amendment of Programme Documents 
The Administrator may at any time, without the consent or sanction of the Noteholders, consent to any action or 
amend or otherwise modify any of the terms of any Programme Document for any Series or Class including the 
Final Terms for any Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes by certifying to each Applicable Enforcing 
Party with respect to each Series that any that such action or amendment will not adversely affect in any material 
respect the interests of the Noteholders. To the extent that the Administrator does not make such a certification with 
respect to any proposed action or amendment, the consent of each Applicable Enforcing Party with respect to each 
Series will be required. After any such action or amendment becomes effective, it will bind each of the parties to 
such agreement and each other Noteholder, whether or not notation of such action or amendment is made on any 
note, instrument, agreement or other document providing for the Secured Obligation of such Noteholder. 
Removal or Resignation of Administrator 
The Applicable Enforcing Parties for each outstanding Series may, with the consent of the LLP (unless an LLP 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), upon written notice to the Administrator, terminate the 
Administrator's rights and obligations immediately if any of the following events (each, an "Administrator 
Termination Event") occurs: (a) the Administrator defaults in the performance or observance of any of its 
covenants and material obligations under the Administration Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, 
which in the opinion of each Applicable Enforcing Party for any outstanding Series is materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the LLP or the noteholders of such Series from time to time, and such default continues unremedied for a 
period of twenty (20) Business Days after the Administrator becoming aware of such default; (b) the Administrator 
becomes subject to an Insolvency Event; or (c) the LLP resolves that the appointment of the Administrator should be 
terminated and notifies each Applicable Enforcing Party of such. 
Such termination of the Administrator will not become effective until such time as the Applicable Enforcing Parties 
for each outstanding Series will have appointed a replacement Administrator in the manner set forth in the 
Administration Agreement and such appointment has been accepted. Upon termination of the appointment of 
Barclays Bank PLC as Administrator under the Administration Agreement, the LLP will use its reasonable efforts to

--- Page 106 ---
100 
appoint as soon as reasonably possible a replacement Administrator that satisfies the conditions set forth in the 
Administration Agreement. Neither the LLP nor any Applicable Enforcing Party for any outstanding Series will 
(a) have any liability to any person in the event that, having used reasonable efforts, they are unable to appoint a 
replacement Administrator or, (b) be required to perform any of the duties of the Administrator, notwithstanding any 
other provision of the Transaction Documents. 
The Administrator may resign all of its appointments under the Administration Agreement at any time following the 
expiry of not less than 60 days' notice of resignation given by the Administrator to the LLP and each Applicable 
Enforcing Party for any outstanding Series without providing any reason therefor and without being responsible for 
any liability incurred by reason thereof unless such liability arises as a result of its own gross negligence, willful 
default or fraud or from any breach by the Administrator of its obligations under the Administration Agreement, 
(or such shorter time as may be agreed between the Administrator, the LLP and each Applicable Enforcing Party for 
any outstanding Series) provided that (a) a replacement Administrator is appointed (subject to the prior written 
consent of each Applicable Enforcing Party for any outstanding Series), such appointment to be effective not later 
than the date of such termination; (b) such replacement Administrator enters into an agreement on substantially the 
same terms as the relevant provisions of the Administration Agreement and any other Transaction Document to 
which the Administrator is a party for each outstanding Series, and the Administrator will not be released from its 
obligations under the relevant provisions of the Administration Agreement until such replacement Administrator has 
entered into such new agreement and the rights of the LLP under such agreement are pledged to the Applicable 
Enforcing Party for each outstanding Series; and (c) such replacement Administrator has all licenses, authorisations 
and qualifications required under applicable law for it to perform the services contemplated by the Administration 
Agreement. 
Repurchase Agreements 
The LLP has entered or is expected to enter into Repurchase Agreements with each of the Sellers, under which the 
parties will from time to time enter into one or more Repurchase Transactions. The Repurchase Agreements are 
governed either by (x) English law and documented on a standard TBMA/ISMA 2000 Global Master Repurchase 
Agreement (the "GMRA") with modifications on Annex 1 thereto designed to facilitate the use of the GMRA for 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. or (y) New York law and documented on a standard Bond Market 
Association September 1996 Master Repurchase Agreement (the "MRA") with modification on various annexes 
thereto designed to facilitate the use of the MRA for the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series.   
Purchase of Eligible Securities, Repurchase Date, Price Differential 
The Class Collateral for each Class will be comprised of a variety of Eligible Securities, as set forth in the related 
Final Terms. From time to time the LLP and a Seller will enter into Repurchase Transactions in which such Seller 
agrees to transfer to the LLP Eligible Securities ("Purchased Securities") against the transfer by the LLP of an 
amount equal to the purchase price for the related Repurchase Transaction (the "Purchase Price") to an account of 
such Seller, with a simultaneous agreement by such Seller to purchase (and the LLP to deliver) such Eligible 
Securities under Repurchase Agreements governed by the MRA or Eligible Securities equivalent to the Purchased 
Securities ("Equivalent Securities") for Repurchase Agreements governed by the GMRA from the LLP on the 
Repurchase Date, against the payment by such Seller of an amount equal to the sum of the Purchase Price and the 
accrued and unpaid Price Differential as of the Repurchase Date (the "Repurchase Price"). The "Repurchase 
Date" for each Repurchase Transaction is the date set forth in the applicable Confirmation, which date is intended to 
match the maturity date for the related Class. If a Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes related to any 
Repurchase Transaction is subject to an Acceleration Event, the Repurchase Date of such Repurchase Transaction 
will be the Acceleration Date with respect to such Acceleration Event, and if such Class is subject to a put, call, 
extension or other modification as to its maturity in accordance with the related Final Terms, the Repurchase Date of 
such Repurchase Transaction will be adjusted in line with the applicable put, call, extension or other modification of 
the maturity date for such Class). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Class for which the LLP has entered into a 
Repurchase Transaction(s) under New York law, the maturity of the related Repurchase Transaction(s) may be 
shorter than the term of such Class. For each of these Classes, the LLP will continue to enter into one or more new 
Repurchase Transactions in order to cause the related Repurchase Transactions (in the aggregate) to generally match 
the economic terms of each such Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. The "Price Differential" with 
respect to any Repurchase Transaction is equal to the aggregate amount obtained by the daily application of the

--- Page 107 ---
101 
Pricing Rate for such Repurchase Transaction to the Purchase Price for such Repurchase Transaction for the actual 
number of days during the period from the later of the (i) Purchase Date and (ii) with respect to any Repurchase 
Transaction for which the related Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes provides for the payment of 
interest on any Interest Payment Date prior to the Maturity Date of such Class, the date of each such Interest 
Payment Date (each such date, a "Price Differential Payment Date") to the date of calculation. The "Pricing Rate" 
is the rate set forth on the related Confirmation, and is intended to be equivalent to the discount and/or the interest 
rate for the related Class on each day. 
Upon agreeing to enter into a Repurchase Transaction, the applicable Seller will deliver (i) to the applicable 
Custodian (with a copy to the Issue and Paying Agent, the Administrator and the Collateral Administrator), a Trade 
Instruction (which may be comprised of one or more sets of matching instructions delivered electronically or the 
Final Terms for the related Class) with respect to such Repurchase Transaction, and (ii) to the LLP (with a copy to 
the Administrator, the applicable Custodian and the Collateral Administrator) a written confirmation of such 
Repurchase Transaction (a "Confirmation") (which may be comprised of one or more sets of matching instructions 
delivered electronically or the Final Terms for the related Class) recording the details thereof. Each Repurchase 
Transaction must, together with any other Repurchase Transaction, be executed on terms that are substantially 
similar to the terms of the Final Terms for the related Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. Any 
Confirmation sent with respect to a Repurchase Transaction will be binding on the LLP unless the LLP (or the 
Administrator on its behalf) specifically objects, in writing, within one Business Day of the receipt thereof. If the 
Collateral Administrator provides the applicable Seller with written notice that it has determined that the terms of 
the Confirmation for any Repurchase Transaction are inconsistent with the terms of the related Class of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes (when taken together with any other Repurchase Transaction related to such 
Class), the terms of such Confirmation will be amended by the Administrator to cure any inconsistency identified by 
the Collateral Administrator, and sent by electronic transmission to such Seller for redelivery to the LLP (with a 
copy to the Administrator, the relevant Custodian and the Collateral Administrator). Such Seller will agree to the 
amendments made by the Administrator absent manifest error by the Administrator in making such determination. 
If such manifest error occurs, such Seller and the Administrator will use reasonable efforts to cooperate to finalise 
the terms of the related Confirmation as necessary to provide for consistency between the terms of such 
Confirmation and the terms of the related Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. Any resubmitted 
Confirmation sent by the applicable Seller with respect to a Repurchase Transaction pursuant to the two preceding 
sentences will be binding on the LLP. 
On the Purchase Date for any Transaction, the LLP (or the applicable Custodian on its behalf) will pay the 
applicable Seller in immediately available funds, from amounts available in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration 
Priority of Payment for the related Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, an amount equal to the 
Purchase Price for such Transaction. On the Repurchase Date for any Transaction, the Seller (or the applicable 
Custodian on its behalf) will pay the LLP in immediately available funds, the Repurchase Price by 10:00 a.m. 
(London time) on such Repurchase Date to the Series Operating Account for the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Note Series. With respect to any Transaction for which the related Class of Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes provides for the payment of interest on any Interest Payment Date prior to the Maturity Date of such 
Class, the Seller (or the applicable Custodian on its behalf) will pay to the Series Operating Account an amount 
equal to the accrued and unpaid Price Differential for such Transaction not later than 10:00 a.m. (London time) on 
each applicable Price Differential Payment Date; provided that if such Transaction has a Pricing Rate that includes 
both an interest and a discount component, the Price Differential on the related Repurchase Date will include the 
related accreted discount. If the LLP pays the Seller the Purchase Price for any Repurchase Transaction related to a 
Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes from amounts advanced to the LLP by the Issue and Paying 
Agent, and the issuance and purchase of such Class is not consummated pursuant to the Agency Agreement on the 
Purchase Date or the immediately following Business Day, the Repurchase Date for such Repurchase Transaction 
will be accelerated to the second Business Day following the related Purchase Date. 
Margin Deficit and Margin Excess 
Each GMRA provides that the Transaction Exposures, if any, will be determined by utilising the standard GMRA 
definition of "Transaction Exposure", and each GMRA provides that the Transaction Exposure will be calculated 
with respect to each Repurchase Transaction separately. The formula for Transaction Exposure includes the 
Repurchase Price at the time of the relevant calculation, which includes only the portion of Price Differential that

--- Page 108 ---
102 
has accrued but has not been paid through such day (and not the full amount of Price Differential that would accrue 
through the Repurchase Date). Although each applicable GMRA does not use the terms "margin deficit" or "margin 
excess," for purposes of the Programme, a Transaction Exposure of the LLP to the applicable Seller is a "Margin 
Deficit" and a Transaction Exposure of the applicable Seller to the LLP is a "Margin Excess". In determining the 
Transaction Exposure, any amounts not denominated in the Base Currency are converted into the Base Currency at 
the Spot Rate. The "Base Currency" is the currency in which the Purchase Price is denominated on the 
Confirmation, and the "Spot Rate" means the spot rate of exchange quoted by Barclays Bank PLC in the London 
inter-bank market for the sale by it of a second currency against a purchase by it of a first currency. If a party to the 
applicable GMRA has an unsatisfied Transaction Exposure to the other party, such party may by notice require the 
transfer (such transfer, a "Margin Transfer") of cash or Eligible Securities (such securities, "Margin Securities") 
and any securities equivalent to such Margin Securities, "Equivalent Margin Securities") in order to eliminate such 
Transaction Exposure. If notice is given of an obligation to make a Margin Transfer at or before the 10:00 a.m. 
London time on any Business Day (the "Margin Notice Deadline"), then the party receiving such notice must make 
a Margin Transfer by no later than close of business in the relevant market on such Business Day. If such notice is 
received after the Margin Notice Deadline, the party receiving such notice must make a Margin Transfer by no later 
than close of business in the relevant market on the next Business Day. In addition, prior to the occurrence of a 
Repurchase Event of Default, the applicable Custodian will have the right to allocate Purchased Securities, Margin 
Securities and Equivalent Margin Securities in accordance with the applicable Custodial Agreement, and the 
determination of whether a Transaction Exposure exists with respect to any Transaction will occur after the 
Custodian has reallocated the Purchased Securities (including any Margin Securities and Equivalent Margin 
Securities) in accordance with the applicable Custodial Agreement. Furthermore, prior to a Repurchase Event of 
Default, the LLP may apply part or all of any Margin Transfer it is required to make to the applicable Seller in 
respect of one Transaction against part or all of any Margin Transfer the applicable Seller is required to make to the 
LLP in respect of another Transaction. Finally, each Seller has agreed that it may exercise its rights to make margin 
calls under its GMRA only where it has a Transaction Exposure that exceeds $100,000 or the Base Currency 
equivalent thereof converted at the Spot Rate; provided, that, with respect to Repurchase Transactions relating to 
Restricted Securities Collateral, the threshold amount to eliminate Transaction Exposures shall be 2.0% of the 
Repurchase Price. 
The applicable Custodian for the related Transaction in respect of any GMRA will undertake many of the practical 
actions connected with marking collateral, determining Transaction Exposures and effecting Margin Transfers. 
See "Summary of the Transaction Documents—The Custodial Agreements. 
With respect to any MRA, the applicable Custodian will determine whether the Margin Value of any Repurchase 
Transaction under the applicable MRA, as of any date of determination, is less than the Purchase Price of the related 
Repurchase Transaction plus the accrued and unpaid Price Differential as of such date (such amount, a "MRA
Margin Deficit") or exceeds the Purchase Price of the related Repurchase Transaction plus the accrued and unpaid 
Price Differential as of such date (such amount, a "MRA Margin Excess"). The "Margin Value" is obtained, as of 
any date of determination, by dividing the sum of the Market Value of each Purchased Security by the applicable 
margin percentage for such Purchased Security; provided that the Market Value of any Purchased Security that is 
not an Eligible Security will be deemed to be zero. The margin percentage for each type of Eligible Security with 
respect to the applicable MRA will be listed in the related Schedule of Eligible Securities. The applicable Seller is 
obligated to cure any MRA Margin Deficit that exists related to any Repurchase Transaction by transferring (or 
causing the transfer of) cash or additional Eligible Securities to the related Collateral Account, which assets will 
automatically be subject to the security interest granted by the LLP to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the 
applicable US System Secured Creditors. The LLP is obligated to cure any MRA Margin Excess that exists related 
to any Repurchase Transaction by transferring (or causing the transfer of) Purchased Securities to the applicable 
Seller from the related Collateral Account or to transfer cash to the applicable Seller in accordance with the Pre-
Acceleration Priority of Payments no later than the close of business in the relevant market on such day; provided, 
however, that, prior to a Repurchase Event of Default, neither the LLP nor the applicable Custodian will return any 
MRA Margin Excess with respect to any Repurchase Transaction to such Seller if an MRA Margin Deficit exists 
with respect to another Repurchase Transaction; such amounts instead being applied toward curing each such MRA 
Margin Deficit.

--- Page 109 ---
103 
Representations and Warranties of the Sellers 
Pursuant to the applicable Repurchase Agreement, each Seller and the LLP have made certain representations and 
warranties. Such representations and warranties include, among other things, that (a) it is duly authorised to execute 
and deliver the applicable Repurchase Agreement, to enter into Repurchase Transactions contemplated thereunder 
and to perform its obligations thereunder, and has taken all necessary action to authorise such execution, delivery 
and performance; (b) it will engage in such Repurchase Transactions as principal (or, if agreed in writing in advance 
of any Repurchase Transaction by the LLP, as agent for a disclosed principal); (c) the person signing the applicable 
Repurchase Agreement on its behalf is duly authorised to do so on its behalf (or on behalf of any such disclosed 
principal); (d) it has obtained all authorisations of any governmental body required in connection with the applicable 
Repurchase Agreement and the Repurchase Transactions thereunder and such authorisations are in full force and 
effect; (e) the execution, delivery and performance of the applicable Repurchase Agreement and the Repurchase 
Transactions thereunder will not violate any law, ordinance, charter, by-law or rule applicable to it or any agreement 
by which it is bound or by which any of its assets are affected; (f) it has satisfied itself and it will continue to satisfy 
itself as to the tax implications of the Repurchase Transactions contemplated under the relevant Repurchase 
Agreement, (g) at the time of a transfer of Securities to the other party, it will have the unqualified right to make 
such transfer of Securities and the other party will receive all rights, title and interest in those Securities free and 
clear of any lien, security interest, charge, encumbrance or other adverse claim, except such as may exist in favour 
of the other party. 
On the Purchase Date for any Repurchase Transaction or as of each such delivery, as the case may be, the applicable 
Seller will be deemed to repeat all the foregoing representations made by it. Such Seller further represents and 
warrants, with respect to each Purchased Security, Margin Security or New Purchased Security, that: (a) information 
set forth in the Confirmation relating to the sale of such Purchased Security, Margin Security or New Purchased 
Security is true and correct in all material respects; and (b) such Purchased Security, Margin Security or New 
Purchased Security is an Eligible Security for the related Repurchase Transaction. 
Repurchase Events of Default 
If a Repurchase Event of Default (as described in "Summary of Terms—Summary of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note Series —Repurchase Events of Default" above) occurs and is continuing, the Repurchase Date 
for each Repurchase Transaction under the applicable Repurchase Agreement will be deemed immediately to occur. 
As the rights of the LLP have been secured to the Applicable Enforcing Party for the benefit of the related Secured 
Creditors pursuant to the applicable Security Agreement, the Applicable Enforcing Party will exercise any rights of 
the LLP as the non-defaulting party. In addition, the resulting rights and obligations of the applicable Seller and the 
LLP will be determined separately for each outstanding Repurchase Transaction under the applicable Repurchase 
Agreement, and such obligations may only be netted against each other to the extent that more than one such 
Repurchase Transaction relates to a single Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or Classes in a 
Shared Collateral Class Group. The Default Market Values (determined using the standard GMRA definition 
therefor, and the applicable standard GMRA remedial rights) of the Equivalent Securities and any Equivalent 
Margin Securities to be transferred, the amount of any Cash Margin to be transferred and the Repurchase Prices to 
be paid by each party under the applicable GMRA will be established by the non-defaulting Party for all related 
Repurchase Transactions as at the Repurchase Date. On the basis of the sums so established, an account will be 
taken (as at the Repurchase Date) of what is due from each party to the other under the related GMRA (on the basis 
that each party's claim against the other in respect of the transfer to it of Equivalent Securities or Equivalent Margin 
Securities under such GMRA equals the Default Market Value therefor and including applicable indemnification 
amounts) and the sums due from one party will be set off against the sums due from the other and only the balance 
of the account will be payable (by the party having the claim valued at the lower amount pursuant to the foregoing)
and such balance shall be due and payable on the next following Business Day; provided that, sums due with respect 
to a Repurchase Transaction may only be set off against sums due with respect to another Repurchase Transaction to 
the extent those Repurchase Transactions relate to a single Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series 
or Classes in a Shared Collateral Class Group. For purposes of this calculation, all sums not denominated in the Base 
Currency will be converted into the Base Currency at the Spot Rate.

--- Page 110 ---
104 
The defaulting party will be liable to the non-defaulting party for the amount of all reasonable legal or other 
professional expenses incurred by the non-defaulting party in connection with or as a result of a Repurchase Event 
of Default, and interest on any amounts owing by the defaulting party under the applicable GMRA. 
If the defaulting party under a Repurchase Event of Default is a Seller other than Barclays Bank PLC or BCSL, the 
LLP's right to accelerate is limited during the Election Period, in order to allow the Issuer to make an Issuer 
Collateral Posting Election. If the Issuer makes the Issuer Collateral Posting Election pursuant to the Credit Support 
Deed, the non-defaulting party will be deemed to have exercised the option to declare a Repurchase Event of 
Default, and the Repurchase Date for each Repurchase Transaction under the applicable GMRA will, if it has not 
already occurred, be deemed immediately to occur. Pursuant to the relevant Custodial Agreement, the relevant 
Custodian will determine the Margin Amount for each Repurchase Transaction. The applicable Custodian (on behalf 
of the LLP) will return Cash Margin or Purchased Securities in an amount equal to any positive Margin Amount for 
each Repurchase Transaction in accordance with the relevant Custodial Agreement, upon the Issuer's delivery of the 
initial posting under the related Credit Support Deed. See "Summary of the Transaction Documents—The Credit 
Support Deed".
The failure of a Seller to make any payment or delivery in respect of any Repurchase Transaction will not be a 
Repurchase Event of Default if such failure arises solely by reason of an error or omission of an administrative or 
operational nature made by the Seller or the applicable Custodian, unless (i) such failure continues for more than one 
Business Day after notice of such failure is given to the applicable Seller (unless, in the case of a delivery of 
Securities or other property, the Seller pays Cash Margin to the LLP in an amount at least equal to the Transaction 
Exposure in respect of such Transaction), (ii) with respect to payments of Repurchase Price or deliveries of 
Purchased Securities, the related Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series having a Maturity 
Date on the related Repurchase Date was paid its principal amount outstanding and accrued and unpaid interest on 
the Maturity Date, and (iii) funds, securities or property (assuming the timely delivery of securities or other property 
required to be delivered to such Seller for settlement on or prior to the related date for payment or delivery under 
and with respect to such Repurchase Transaction) were available to such Seller to enable it to make the relevant 
payment or delivery when due (or with respect to the LLP and the payment of the Purchase Price, would have been 
available except for a delay in receipt of the issuance proceeds from the related Class of Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note Series). 
If a Repurchase Event of Default (as described in "Summary of Terms—Summary of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes—Repurchase Events of Default" above) occurs, all of the Repurchase Transactions under the 
MRA will, at the non-defaulting party's option (which option will be deemed to have been exercised immediately 
upon the occurrence of an Insolvency Event), be accelerated. The non-defaulting party may then either: (a) where 
the non-defaulting party is the LLP, (i) require that the applicable Seller immediately repurchase the Purchased 
Securities at the previously determined Repurchase Price; (ii) where the non-defaulting party is the LLP, sell the 
Purchased Securities to one or more third parties on the applicable markets, and apply the proceeds to the aggregate 
unpaid Repurchase Price and any other amounts owing by the applicable Seller; and (iii) where the non-defaulting 
party is the LLP, give the applicable Seller credit for such Purchased Securities in an amount equal to the price 
therefor on such date, obtained from a generally recognised source or the most recent closing bid quotation from 
such a source, against the unpaid Repurchase Price of the related Repurchase Transaction and any other amounts 
owing by the applicable Seller under the MRA with respect to such Repurchase Transaction; and (b) where the 
defaulting party is the LLP, (i) immediately purchase, in a recognised market (or otherwise in a commercially 
reasonable manner) at such price or prices as the non-defaulting party may reasonably deem satisfactory, securities 
("Replacement Securities") of the same class and amount as any Purchased Securities that are not delivered by the 
defaulting party to the non-defaulting party as required under the MRA or (ii) in its sole discretion elect, in lieu of 
purchasing Replacement Securities, to be deemed to have purchased Replacement Securities at the price therefor on 
such date, obtained from a generally recognised source or the most recent closing offer quotation from such a 
source, and in each case such price will reduce the Repurchase Price of the related Repurchase Transaction and any 
other amounts owing by the defaulting party under the MRA with respect to such Repurchase Transaction and, if 
applicable, be liable to the non-defaulting party for any excess of the price paid (or deemed paid) by the non-
defaulting party for Replacement Securities over the Repurchase Price for the Purchased Securities replaced thereby 
and for any amounts payable by the defaulting party under the MRA; provided, however, that the LLP will make 
such payments solely to the extent it has funds available with respect to such Class in accordance with the Post-
Acceleration Priority of Payments. If the proceeds received by the LLP and the amounts retained in relation to (a)

--- Page 111 ---
105 
above exceed the aggregate Repurchase Price and other amounts due and payable by the applicable Seller to the 
LLP, the LLP will pay such excess to the applicable Seller in accordance with the Post-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments. 
As the rights of the LLP have been pledged to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Creditors pursuant 
to the Security Agreement, the Collateral Agent will, in accordance with the terms of the Security Agreement, 
exercise the rights of the LLP as non-defaulting party under the MRA. In addition, as the parties have structured 
each Repurchase Transaction under the MRA to be separate and distinct obligations between the applicable Seller 
and the LLP and as the LLP has pledged its rights in the Purchased Securities to the Collateral Agent for the benefit 
of the related Secured Creditors, if the non-defaulting party exercises or is deemed to have exercised the option to 
declare a Repurchase Event of Default, the resulting rights and obligations of the applicable Seller and the LLP will 
be determined separately for each outstanding Repurchase Transaction and such obligations may only be netted 
against each other to the extent that more than one Repurchase Transaction relates to a single Class of Notes. 
Upon a Repurchase Event of Default where the applicable Seller is the defaulting party, the applicable Seller will be 
liable to the LLP for (i) the amount of all reasonable legal or other expenses incurred by the LLP in connection with 
or as a result of a Repurchase Event of Default, (ii) damages in an amount equal to the cost (including all fees, 
expenses and commissions) of entering into replacement transactions and entering into or terminating hedge 
transactions in connection with or as a result of a Repurchase Event of Default, (iii) any other loss, damage, cost or 
expense directly arising or resulting from the occurrence of a Repurchase Event of Default in respect of a 
Repurchase Transaction, and (iv) interest on any amounts owing by the applicable Seller under the MRA. 
If a Repurchase Event of Default occurs with the applicable Seller as the defaulting party and provided no 
Acceleration Event has occurred, the non-defaulting party may not make any election to declare a Repurchase Event 
of Default or pursue any remedies under the MRA during the Election Period triggered by such Repurchase Event of 
Default. If the Issuer makes the Issuer Collateral Posting Election pursuant to the Credit Support Deed, the non-
defaulting party will be deemed to have exercised the option to declare a Repurchase Event of Default, and the 
Repurchase Date for each Repurchase Transaction under the MRA will, if it has not already occurred, be deemed 
immediately to occur. Pursuant to the Collateral Administration Agreement, the Collateral Administrator will 
(or will cause the Custodian to) determine the Margin Amount, if any, for each Repurchase Transaction under such 
Repurchase Agreement and report such amount to the Issuer and the Administrator. For each Repurchase 
Transaction for which there is Margin Amount, the Custodian (on behalf of the LLP) will pay or return Purchased 
Securities in an amount equal to such Margin Amount for each Repurchase Transaction in accordance with the 
relevant Custodial Agreement, upon the Issuer's delivery of the initial posting under the Credit Support Deed. 
The failure of the applicable Seller to make any payment or delivery referred to in the MRA in respect of any 
Repurchase Transaction will not be a Repurchase Event of Default if such failure arises solely by reason of an error 
or omission of an administrative or operational nature made by the applicable Seller or the Custodian, subject to the 
satisfaction of certain conditions. 
Other provisions 
A Repurchase Transaction may at any time between the Purchase Date and the Repurchase Date be varied by the 
transfer by the Buyer to the applicable Seller of Securities equivalent to the Purchased Securities, or to such 
Purchased Securities as shall be agreed, in exchange for the transfer by the applicable Seller to the Buyer of other 
Eligible Securities having a Market Value at the date of the variation at least equal to the Market Value of the 
Equivalent Securities ("New Purchased Securities") having a Market Value at the date of the variation at least 
equal to the Market Value of the Equivalent Securities transferred; provided that, such variation does not cause a 
Transaction Exposure of Buyer to the applicable Seller. 
The applicable Seller will be entitled to receive from the LLP an amount, with respect to any Purchased Securities 
(including Margin Securities) at any time, equal to all interest, dividends or other distributions thereon, including 
distributions which are a payment or repayment of principal in respect of the relevant securities ("Income") paid or 
distributed on or in respect of such securities. The LLP (or the applicable Custodian on its behalf) will, on the date 
such Income is paid or distributed, transfer to or credit to the account of such Seller such Income with respect to any 
Purchased Securities (including Margin Securities). Neither the LLP nor such Custodian will be obligated to take

--- Page 112 ---
106 
any action pursuant to the preceding sentence (i) to the extent that such action would result in the creation of a 
Transaction Exposure with respect to the related Repurchase Transaction, unless prior thereto or simultaneously 
therewith the applicable Seller transfers to the LLP cash or Margin Securities sufficient to eliminate such 
Transaction Exposure, or (ii) if a Repurchase Event of Default with respect to such Seller has occurred as of the time 
such Income is paid or distributed. 
Repurchase Transactions relating to mortgage loans repurchased in connection with Mortgage Repo Classes are 
subject to separate terms and provisions described in Exhibit I to this Base Prospectus. See "Exhibit I—Mortgage 
Repo Class Transaction Documents—Mortgage Repo Repurchase Agreements". 
ISDA 2018 US Resolution Stay Protocol 
The LLP and each of the Sellers have adhered to the ISDA 2018 US Resolution Stay Protocol (the "US Stay 
Protocol"). The US Stay Protocol was created to allow market participants to comply with regulations issued by the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ("FRB") (12 C.F.R. §§ 252.2, 252.81-88), the US Federal 
Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC")  (12 C.F.R. §§ 382.1-7) and the US Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency ("OCC") (12 C.F.R. §§ 47.1-8) ("US Stay Regulations").  The US Stay Regulations impose 
requirements on the terms of swaps, repos and other qualified financial contracts ("QFCs") of global systemically 
important banking organizations ("G-SIBs"). 
The US Stay Protocol enables Entities Subject to US Regulations (as defined below) and their counterparties to 
amend the terms of the covered QFCs between them (unless they are excluded or exempted) to expressly recognize 
existing limits on the exercise of default rights by counterparties under the Orderly Liquidation Authority provisions 
of Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("OLA") and the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act ("FDI Act") as well as the powers of the FDIC under OLA and the FDI Act to transfer contracts; and 
limit the ability of counterparties to exercise default rights related, directly or indirectly, to affiliates of Entities 
Subject to US Regulations entering into insolvency proceedings (including under the US Bankruptcy Code) and 
permit the transfer of related credit support provided by a covered affiliate in such a resolution scenario. 
Regulated entities under the ISDA US Stay Protocol are those entities that either are subject to the US Stay 
Regulations or, in the case of foreign banking organizations, have a US branch or agency that is subject to the US 
Stay Regulations and, in both cases, identify themselves as a regulated entity in their adherence letter. Entities that 
are subject to the US Stay Regulations are "Covered Entities" as defined in the regulations issued by the FRB (12 
C.F.R. §§ 252.2, 252.81-88), "Covered FSIs" as defined in the regulations issued by the FDIC  (12 C.F.R. §§ 382.1-
7) and "Covered Banks" as defined in the regulations issued by the OCC (12 C.F.R. §§ 47.1-8) (collectively, 
"Entities Subject to US Regulations"). Regulated Entities under the ISDA US Stay Protocol generally include 
members of banking groups that have been designated as G-SIBs under the FRB's Regulation YY. 
Custodial Agreements 
Each Custodial Agreement that will be entered into with respect to the Collateralised Medium Term Note Series will 
be comprised of either (a) a tri-party agreement between the applicable Seller, the Buyer and the applicable 
Custodian or (b) a set of two related agreements: one between the applicable Seller (as collateral provider or 
collateral giver) and the applicable Custodian, and one between the LLP (as collateral receiver) and the Custodian. 
With respect to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Custodian, the LLP and the Custodian entered into (i) a tri-party, 
custodial undertaking with BCI, as Seller dated on or about the First Amendment Closing Date, in connection with 
the BCI MRA and (ii) a tri-party, custodial undertaking with Barclays, as Seller dated as of the First Amendment 
Closing Date, in connection with the Barclays MRA (each, a "Custodial Arrangement"), in connection with the 
Programme. With respect to J.P. Morgan Bank Luxembourg S.A., as Custodian, the Bank executed a collateral 
management service agreement, dated 12 November 2018, as collateral giver, and the LLP executed a collateral 
management service agreement dated on or about 18 September 2019, as collateral receiver (collectively, the "JPM
CMSA"). With respect to Clearstream, Luxembourg, as Custodian, the Bank executed a collateral management 
service agreement, dated 6 November 2006, as collateral giver, as amended by the Undertaking and Side Agreement 
dated as of 4 June 2013 and the LLP executed a collateral management service agreement dated as of the Series 
Closing Date, as collateral receiver as amended by the Amendment and Restatement to the Undertaking and Side 
Agreement dated as of 4 June 2013 (collectively, the "CMSA"). The Bank of New York Mellon, as Custodian,

--- Page 113 ---
107 
executed (a) a Collateral Management Master Agreement, dated as of 19 April 2007, with BCSL as collateral 
provider, (b) a Collateral Management Master Agreement, dated as of 19 April 2007, with the Bank as collateral 
provider, and (c) a Collateral Management Master Agreement, dated as of 4 June 2013, with the LLP as collateral 
receiver, each as supplemented and otherwise amended by the side letter, dated as of 4 June 2013, between the 
Bank, BCSL, The Bank of New York Mellon and the LLP (collectively, the "CMMA"). Additionally, The Bank of 
New York Mellon, as Custodian, executed (a) a Custodial Undertaking, dated as of 19 November 2010, as amended 
and restated on 21 October 2011, with BCI as a seller and the LLP as buyer, and (b) a Custodial Undertaking, dated 
on or about the First Amendment Closing Date, with the Bank as a seller and the LLP as buyer (each, a "Custodial 
Undertaking". In connection with Restricted Securities Collateral constituting Visa B Common Stock, The Bank of 
New York Mellon, as Custodian, entered into a Global Custody Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment 
Closing Date, with the LLP, as customer (the "Restricted Securities Collateral Custody Agreement" and together 
with each Custodial Undertaking, each Custodial Arrangement, the JPM CMSA, the CMSA and the CMMA, the 
"Custodial Agreements" and each a "Custodial Agreement"). Additional Custodial Agreements may be executed 
in the future in connection with the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series, or another Series.The 
Custodial Agreements may be governed by laws of various jurisdictions, including England and Wales, 
Luxembourg and New York. Each Custodial Agreement is generally in the standard form utilised by the applicable 
Custodian in respect of its triparty repurchase business (or other custodial business with respect to the Restricted 
Securities Collateral Custody Agreement). 
Each Custodian's responsibilities generally include, among other things: (a) maintaining an account for cash and 
securities for the benefit of the applicable Seller (collectively and with respect to such Seller, such Seller's account) 
and following only such Seller's instructions with respect such Seller's account; (b) maintaining an account for cash 
and securities for the benefit of the LLP in one or more Collateral Accounts, and following the LLP's instructions (or 
the instructions of the Administrator, Collateral Administrator or Applicable Enforcing Party on behalf of the LLP) 
with respect to the Buyer's account; (c) on each Business Day, with respect to each applicable Repurchase 
Transaction, determining the then Margin Value of all Purchased Securities held in the Buyer's account in respect 
such Repurchase Transaction; (d) upon receipt of the applicable Seller's instructions with respect to specific 
Repurchase Transactions, transferring or directing transfer of amounts and Purchased Securities between the Buyer's 
account and such Seller's account; and (e) crediting to the applicable Seller's account all Income received by such 
Custodian, except in the event such Custodian receives a notice of a Repurchase Event of Default, in which event 
such amounts will be credited to the Buyer's account. The terms "Seller's account" and "Buyer's account" are not 
used in the Custodial Agreements, and are used here as generic descriptors because the defined terms in the actual 
Custodial Agreements are not consistent with each other. 
The Buyer's account, although generally expressed as a single account in the related Custodial Agreements, may be 
comprised of multiple accounts established by the related Custodian, each such account constituting the Collateral 
Account for the related Repurchase Transaction and Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. In the case 
of The Bank of New York Mellon as Custodian, separate, segregated accounts are expected to be created in order to 
establish each Collateral Account for which it is the Custodian. In the case of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
Custodian, the Buyer's account will be maintained as a single account and the segregation of the Class Collateral 
will be achieved by Clearstream, Luxembourg, maintaining books and records that reflect the allocation of assets to 
each applicable Repurchase Transaction to which a Class is related, similar to the manner in which sub-accounts are 
customarily established and maintained. 
The Custodial Agreement with Clearstream, Luxembourg is supplemented by a Transaction Bank Relationship 
Management Agreement, dated as of the Series Closing Date, and the related letter agreement, dated 4 June 2013 
(collectively, the "Transaction Bank Agreement"), among Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, the LLP, and 
The Bank of New York Mellon. Under the Transaction Bank Agreement, Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, 
will maintain a cash account (the "TB Source Account") in which it holds only assets entrusted to The Bank of 
New York Mellon as custodian (the "Transaction Bank") for the LLP. The relationship between The Bank of New 
York Mellon (London Branch) and the LLP with respect to the TB Source Account is governed by a Custody 
Agreement (the "Custody Agreement"), between The Bank of New York Mellon (London Branch), as custodian, 
the LLP, as security provider, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as security trustee, dated the Series Closing Date. 
Under the Custody Agreement, The Bank of New York Mellon (London Branch) is appointed by the LLP as 
custodian of the cash deposited with it by the LLP, agrees to maintain a cash account, on behalf of the LLP, and held 
in accordance with the Transaction Bank Agreement and agrees to make transfers of cash and securities pursuant to

--- Page 114 ---
108 
instructions received by the LLP or an authorised person. Any time after an Acceleration Event, the Transaction 
Bank shall act only at the direction of The Bank of New York Mellon, as security trustee. 
Class Collateral with respect to Classes subject to the Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol is expected to be held 
under the Restricted Securities Collateral Custody Agreement (with respect to Eligible Collateral subject to the 
Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol) and the CMMA (with respect to Eligible Collateral not subject to the 
Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol). In connection with this custodial arrangement, the LLP, the Bank of New 
York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch (the "Collateral Monitoring Agent"), the Collateral Agent, The Bank of New 
York Mellon, as "Liquid Collateral Custodian" with respect to Class Collatral held pursuant to the CMMA, and The 
Bank of New York Mellon, as "Restricted Securities Collateral Custodian" with respect to Class Collateral held 
pursuant to the Restricted Securities Collateral Custody Agreement, have entered into a Collateral Monitoring 
Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment Closing Date (the "Collateral Monitoring Agent"). Under the 
Collateral Monitoring Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Agent has agreed to perform certain responsibilities of 
the custodians, including reporting, determining the market value of the Restricted Securities Collateral and 
reconciling reporting of collateral relating to any Class held pursuant to both the CMMA and the Restricted 
Securities Collateral Custody Agreement. Therefore, with respect to Classes subject to the Restricted Securities 
Collateral Protocol, certain of the obligations of the Custodians may be performed by the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent in accordance with the Collateral Monitoring Agreement. 
For the execution of each Repurchase Transaction, the applicable Seller or the Administrator on behalf of the Seller 
will deliver to the applicable Custodian (with a copy to the Administrator) an electronic instruction, substantially in 
the form of an exhibit to the applicable Repurchase Agreement, in connection with such Repurchase Transaction 
(the "Trade Instruction"). Unless specified to the contrary in the Trade Instruction for any Repurchase Transaction, 
such Seller will, by delivery thereof, instruct such Custodian, pursuant to the applicable Custodial Agreement, to 
identify Eligible Securities in such Seller's account to be transferred to the Buyer's account for purposes of such 
Repurchase Transaction. Under the Custodial Agreements, the electronic instructions from Seller must be confirmed 
by matching instructions from the LLP. With respect to Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, as Custodian, if it 
determines that there are any material discrepancies between the instructions sent by the applicable Seller and the 
LLP, it will give notice of such discrepancy to such Seller and the LLP and will not effect the proposed Repurchase 
Transaction pending receipt of matching instructions. With respect to The Bank of New York Mellon as Custodian, 
if either the applicable Seller or the LLP, respectively, does not have sufficient available Eligible Securities or cash 
in its account, the Custodian will notify such Seller and the LLP and await the receipt of the requisite cash or 
Eligible Securities. If sufficient cash or Eligible Securities are not available by the applicable clearing deadline, the 
Custodian will settle as follows: if the Buyer's account has insufficient cash to meet the applicable Purchase Price, 
the available cash will be deemed to be the Purchase Price, the amount of Eligible Securities to be debited from the 
Seller's account will be reduced accordingly, the remaining terms of the Repurchase Transaction will be determined 
in accordance with the Trade Instruction, and the Seller and the LLP will provide the Custodian with further 
matching instructions for a recalculated Purchase Price for such Repurchase Transaction. If the Seller has 
insufficient available Eligible Securities, the Custodian will transfer cash in an amount equal to the aggregate 
Margin Value of such Eligible Securities, and the difference between the amount credited to the Buyer's account and 
the Purchase Price will be held in the Buyer's account and designated as cash held in substitution for Eligible 
Collateral. 
The Custodians will also process requests for substitutions, and deliver notices regarding Margin Deficits and 
Margin Excesses, if any, following their daily valuation of the Purchased Securities held by them respectively under 
their Custodial Agreement. The Custodial Agreements do not specify the exact methodology or pricing services to 
be used by each Custodian in valuing securities, and accordingly each Custodian is expected to use, in respect of the 
Programme, the same methodologies and processes as are used by them in their triparty custodial business generally. 
The Collateral Monitoring Agent will determine the market value of Visa B Common Stock on the basis of the value 
of Visa A Common Stock (as determined pursuant to its usual methodologies and processes) and then publicly 
available Class B Share Conversion Rate. 
Custodial arrangements relating to mortgage loans repurchased in connection with Mortgage Repo Classes are 
subject to separate terms and provisions described in Exhibit I to this Base Prospectus. See "Exhibit I—Mortgage 
Repo Class Transaction Documents—Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreements".

--- Page 115 ---
109 
The Collateral Administration Agreement 
Barclays Bank PLC (in its capacities as Issuer and Administrator) has entered into a collateral administration 
agreement, dated the Series Closing Date, as amended and restated on the First Amendment Closing Date and as 
may be further amended on the Second Amendment Closing Date, as the same may be further amended, modified, 
extended or renewed from time to time (the "Collateral Administration Agreement"), with The Bank of New 
York Mellon (acting through its London Branch), as the Collateral Administrator, and the LLP. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Administration Agreement, the Collateral Administrator agrees to take any 
and all action, whether in conjunction with each applicable Custodian or otherwise, to: (i) administer the acquisition 
and administration of Purchased Securities and other investments on behalf of the LLP under each applicable 
Repurchase Agreement, (ii) administer the allocation of Purchased Securities to each Class of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes, (iii) maintain records for each Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes, (iv) administer the Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments for each Class of Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes on behalf of the LLP, (v) provide certain other administration and management services to the LLP with 
respect to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes on terms and subject to the conditions contained in the 
Collateral Administration Agreement and (vi) exercise its respective rights, powers and discretions, and deliver any 
instructions or notices or provide any services necessary to enable to the LLP to perform its duties under and in 
relation to each applicable Custodial Agreement, each applicable Repurchase Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents related to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
Certain of the obligations of the Collateral Administrator may be performed by the applicable Custodian in 
accordance with the terms of the applicable Custodial Agreement. 
Allocation of Class Collateral 
The Collateral Administrator, on a daily basis, will provide any instructions to each applicable Custodian on behalf 
of the LLP as may be necessary for such Custodian to allocate the Purchased Securities transferred under each 
applicable Repurchase Transaction to a related Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, and to 
deposit such Purchased Securities into the Collateral Account established for such Class pursuant to the Security 
Agreement. Such Collateral Account may be segregated for each Class for each Repurchase Transaction related to 
such Class for which the related Collateral is held with the relevant Custodian or be a single Collateral Account for 
all Repurchase Transactions related to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes for which related Collateral is 
held with the relevant Custodian, so long as such Custodian maintains separate books and records for each such 
applicable Class. The Collateral Administrator will provide any instructions to each applicable Custodian on behalf 
of the LLP as may be necessary for each such Custodian to allocate Purchased Securities to the Collateral Account 
related to any Class in accordance with the Final Terms for such Class and in a manner such that no Margin Deficit 
shall remain unsatisfied in accordance with the terms of the related Repurchase Agreement. To the extent that such 
Custodian has specified an allocation pursuant to instructions given pursuant to such Custodial Agreement, and such 
allocation is consistent with the preceding sentence, the Collateral Administrator will adopt and provide any 
instructions to the applicable Custodian on behalf of the LLP as may be necessary for such Custodian to implement 
such allocation. 
To the extent that there is a Margin Deficit or Margin Excess with respect to any Repurchase Transaction and no 
Repurchase Event of Default has occurred, the Collateral Administrator will provide any instructions to the 
applicable Custodian on behalf of the LLP as may be necessary for such Custodian to effect a Margin Transfer into 
or out of, as applicable, the Collateral Account for the Class related to such Repurchase Transaction in order to 
eliminate the Margin Deficit or Margin Excess for such Repurchase Transaction. In addition, following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Collateral Posting Election (if applicable) and the distribution of cash and Purchased 
Securities in the amount of any Margin Amount to the applicable Seller as described under "Summary of the 
Transaction Documents—The Credit Support Deed", the Collateral Administrator will thereafter calculate any 
Margin Deficit or Margin Excess for each Repurchase Transaction on each Business Day. 
In the event that insufficient Eligible Securities are available to the applicable Custodian to effect one or more 
Repurchase Transactions using the funds available to the LLP, the Collateral Administrator, at the written direction 
of the Administrator, will purchase overnight money market funds having ratings from no less than two Rating

--- Page 116 ---
110 
Agencies in one of the top three ratings categories (including, but not limited to, any such investment for which the 
Collateral Administrator or any of its affiliates serves as investment manager or advisor) ("Authorised 
Investments") using funds on deposit in the Series Operating Account for the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Note Series and direct that all such Authorised Investments are credited to the Collateral Account related to the 
Class to which such funds relate; provided, however, that if the Collateral Administrator is not reasonably able to 
purchase such Authorised Investments or has not received proper instructions from the Administrator, the Collateral 
Administrator will direct that such funds are deposited in the Collateral Account related to such Class and held 
uninvested therein. 
The Collateral Administrator will direct that each Custodian maintains accounts and records for the Purchased 
Securities and other assets on deposit in each Collateral Account. The Collateral will at all times remain the property 
of the LLP, subject only to the extent of the security interest and rights therein of the Applicable Enforcing Party 
pursuant to the related Security Agreement. The Collateral Administrator will direct that the Custodians jointly 
receive and hold in the Collateral Accounts related to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series, 
all Purchased Securities segregated and maintained therein pursuant to the terms of the applicable Custodial 
Agreement and the Collateral Administration Agreement. 
Conditions to Entering Into a Repurchase Transaction 
In no event will the Collateral Administrator knowingly cause (or, to the extent it is within its control, permit any 
Custodian to cause) the LLP to acquire any Purchased Security under any proposed Repurchase Transaction under 
any Repurchase Agreement on any day if: (a) the acquisition of such Purchased Security would cause the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes issued with respect thereto to become subject to a requirement to make a public 
offering thereof under any applicable securities laws; (b) such Purchased Security is not an Eligible Security 
pursuant to the applicable Repurchase Transaction on such day; (c) an Issuer Event of Default (or potential Issuer 
Event of Default) has been declared or deemed declared and is continuing; (d) an LLP Event of Default (or potential 
LLP Event of Default) has been declared or deemed declared and is continuing with respect to the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note Series; (e) a Repurchase Event of Default has occurred under such Repurchase 
Agreement; (f) after giving effect to the LLP's purchase of the related Purchased Securities and the payment of all or 
any portion of the related Purchase Price to the applicable Seller pursuant to the applicable Repurchase Agreement, 
a Margin Deficit exists on such day under the related Repurchase Transaction that has not been cured; (g) the LLP 
does not have sufficient funds available (after giving effect to all payments expected to be received on such date) to 
pay the portion of the applicable Purchase Price therefor required to be paid to the applicable Seller on such day, 
pursuant to the applicable Repurchase Agreement; (h) to the extent such Purchased Securities constitute Restricted 
Securities Collateral, the acquisition of such Purchased Security would violate any Restricted Securities Collateral 
Protocol applicable thereto; or (i) any other condition set forth in such Repurchase Agreement is not satisfied. 
Reports 
On each Business Day, the Collateral Administrator, using information provided by the applicable Custodian, will 
prepare and deliver or make available (via a password protected internet website or otherwise) to each of the holders 
of such Class a report (the "Daily Noteholder Allocation Report") setting forth certain information with respect to 
the Class Collateral related to such Class (in each case as of the close of business on the immediately preceding 
Business Day), including but not limited to the credit rating (to the extent applicable), maturity, coupon rate, 
notional value and market value of the Purchased Securities related thereto. The actual form of the Daily Noteholder 
Allocation Report may change from time to time. 
Collateral Accounts 
The Collateral Administrator will direct that the following amounts (collectively, the "Available Receipts" 
with respect to such Class) are deposited into the Collateral Account for the applicable Class of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note Series: (a) any amounts from the applicable Seller to be payable to the LLP 
pursuant to the terms of the related Repurchase Transaction, including, following a Repurchase Event of Default, all 
income received with respect to the related Purchased Securities; (b) the Advances under the Intercompany Loan in 
connection with the issuance of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes of the related Class of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note Series; (c) any Authorised Investments acquired by the Collateral Administrator

--- Page 117 ---
111 
on behalf of the LLP pursuant to the Collateral Administration Agreement; (d) in accordance with the Security 
Agreement, following a Repurchase Event of Default and related Issuer Collateral Posting Election pursuant to the 
relevant Credit Support Deed (if any), any posted securities delivered by the Issuer with respect to such Class 
thereunder; and (e) any other amounts whatsoever received by or on behalf of the LLP with respect to such Class. 
Such Collateral Account may be a segregated account for the applicable Class or be a single Collateral Account for 
all Repurchase Transactions related to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes for which related Collateral is 
held with the relevant Custodian, so long as such Custodian maintains separate books and records for each such 
applicable Class. Each of the deposits into any of the Collateral Accounts related to the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note Series will be made promptly upon receipt by the LLP, the applicable Custodian or the 
Collateral Administrator, as the case may be, of the amount or property in question. 
Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
On each Business Day prior to the occurrence of an Acceleration Event with respect to a given Class, the Collateral 
Administrator will apply (or will direct the applicable Custodian to apply) all Available Receipts related to such 
Class, to make the following payments with respect to such Class in the following order of priority 
(the "Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments" with respect to such Class) (in each case only if and to the extent 
that payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(a) 
first, any amounts due and payable by the LLP with respect to such Class under the LLP 
Undertaking related to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series to the extent not already paid, including 
but not limited to the interest, if any, with respect to such Class when due and payable in accordance with the terms 
of such Class (for the avoidance of doubt, the amounts owed by the LLP to the Issuer under the Intercompany Loan 
will be reduced pro tanto by any amounts paid or provided for by the LLP with respect to such Class under the 
terms of the LLP Undertaking related to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series); 
(b) 
second, in or towards payment, to or at the direction of the Issuer, of any amounts due or to 
become due and payable, if any, under the Intercompany Loan with respect to the Advance related to such Class of 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes; 
(c) 
third, to the applicable Seller any amounts due and payable by the LLP to such Seller with respect 
to any Repurchase Transaction related to such Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes; and 
(d) 
fourth, to the LLP Master Account, to be applied on the next succeeding Business Day in 
accordance with the LLP Deed; 
provided, however, that no Available Receipts will be paid from the Collateral Account for such Class pursuant to 
clauses (b) through (d) above until such Class has been repaid in full. In addition, the Collateral Administrator may 
make (or may direct the applicable Custodian to make) withdrawals from the Collateral Accounts to correct certain 
unintentional overpayments, or to refund rejected payments. 
Removal or Resignation of Collateral Administrator 
The Administrator may, upon written notice to the Collateral Administrator, terminate the Collateral Administrator's 
rights and obligations immediately if any of the following events (each, a "Collateral Administrator Termination 
Event") occurs: (a) the Collateral Administrator fails to pay any amount due and payable by it or in the performance 
of its obligations with respect to payments or cash management and such failure is not remedied for a period of two 
(2) Business Days after the Collateral Administrator becoming aware of such default; (b) the Collateral 
Administrator defaults in the performance or observance of any of its other covenants and material obligations under 
the Collateral Administration Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, which in the opinion of the 
Administrator (acting on behalf of the LLP) is materially prejudicial to the interests of the LLP or the Noteholders of 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series from time to time, and such default continues unremedied for a 
period of twenty (20) Business Days after the Collateral Administrator becoming aware of such default; (c) the 
Collateral Administrator becomes subject to an Insolvency Event; or (d) the LLP (or the Administrator) resolves that 
the appointment of the Collateral Administrator should be terminated. For purposes of the foregoing, "Insolvency

--- Page 118 ---
112 
Event" means, with respect to any person (i) such person is unable or admits its inability to pay its debts as they fall 
due, or suspends making payments on any of its debts; or (ii) the value of the assets of such person is less than the 
amount of its liabilities, taking into account its contingent and prospective liabilities; or (iii) a moratorium is 
declared with respect to any indebtedness of such person; or (iv) a standalone moratorium is put in place; or (v) the 
commencement of negotiations with one or more creditors of such person with a view to rescheduling any 
indebtedness of such person; or (vi) any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in 
relation to (1) the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or 
other similar official in relation to such person or in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of 
such person; or (2) an encumbrancer (excluding, in relation to the Applicable Enforcing Party for any Series) taking 
possession of all or substantially all of the undertaking or assets of such person; or (3) the making of an 
arrangement, composition, or compromise, (whether by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement, 
restructuring plan or otherwise) with any creditor of such person, a reorganisation of such person, a conveyance to 
or assignment for the creditors of such person generally or the making of an application to a court of competent 
jurisdiction for protection from the creditors of such person generally; or (4) any distress, execution, attachment or 
other process being levied or enforced or imposed upon or against all or substantially all of the undertaking or assets 
of such person (excluding, in relation to the Issuer, by any receiver); or (vi) such person is not Solvent; or (vii) any 
procedure or step is taken, or any event occurs, analogous to those set forth in (i) to (vi) of this definition, in any 
jurisdiction; 
Such termination of the Collateral Administrator will not become effective until such time as the LLP will have 
appointed a replacement Collateral Administrator in the manner set forth in the Collateral Administration 
Agreement and such appointment has been accepted. Upon termination of the appointment of the Collateral 
Administrator as collateral administrator under the Collateral Administration Agreement, the Administrator will use 
its reasonable efforts to appoint as soon as reasonably possible a replacement collateral administrator that satisfies 
the conditions set forth below. The Collateral Administrator may resign all of its appointments under the Collateral 
Administration Agreement at any time following the expiry of not less than 60 days' notice of resignation given by 
the Collateral Administrator to the LLP, the Administrator and the Applicable Enforcing Party without providing 
any reason therefor and without being responsible for any liability incurred by reason thereof unless such liability 
arises as a result of its own gross negligence, willful default or fraud (or such shorter time as may be agreed between 
the Collateral Administrator, the LLP and the Administrator) provided that: (a) a replacement collateral 
administrator has been appointed (subject to the prior written consent of the Administrator), such appointment to be 
effective not later than the date of such termination; (b) such replacement collateral administrator enters into an 
agreement on substantially the same terms as the relevant provisions of the Collateral Administration Agreement, 
and the Collateral Administrator is not released from its obligations under the relevant provisions of the Collateral 
Administration Agreement until such replacement collateral administrator has entered into such new agreement and 
the rights of the LLP under such agreement are pledged in favour of the Applicable Enforcing Party on terms 
satisfactory to the Applicable Enforcing Party; (c) such replacement collateral administrator has all licenses, 
authorisations and qualifications required under applicable law for it to perform the services contemplated by the 
Collateral Administration Agreement; and (d) if no replacement collateral administrator shall have been so 
appointed and have accepted appointment within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the 
Collateral Administrator may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a replacement. 
In addition, The Bank of New York Mellon (London Branch) has the right to resign as Collateral Administrator, 
without regard to any notice requirement set forth in the Collateral Administration Agreement but subject to the 
appointment of a successor Collateral Administrator and the satisfaction of certain other conditions, if its 
appointment as a Custodian is terminated. 
Amendment of GCMTN Series Documents 
Subject to the below, the Administrator may at any time, without the consent or sanction of the Secured Creditors 
related to the affected Class(es) of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, consent to any action or amend or 
otherwise modify any of the terms of the Collateral Administration Agreement or any other GCMTN Series 
Document governed by English law (each, an "Amendment"); provided that the Security Trustee, Collateral 
Administrator, and Issue and Paying Agent, as applicable, have received a written officer's certificate from the 
Administrator that such Amendment will not adversely affect in any material respect the interests of any Secured 
Creditor related to the affected Class(es) of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes (an "MAE Certificate").

--- Page 119 ---
113 
Any such Amendment may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions, if any, as the Administrator may 
reasonably determine necessary or appropriate. To the extent that the Administrator does not deliver an MAE 
Certificate with respect to any proposed Amendment, such proposed Amendment may proceed and, provided that
the Issuer has given not less than five (5) Business Days' written notice of the substance of the Amendment (in an 
amendment or supplement to, or reissuance of, this Base Prospectus for the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes) to each Holder or prospective purchaser of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, will become effective 
upon either: (a) the date upon which all the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that were outstanding on the 
date that the notice above was first given shall have been paid in full or, if any such Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes remain outstanding, the Administrator has provided the Security Trustee with the prior written consent 
of each Holder of such outstanding Notes, as set forth in the Series Register maintained by the Collateral 
Administrator; or (b) if the nature of the Amendment is, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrator, such that it 
can become effective with respect to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes as they are issued (but not take 
effect as against the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that remain outstanding), the date designated by the 
Administrator in the notice above, but solely with effect for all Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes with an 
Issue Date falling on or after such date and not with respect to any Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that 
remain outstanding. 
In determining whether the applicable Amendment conditions have been met, the Security Trustee, Collateral 
Administrator, and Issue and Paying Agent, as applicable, shall be entitled to rely on a certificate of the 
Administrator and an opinion of counsel. A certification will become effective on the date prescribed therein or 
immediately on execution, if no date is prescribed. After an Amendment becomes effective, it shall bind each of the 
parties to the GCMTN Series Document in question, and each Secured Creditor related to the affected Class(es) of 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, whether or not notation of that Amendment is made on any note, 
instrument, agreement or other document providing for the Secured Obligation of such Secured Creditor. 
The Security Trustee, Collateral Administrator and Issue and Paying Agent will not be obligated to execute or 
consent to any Amendment of a GCMTN Series Document to which it is a party which adversely affects its rights, 
immunities and indemnities under such GCMTN Series Document. 
The LLP Undertakings 
The LLP entered into an English law undertaking, dated as of the Series Closing Date, in respect of the Collateral 
relating to the Security Agreement (English Law) (the "LLP Undertaking (English Law)"), in favour of the 
Security Trustee. The LLP entered into a New York law undertaking, dated as of the First Amendment Closing 
Date, in respect of the Collateral relating to the Security Agreement (New York Law) (the "LLP Undertaking (New 
York Law)" and together, with the LLP Undertaking (English Law), the "LLP Undertakings"), in favour of the 
Collateral Agent. 
The obligations of the LLP under the LLP Undertakings for the applicable Class of Notes are limited recourse 
obligations that are limited to the Collateral expressed in the applicable Security Agreement to such Class (or with 
respect to any Shared Collateral Class Group, the related Classes in such Shared Collateral Class Group) and the 
proceeds thereof, and any payments with respect to such Class or Shared Collateral Class Group under the LLP 
Undertaking are limited by and subject to the priorities of payments related to such Class of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. Therefore, in the event the amount realised upon any liquidation or distribution 
of Collateral applicable to any Class following an Acceleration Event is less than the Payment Amount with respect 
thereto, no holder of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes of such Class will have any recourse to any 
other Collateral, including without limitation, any Class Collateral of any other Class (except to the extent of Class 
Collateral of other Classes in a Shared Collateral Class Group), or any excess proceeds derived from the liquidation 
or distribution of the Class Collateral applicable to any other Class (except to the extent of Class Collateral of other 
Classes in a Shared Collateral Class Group), nor will it have recourse to any of the LLP's other assets or its 
contributed capital. 
Subject to the limited recourse nature of the LLP's obligations in respect of the LLP Undertakings discussed in the 
immediately preceding paragraph, the LLP, as primary obligor and not merely as surety, has promised to make full 
and prompt payment, when a Class is Due for Payment and at all times thereafter, of the Issuer's obligations with 
respect to each such Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series to pay all Payment Amounts with

--- Page 120 ---
114 
respect to each such Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series, as the same may be amended, 
modified, extended or renewed from time to time. Delivery or receipt of an Acceleration Notice will not be a 
condition to the foregoing obligations of the LLP, nor will non-receipt of an Acceleration Notice or defects therein 
constitute an excuse to avoid or delay such payment. Payment Amount means (without giving effect to any 
cancellation, modification or change in the liability or form of liability of the Issuer, resulting from the making of a 
special bail-in provision (as such term is defined in section 48B of the Banking Act), with respect to any Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note Series (x) issued on a discount basis, the face amount thereof, provided that
if such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note is accelerated on a date prior to its maturity date, the Payment 
Amount for such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note will be the sum of the amount paid by the related 
original Holder to the Issuer for such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note, plus an amount equal to the portion 
of the discount accreted through the Acceleration Date, and (y) issued on an interest-bearing basis, the outstanding 
principal amount thereof plus the accrued but unpaid interest; provided that if such Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Note is accelerated on a date prior to its maturity date, the Payment Amount for such Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note will be the outstanding principal amount thereof plus the accrued but unpaid interest thereon 
only through the Acceleration Date; provided further the foregoing clauses (x) or (y) will not include any amount 
representing an additional amount owed, owing or to be paid to any holder of any Class by either Issuer on account 
of or in respect of any deduction or withholding for tax. 
Should any payment in respect of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, whether by the LLP under the LLP 
Undertaking or by the Issuer, be made subject to any deduction or withholding on account of any Taxes, the LLP 
will not be obliged to pay any additional amounts in respect of any sum deducted or withheld. 
The LLP entered into a separate undertaking relating to Mortgage Repo Classes described in Exhibit I to this Base 
Prospectus. See "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreements".
The Security Agreement (English Law) 
Pursuant to the Security Agreement (English Law):  
(a)
the LLP transfers and agrees to transfer by way of absolute assignment to the Security Trustee to 
hold on trust for the Relevant Secured Creditors that are European System Secured Creditors all of the 
LLP's legal and beneficial rights in, to and under (a) the European System Class Collateral and European 
System Intangible Collateral relating to each Class with a related European System Secured Creditor 
(except for the Clearstream Rights and Collateral); and (b) the European System Unallocated Collateral 
(except for the Clearstream Rights and Collateral) relating to the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes Series with a related European System Secured Creditor, in each case to the extent such Collateral or 
rights constitute Financial Collateral; 
(b)
any Collateral and rights falling within Clause (a) above which are held by the LLP on the date of 
the Security Agreement shall be immediately and automatically transferred to the Security Trustee on the 
date of the Security Agreement; and 
(c)
any Collateral and rights falling within Clause (a) which are transferred to the LLP, or to which 
the LLP shall otherwise become entitled, after the date of the Security Agreement shall be transferred 
pursuant to Clause (a) immediately and automatically upon that transfer to the LLP occurring or that 
entitlement arising. 
For purposes of this "Summary of the Transaction Documents" section, the defined terms have the following 
meanings: 
"Bid Set Value" means in relation to any Class subject to an auction or bidding process described in "-
Qualified Directing Investors" in relation to the Security Agreement (English Law) or the Security 
Agreement (New York law), as applicable, but not sold thereunder and instead delivered in kind to the 
related Qualified Directing Investor (or its Affiliate nominee), means (a) with respect to any securities for 
which securities of the same issuance were bid upon, the weighted average of the bid prices received for

--- Page 121 ---
115 
such securities, which weighted average shall (x) exclude any bids relating to portions of such securities 
sold to the applicable bidder ("Excluded Bids") and (y) be calculated, after removal of the Excluded Bids, 
as the weighted average of the portion of remaining bids (ordered by bid price, with the highest bid price 
applied first), which when aggregated, is for an amount not exceeding the amount of such securities offered 
at auction (such amount of such securities offered at auction, the "Auction Clearing Amount") (provided, 
that for purposes of determining the weighted average, the amount of the lowest such bid shall exclude 
amounts in excess of the Auction Clearing Amount), and (b) with respect to any securities for which no 
securities of the same issuance were bid upon, a market value reasonably determined by such Qualified 
Directing Investor (which shall be conclusive and binding) and advised to the Security Trustee in writing; 
"European System Class Collateral" means in relation to any Class: 
(a)
each Collateral Account related to such Class and the credit balances on, and indebtedness 
represented by, them and including all securities, cash or other property from time to time credited thereto, 
or carried therein in each case insofar as related to the Class, and with respect to any single Collateral 
Account relating to more than one Class, in each case, as allocated to such Class on the applicable 
Custodian's books and records; 
(b)
the Escrow Account and the credit balances on, and indebtedness represented by, it and including 
all securities, cash or other property from time to time credited thereto or carried therein in each case 
insofar as related to the Class, in each case, as allocated to such Class on the Security Trustee's books and 
records; 
(c)
the Series Operating Account and the credit balances on, and indebtedness represented by, it in 
each case insofar as related to such Class; and 
(d)
the cash and Eligible Securities transferred by the Issuer as additional Securities Collateral for 
such Class, in accordance with any Credit Support Deed. 
"European System Intangible Collateral" means in relation to any Class: 
(a)
each Repurchase Agreement related to that Class and each of the other Transaction Documents 
related to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes Series insofar as it relates to that Class; and 
(b)
all supporting obligations and proceeds of the foregoing. 
"European System Securities Collateral" means the Collateral Accounts and Escrow Account and the 
credit balances on, and indebtedness represented by, them and including all Eligible Securities and other 
securities, cash and property from time to time credited thereto or carried therein. 
"European System Unallocated Collateral" means the funds from time to time credited to or carried in 
the Series Operating Account that are for any reason not identifiable as being related to any particular Class, 
or any Securities Collateral that for any reason is not identifiable as being related to any particular Class, 
together with all supporting obligations and all proceeds of the foregoing. 
"Financial Collateral" has the meaning given to the term "financial collateral" in the Financial Collateral 
Arrangements (No. 2) Regulations 2003, except that any Collateral which (by reason of a prohibition on 
assignment or transfer or otherwise) the LLP is not entitled to transfer shall not constitute Financial 
Collateral for the purposes of this Security Agreement. 
"Market Value", with respect to a Class, has the meaning set forth in the applicable Repurchase Agreement 
or Credit Support Deed, if applicable; provided, that for purposes of the calculations set forth in "European 
System Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments" in relation to the Security Agreement (English Law) or the 
Security Agreement (New York law), as applicable, with respect to (a) any Class Collateral offered for sale 
in an auction conducted in accordance with an auction or bidding process described in "-Qualified Directing 
Investors" in relation to the Security Agreement (English Law) or the Security Agreement (New York law),

--- Page 122 ---
116 
as applicable, but not sold thereunder and instead delivered in kind to the related Qualified Directing 
Investor (or its Affiliate nominee), the "Market Value" for such Class Collateral shall be deemed to be the 
Bid Set Value for such Class Collateral and (b) with respect to any other Class Collateral, the "Market 
Value" for such Class Collateral shall be determined by the applicable Custodian pursuant to the applicable 
Repurchase Agreement or Credit Support Deed; provided, that, if so directed by the applicable Qualified 
Directing Investor, the Collateral Agent shall direct the applicable Custodian to compute Market Value in 
the same manner and as of the same time that "Default Market Value" is computed pursuant to paragraph 
10(e)(i)(B)(cc) of the TBMA/ISMA Global Master Repurchase Agreement (2000 Version) on the basis that 
the seller is the defaulting party and the Security Trustee, acting on behalf of the Directing Investor Class, 
the non-defaulting party; 
"Payment Amount" means, (without giving effect to any cancellation, modification or change in the 
liability or form of liability of the Issuer, resulting from the making of a special bail-in provision (as such 
term is defined in Section 48B of the Banking Act of 2009) with respect to any Note (x) issued on a 
discount basis, the face amount thereof, provided that if such Note is accelerated (or, with the consent of the 
Holder thereof, prepaid) on a date prior to its maturity date, the Payment Amount for such Note shall be the 
sum of the amount paid by the related original Holder to the Issuer for such Note, plus an amount equal to 
the portion of the discount accreted through the Acceleration Date, and (y) issued on an interest-bearing 
basis, the outstanding principal amount thereof plus the accrued but unpaid interest; provided that if such 
Note is accelerated (or, with the consent of the Holder thereof, prepaid) on a date prior to its maturity date, 
the Payment Amount for such Note shall be the outstanding principal amount thereof plus the accrued but 
unpaid interest thereon through the Acceleration Date; provided further the foregoing clauses (x) or (y) will 
not include any amount representing an additional amount owed, owing or to be paid to any holder of any 
Class by the Issuer on account of or in respect of any deduction or withholding for tax. 
"Relevant Secured Creditor" in relation to any Class means: 
(a)
in relation to any Class Collateral or Intangible Collateral for that Class, the Holders of Notes of 
that Class, the Issuer and the related Seller or Sellers; and 
(b)
in relation to the Unallocated Collateral, the Holders of Notes of each Class to which the 
Unallocated Collateral relates, the Issuer and the related Sellers. 
"Secured Creditor" means Holders of Notes, the Issuer and the Sellers. 
The security interests in the European System Class Collateral created pursuant to the Security Agreement (English 
Law) secure, and the European System Class Collateral is security for, the prompt and complete payment or 
performance in full when due of all monies from time to time due or owing, including all Payment Amounts and all 
obligations and other actual or contingent liabilities from time to time incurred, by the LLP to any Secured Creditor 
under the Transaction Documents that the LLP is a party to in relation to the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes which are referred to in, and may in any circumstances become payable pursuant to, the Security Agreement 
(English Law) (with respect to the related Class, the "Secured Obligations"). The security interests in the European 
System Intangible Collateral and the Unallocated Collateral created pursuant to the Security Agreement (English 
Law) secure, and the European System Intangible Collateral and Unallocated Collateral is additional security for the 
Secured Obligations of all Classes owing by the LLP to the European System Secured Creditors. 
Each transfer of Collateral or rights effected by the transfer described above and any return of transferred Collateral 
described below, (i) shall vest absolute beneficial and (to the extent the transferor holds the legal title and subject to 
any notifications and other formal steps necessary to transfer legal title) legal title to the transferred Collateral and 
rights in the transferee, free of any liens (other than any lien routinely imposed on all securities in the relevant 
clearance system) but subject in the case of the Security Trustee to the trust declared by it in this Security 
Agreement (English Law) in favour of the European System Secured Creditors; and (ii) shall result in the transferor 
having no proprietary interest of any kind in the Collateral and rights transferred (except, to the extent the transferor 
holds the legal title and if and for so long as only beneficial title to any transferred Collateral or rights has 
transferred, for bare legal title to that transferred Collateral or those transferred rights). Additionally, each transfer of

--- Page 123 ---
117 
Collateral held with Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, effected in Luxembourg is intended for the purposes of 
Luxembourg law to constitute a transfer of title by way of security. 
To the extent any Collateral and rights to be transferred to the Security Trustee as described above are not 
transferred to the Security Trustee, as security for the payment and discharge of the relevant obligations, the LLP 
with full title guarantee assigns absolutely to the Security Trustee on trust for the relevant European System Secured 
Creditors all of its legal and beneficial rights in, to and under the European System Class Collateral and/or European 
System Intangible Collateral for each relevant Class and the Unallocated Collateral to the relevant European System 
Secured Creditors. 
By its purchase of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note, each Noteholder will be deemed to have agreed and 
acknowledged that (i) the European System Class Collateral will be allocated and credited to each Collateral 
Account related to the related Class pursuant to the related Repurchase Transactions, the related Custodial 
Agreement and the Collateral Administration Agreement, and may be moved from each Collateral Account related 
to such Class to the Escrow Account related to such Class as described in the Security Agreement (English Law); 
(ii) such allocation of the European System Class Collateral will constitute the preferential right of the Noteholders 
of the related Class in such European System Class Collateral to be paid with or from the proceeds of such European 
System Class Collateral pursuant to the Security Agreement (English Law), and in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments for such Class; (iii) the establishment of a Collateral Account and an Escrow Account for the 
applicable portion for each Class and the allocation of the European System Class Collateral thereto pursuant to the 
related Repurchase Transactions, the related Custodial Agreement and the Collateral Administration Agreement, 
shall not impair the validity or perfection of the title transfer in the Security Agreement (English Law); and (iv) the 
rights to repayment or satisfaction of amounts due to the Noteholders of such Class with respect to the LLP 
Undertaking, will be satisfied solely from the European System Class Collateral for such Class and not from the 
European System Class Collateral allocated to any other Classes. 
Establishment of Accounts 
Within two (2) Business Days of its receipt of notice from the Administrator that the Issuer is proposing to issue a 
new Class (for the avoidance of doubt, not being a Class identified as one to which the Security Agreement 
(New York Law) applies to the exclusion of the Security Agreement (English law)) of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes, then as applicable: (i) the LLP shall procure the establishment by the Collateral Administrator 
on its behalf with Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Bank 
Relationship Management Agreement, the CMSA and the Custody Agreement, and thereafter maintain; and/or (ii) 
the LLP shall establish with BNYM Custodian, and thereafter maintain a segregated, non-interest bearing securities 
account (each a "Collateral Account (English)" for such Class). References to the Collateral Account shall be to 
the Collateral Account (English) or the Collateral Account (New York) as the context requires. 
Each such Collateral Account shall be assigned a unique account number and titled in the following format: "Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes Series, Collateral Account [number or other information identifying Class])" 
or such similar designation as shall be appropriate to clearly identify the particular Class to which each such 
Collateral Account relates and the applicable Custodian that established such Collateral Account. In the context of 
the Custodial Agreement with Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, each Collateral Account shall be comprised 
of the "TB Source Account" and the "Collateral Receiver's Account" for such Class. In the context of the Custodial 
Agreement with BNYM Custodian, each Collateral Account shall be the "Collateral Receiver's Account" for such 
Class (together with any account created in lieu thereof pursuant to the Security Agreement (English Law)). In the 
context of any other Custodial Agreement, each Collateral Account shall be the account utilised by the related 
Custodian for effecting transactions pursuant to the instructions of the LLP and on its behalf, however described 
therein, for such Class (together with any account created in lieu thereof pursuant to the Security Agreement 
(English Law)). In the event that a Credit Support Deed is in effect and the Issuer makes an Issuer Collateral Posting 
Election pursuant to it, the LLP shall establish with BNYM Custodian, and thereafter maintain, a segregated 
custodial account in respect of the collateral so posted relating to each Class. To the extent that the LLP establishes 
any such account with respect to any Class, such account shall thereafter also be deemed to be part of the "Collateral 
Account" with respect to such Class in addition to the account established for such Class pursuant to the Security 
Agreement (English Law). Each such account shall be identified in a manner consistent with the Security Agreement

--- Page 124 ---
118 
(English Law). All cash and Eligible Securities relating to any Class shall be maintained in the related Collateral 
Account at all times prior to an Acceleration Event for such Class. 
At any time the Security Trustee so requires, the LLP will establish with the Security Trustee, and thereafter 
maintain, a segregated, non-interest bearing trust account with the Security Trustee in respect of all Classes which 
have a Collateral Account with BNYM Custodian (the "Escrow Account (English)"). References to the Escrow 
Account shall be to the Escrow Account (English) or the Escrow Account (New York) as the context requires. 
The Security Trustee will move any European System Class Collateral from each related Collateral Account to the 
Escrow Account, at such times, in such amounts and by such methods as it may deem appropriate, necessary or 
conducive to the exercise of its powers and discharge of its duties under the Security Agreement. The Escrow 
Account shall be assigned a unique account number and titled in the following format: "Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes Series, Escrow Account". 
Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Security Agreement (English Law), the LLP will establish with 
the Security Trustee, and thereafter maintain, a non-interest bearing corporate trust account in respect of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes (the "Series Operating Account (English)"). References to the Series 
Operating Account shall be to the Series Operating Account (English) or the Series Operating Account (New York), 
if any, as the context requires. The Series Operating Account will be used to deposit any amounts relating to the 
Repurchase Price, Price Differential and other amounts on behalf of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note 
Series. 
Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Security Agreement (English Law), the LLP will establish with 
the Account Bank, and thereafter maintain for the benefit of the Issuer, a note payment account in respect of the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes (the "Note Payment Account (English)"). References to the Note 
Payment Account shall be to the Note Payment Account (English) or the Note Payment Account (New York) as the 
context requires. 
The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London Branch, will maintain the Series Operating Account, 
the Escrow Account and the Note Payment Account on behalf of the LLP. 
Prior to the occurrence of any Acceleration Event, withdrawals from each Collateral Account related to a Class of 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes shall be made in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments for such Class, to the extent applicable, pursuant to the Collateral Administration Agreement or for other 
permitted circumstances described in the Security Agreement (English Law). Following the occurrence of any 
Acceleration Event, the related Purchased Securities and other European System Class Collateral on deposit in a 
Collateral Account related to each Class or the Escrow Account insofar as related to each Class will be applied in 
accordance with the European System Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments for such Class set out in the Security 
Agreement (English Law). 
Permitted Dispositions 
The LLP undertakes that it will not dispose of (or agree to dispose of) or permit a security interest to subsist over all 
or any part of the Collateral that the LLP has assigned or granted a fixed or floating charge over, except: (a) prior to 
the occurrence of an Acceleration Event, the sale and repurchase of European System Securities Collateral for a 
Class consisting of Purchased Securities and Income, and/or the return of Additional Purchased Securities and 
Income to the relevant Seller, pursuant to and in accordance with the related Repurchase Transactions, the 
applicable Custodial Agreement and the Collateral Administration Agreement; (b) prior to the occurrence of an 
Acceleration Event, substitutions of the related European System Securities Collateral pursuant to and in accordance 
with the related Repurchase Transactions, the applicable Custodial Agreement and the Collateral Administration 
Agreement; (c) prior to the occurrence of an Acceleration Event, if a Credit Support Deed has been entered into and 
an Issuer Collateral Posting Election has been made, the return of the related Posted Collateral and Income to the 
Issuer in accordance with the Credit Support Deed, and, upon repayment of the related Class, delivery of any 
remaining European System Class Collateral to the Issuer in repayment of the Advance under the Intercompany 
Loan related to such Class; and (d) prior to the occurrence of an Acceleration Event with respect to the applicable 
Repurchase Agreement (clauses (a) through (d), each a "Permitted Dealing"), the reallocation of Purchased 
Securities and Margin Securities from the Collateral Account for one Class to the Collateral Account for another

--- Page 125 ---
119 
Class pursuant to the Collateral Administration Agreement, the Repurchase Agreements, the Custodial Agreements, 
the Custody Agreement, any Credit Support Deed and the Transaction Bank Relationship Management Agreement. 
The excess, if any, of (i) the cash received in connection with such disposition over (ii) the sum of (A) the 
reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the party effecting such disposition, and (B) sales, 
use, transfer, value-added, documentary, recording or other taxes or fees reasonably estimated to be actually payable 
or actually paid in connection therewith (the "European System Net Cash Proceeds"), will be remitted to the 
Collateral Account for the related Class and applied in accordance with the European System Pre-Acceleration 
Priority of Payments or the European System Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments for such Class by the 
applicable Custodian, as applicable. 
Returning Transferred Collateral 
The Security Trustee will transfer or direct the applicable Custodian to transfer to the LLP, Equivalent Securities 
that are held through the triparty custodial system in Europe (the "European System Eligible Securities"), in the 
following circumstances: 
(a)
prior to the occurrence of an Acceleration Event, the sale and repurchase of European System 
Securities Collateral for a Class consisting of Purchased Securities, and/or the return of Additional 
Purchased Securities and Income to the relevant Seller, pursuant to and in accordance with the related 
Series Collateral Documents, provided that any amounts payable by the relevant Seller in respect of the 
Permitted Dealing are paid and the proceeds are applied in or towards satisfaction of Payment Amounts due 
to the Holders of the relevant Class pursuant to the LLP Undertaking or paid into the applicable Collateral 
Account as European System Class Collateral to be applied in accordance with the applicable Priority of 
Payments; 
(b)
prior to the occurrence of an Acceleration Event, substitutions of the related European System 
Securities Collateral pursuant to and in accordance with the related Series Collateral Documents, provided 
that the replacement European System Securities Collateral is placed in the applicable Collateral Account 
as the replaced European System Class Collateral; 
(c)
 (i) prior to the occurrence of an Acceleration Event, if a Credit Support Deed has been entered 
into and an Issuer Collateral Posting Election has been made under it, the return of the related Posted 
Securities and Income to the Issuer in accordance with any Credit Support Deed; or (ii) prior to the 
occurrence of an Acceleration Event, upon repayment of a Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes, delivery of any remaining European System Class Collateral to the Issuer in repayment of the 
Advance under the Intercompany Loan related to such Class; and 
(d)
prior to the occurrence of a Repurchase Event of Default with respect to the applicable Repurchase 
Agreement related to any Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, the reallocation of Purchased 
Securities and Additional Purchased Securities from the Collateral Account for one Class to the Collateral 
Account for another Class pursuant to the related Series Collateral Documents, provided that in the case of 
each Class the replacement European System Securities Collateral are placed in the applicable Collateral 
Account as European System Class Collateral. 
On the date on which all of the Secured Obligations in relation to a Class due or owing to the relevant European 
System Secured Creditors insofar as they related to that Class have been unconditionally and irrevocably paid or 
discharged in full (the "Discharge Date" for that Class), the Security Trustee shall return to the LLP Equivalent 
Securities in respect of any European System Class Collateral still held by the Security Trustee at the direction of the 
LLP. 
Enforcement following Acceleration Event 
The Security Trustee shall as promptly as possible upon receiving written notice or otherwise having actual 
knowledge of the occurrence of an Acceleration Event: (i) give notice in writing to the Issuer and the LLP 
(a "European System Acceleration Notice") that a European System Acceleration Event has occurred; and (ii)

--- Page 126 ---
120 
provide a copy of that European System Acceleration Notice to the Administrator, each Custodian, the Collateral 
Administrator and each Noteholder in accordance with the provisions for providing notice set out in this Security 
Agreement (English Law). Upon the occurrence of such European System Acceleration Event, each applicable Class 
of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes is and each Class will thereupon immediately become, due and 
repayable in an amount equal to its principal amount outstanding plus accrued interest and/or accreted discount 
through the Acceleration Date. 
During the continuance of an Acceleration Event in relation to a Class, the Security Trustee may appoint a qualified 
receiver, receiver and manager or administrative receiver (any such appointee, a "Receiver") and/or itself proceed to 
enforce all or any of its rights under the Security Agreement (English Law), in particular, it may without further 
notice to the LLP exercise, with respect to the Collateral: (i) the power of sale and all other powers conferred on 
mortgagees by the LPA 1925 (or otherwise by law) or on an administrative receiver by the Insolvency Act, in either 
case as extended or otherwise amended; or (ii) (without first appointing a Receiver) any or all of the rights which are 
conferred by this Security Agreement (English Law) (whether expressly or by implication) on a Receiver.
All of the protection to purchasers contained in the Law of Property Act 1925 and the Insolvency Act 1986 shall 
apply to any person purchasing from or dealing with the Security Trustee or any Receiver with respect to the 
Collateral as if the Secured Obligations had become due and the statutory powers of sale and of appointing a 
Receiver in relation to the Security Interest Collateral had arisen on the date of the Security Agreement (English 
Law). 
In connection with the exercise of rights with respect to any European System Class Collateral pursuant to the 
Security Agreement (English Law), the Security Trustee shall (x) seek that all European System Class Collateral 
then in the Series Operating Account be identified as European System Class Collateral and allocated to the Escrow 
Account for disposition in accordance with the terms thereof, and (y) be permitted to: (i) move any European 
System Class Collateral from each related Collateral Account to the Escrow Account, at such times, in such amounts 
and by such methods as it may deem appropriate, necessary or conducive to the exercise of its powers and discharge 
of its duties under the Security Agreement (English Law); and (ii) retain (at its own cost and not in duplication of 
liquidation expenses) and rely upon advisory services provided by the Collateral Administrator, provided that such 
retention and reliance shall not relieve the Security Trustee from the performance of its duties and obligations as set 
forth in the Security Agreement (English Law) and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
Except as directed by a Directing Investor Class, the Security Trustee shall not be obligated to conduct any sale of 
Collateral regardless of notice of sale having been given. The LLP has waived any claims against the Security 
Trustee arising by reason of the fact that the price at which any Collateral may have been sold at such a private sale 
was less than the price which might have been obtained at a public sale, even if the Security Trustee accepts the first 
offer received and does not offer such Collateral to more than one offeree. 
By reason of certain prohibitions contained under applicable law, the Security Trustee may be compelled, with 
respect to any sale of all or any part of the Collateral conducted without prior registration or qualification of such 
Collateral under such securities laws, to limit purchasers to those who will agree, among other things, to acquire the 
Collateral for their own account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof and meet 
any applicable selling restrictions under any applicable law with respect thereto. Any such private sale may be at 
prices and on terms less favourable than those obtainable through a public sale without such restrictions (including a 
public offering made pursuant to a registration statement, prospectus, or similar document under applicable 
securities laws) and, notwithstanding such circumstances, any such private sale will be deemed to have been made in 
a commercially reasonable manner and the Security Trustee will have no obligation to engage in public sales and no 
obligation to delay the sale of any Collateral for the period of time necessary to permit the issuer thereof to register it 
for a form of public sale requiring registration under applicable securities laws, even if such issuer would, or should, 
agree to so register it. 
Except as required by applicable law, any sale of Collateral by the Security Trustee and its agents may be made 
without assuming any credit risk. The Security Trustee, in connection with any exercise of any of its rights or 
remedies, may exercise the same without demand of performance or of any of its rights or remedies, may exercise 
the same without demand of performance or other demand, presentment, protest, advertisement or notice of any kind 
(except any notice required by law) to or upon the LLP or any other person (all and each of which demands,

--- Page 127 ---
121 
presentment, protect, advertisements or notices will be waived). The Security Trustee and its agents may sell 
Collateral in one or more lots, and to one or more purchasers. The Security Trustee and its agents will conduct any 
sale on a "where is, as is" basis, without any representations and warranties relating to title, possession, quiet 
enjoyment or the like, express or implied. Any process undertaken by the Security Trustee in accordance with the 
terms of the Security Agreement (English Law) (to the extent permitted by applicable law) is deemed "reasonable." 
In addition, any timing requirements in connection with any Collateral, sale or bid process will be extended to the 
extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable law or otherwise operationally or administratively 
necessary. 
Only the Security Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the general law or under the Security Agreement 
(English Law) to enforce the title transfer effected or the security interests granted set forth therein with respect to 
any Collateral and no other party nor any of the Holders of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will be 
entitled to proceed directly against the LLP to enforce any such security interest. 
Qualified Directing Investors 
"Directing Investor Class" means a Class of Notes which is wholly owned by a Qualified Directing Investor or one 
of its Affiliates, and (if it is not the Holder of the Notes of such Class) as to which such Qualified Directing Investor 
has provided evidence satisfactory to the Security Trustee that it has authorisation from the Affiliate that is the sole 
Holder to give instructions to the Security Trustee. A "European System Qualified Directing Investor" means, as 
of any date of determination, a Noteholder that provides a European System Directing Investor Notice pursuant to 
the Security Agreement (English Law) to the Security Trustee, with respect to a European System Directing Investor 
Class as to which its is acting, for itself or on behalf of an Affiliate which has so authorised it to act. Any Class 
which is wholly owned by a Noteholder or one or more of its Affiliates, or by a Noteholder in conjunction with one 
or more of its Affiliates, and (if it is not the Noteholder with respect to such Class or if such Class is wholly owned 
by the Noteholder in conjunction with one or more of its Affiliates) as to which such Noteholder has provided 
evidence satisfactory to the Security Trustee that it has authorisation from the Affiliate that is the sole Noteholder 
(or, with whom, such Class is wholly owned by such Noteholder) to give instructions to the Security Trustee as a 
European System Qualified Directing Investor, will be a "European System Directing Investor Class", and be 
eligible for certain remedies following an Acceleration Event different from those of Classes that are not European 
System Directing Investor Classes, as set forth below. 
Each Noteholder of a European System Qualified Directing Investor Class , or an authorised Affiliate thereof, may, 
no later than 6:00 p.m. (London time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after an Acceleration Event, provide to the 
Security Trustee by facsimile or another verified method permitted by the Security Agreement, a duly completed 
and executed European System Directing Investor Notice (the "European System Directing Investor Notice"), 
substantially in the form of the corresponding exhibit attached to the Security Agreement (English Law). The form 
may be obtained from the Administrator or the Security Trustee. If the Final Terms for a Class contains an indicator 
that such Class is not a European System Directing Investor Class, such indicator shall control, and any European 
System Directing Investor Notice received in respect of such Class will be deemed to be ineffective and disregarded 
by the Security Trustee. 
With respect to each Class which is a European System Directing Investor Class, the related European System 
Qualified Directing Investor will be entitled to give instructions that comply with the provisions set forth below 
(such instructions, "European System Qualified Instructions") to the Security Trustee with respect to the 
disposition of the related European System Class Collateral, and the Security Trustee, subject to the terms of the 
Security Agreement (English Law) will accept and promptly act upon all European System Qualified Instructions 
with respect to the disposition of the European System Class Collateral related to each such Class. 
Following an Acceleration Event in relation to a European System Directing Investor Class, subject to the 
immediately succeeding paragraph, European System Qualified Directing Investors may give the Security Trustee 
any or all of the following disposition instructions with respect to the European System Class Collateral for each 
related European System Directing Investor Class in respect of which they are acting: (a) that some or all of the 
European System Class Collateral be sold by the Security Trustee pursuant to collateral sales conducted in 
accordance with the Security Agreement (English Law) for the best price offered to the Security Trustee for such 
European System Class Collateral, with or without instructions as to the specific timing of such sales, or the markets

--- Page 128 ---
122 
or processes to be employed; (b) that some or all of the European System Class Collateral be sold to named 
purchasers, with or without instructions as to the purchase price therefor; (c) that some or all of the European 
System Class Collateral be delivered to the European System Qualified Directing Investor or its nominee Affiliate in 
kind, provided that the Qualified Directing Investor must comply with all applicable securities laws and ensure (and 
satisfy the Security Trustee) that any such delivery will be in compliance therewith; (d) that some or all of the 
European System Class Collateral be maintained by the Security Trustee in the Escrow Account pending further 
instructions; and/or (e) that some or all of the European System Class Collateral shall be subject to an auction or 
bidding process organized and conducted by the applicable European System Qualified Directing Investor (or the 
Security Trustee acting pursuant to the applicable European System Qualified Directing Investor's instructions and 
procedures), which auction or bidding process: (A) shall be arranged, structured and conducted in a manner that the 
European System Qualified Directing Investor deems appropriate, provided that the Qualified Directing Investor 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; (B) may permit such European System Qualified 
Directing Investor (x) to review all submitted bids and to submit a final bid for some or all of the European System 
Class Collateral, which final bid, if higher, will be deemed to supersede any prior bid such European System 
Qualified Directing Investor may have submitted, and/or (y) to choose to reject some or all of the bids received and 
instead take delivery in kind of such European System Class Collateral or such portion thereof as may have been the 
subject of such bid; and (C) if conducted by the applicable European System Qualified Directing Investor, shall 
require such European System Qualified Directing Investor to report to the Security Trustee (x) the bid prices 
received and the securities to which the respective bids relate, (y) which bids and amounts have been agreed and 
with which successful bidder and (z) which securities, if any, constituting European System Class Collateral shall 
not be sold to any bidder and instead shall be delivered in-kind to such European System Qualified Directing 
Investor (or its nominee affiliate) and, using the corresponding bids received (if any), the bid prices comprising the 
Bid Set Value for such securities constituting European System Class Collateral delivered in-kind to such European 
System Qualified Directing Investor (or its nominee affiliate), subject to the limitations set forth below. 
European System Qualified Directing Investors may give the Security Trustee instructions on any Business Day 
following an Acceleration Event, but may not submit instructions that: (a) if implemented, would cause or result in a 
violation of the Security Agreement (English Law), any other Transaction Document, or any applicable laws or any 
rules or regulations, including without limitation the terms of any permissive or mandatory stay imposed by a 
governmental authority that applies to the European System Class Collateral; (b) if implemented, would result in 
such European System Qualified Directing Investor receiving an aggregate amount of cash and/or value (calculated 
as described above) in excess of the sum of the Payment Amounts due to such Qualified Directing Investor in 
respect of all its European System Directing Investor Classes; (c) do not adequately describe the European System 
Class Collateral the subject of such instruction, are lacking sufficient clarity, completeness or detail, or otherwise are 
too vague for the Security Trustee to understand and comply with such instructions; (d) are commercially 
unreasonable, whether as to timing, method, requirements, the administrative burden such instructions would place 
on the Security Trustee, or for any other reason; (e) involve fraudulent action, including without limitation, 
transactions at an undervalue, or which involve round-trip or undisclosed consideration or which are not conducted 
for consideration which is fully disclosed to the Security Trustee and which is equal to the price for the related 
European System Class Collateral that could be obtained from a generally recognised source or the most recent 
closing bid quotation from such a source; (f) would require the Security Trustee to incur liquidation costs that cannot 
be recouped from the cash proceeds of sale, unless such costs are borne by the European System Qualified Directing 
Investor or otherwise assured to the Security Trustee in its reasonable discretion; or (g) unless otherwise agreed by 
the Security Trustee in writing, are submitted by a method other than through the notification features of the clearing 
systems utilised by the Issue and Paying Agent for the issuance and settlement of the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes. 
If a European System Qualified Directing Investor that has previously delivered a European System Directing 
Investor Notice (x) fails to submit Qualified Instructions as to the applicable European System Class Collateral for a 
period of thirty (30) days, or (y) by the date thirty (30) days following the Acceleration Date (with such period tolled 
for any period that a permissive or mandatory stay prevents a disposition), fails to direct the Security Trustee to 
dispose of sufficient European System Class Collateral to generate Net Cash Proceeds, and/or to deliver to the 
applicable Seller Purchased Securities, in an aggregate amount equal to the amount due and payable from the LLP to 
such Seller pursuant to the relevant Repurchase Agreement with respect to the Repurchase Transactions related to 
each European System Directing Investor Class in respect of which such European System Qualified Directing 
Investor is acting, the related Class will thereafter be deemed not to be a European System Directing Investor Class,

--- Page 129 ---
123 
and such European System Class Collateral will be sold by the Security Trustee in accordance with the Security 
Agreement (English Law), and the Net Cash Proceeds applied in accordance with the Post-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments for Classes other than European System Directing Investor Classes. If a Qualified Directing Investor 
submits Qualified Instructions, but such Qualified Instructions do not instruct the Security Trustee to dispose of such 
applicable European System Class Collateral within six (6) months after the Acceleration Date (with such period 
tolled for any period that a permissive or mandatory stay prevents such disposition), then, subject to clause (b) in the 
immediately preceding paragraph, such European System Qualified Directing Investor must either: (i) submit a 
Qualified Instruction that the remaining European System Class Collateral for each European System Directing 
Investor Class as to which the European System Qualified Directing Investor is acting be delivered to such European 
System Qualified Directing Investor or its nominee Affiliate in kind, or (ii) agree with the Security Trustee in an 
arrangement that comports with the paragraph immediately below. In the absence of compliance with (i) or (ii) 
above, the related Class will thereafter be deemed not to be a European System Directing Investor Class, and such 
European System Class Collateral will be sold by the Security Trustee in accordance with the Security Agreement 
(English Law), and the Net Cash Proceeds applied in accordance with the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments for 
Classes other than European System Directing Investor Classes. 
At any time after an Acceleration Event and subject to compliance with all applicable securities laws and the 
applicable European System Qualified Directing Investor instructing the Security Trustee to give such European 
System Qualified Directing Investor an aggregate amount of cash and/or value in excess of the sum of the Payment 
Amounts due to such European System Qualified Directing Investor, a European System Qualified Directing 
Investor and the Security Trustee may enter into an arrangement between themselves, with or without their 
Affiliates, as to removal of the related European System Class Collateral as to which the European System Qualified 
Directing Investor is acting from the Escrow Account insofar as it relates to such Class and the removal of each 
related European System Directing Investor Class from the book entry systems on which such interests are 
represented. Any such arrangement will be treated as a delivery in kind of the related European System Class 
Collateral to the European System Qualified Directing Investor, with the result that the Security Trustee will reduce 
the Payment Amounts due to the holder of each related Class in accordance with the valuation method described 
below. 
European System Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
Beginning on the date on which any Acceleration Event occurs in relation to a Class with European System 
Securities Collateral (the "European System Acceleration Date") and on each Business Day thereafter, the 
Security Trustee shall on any Business Day apply the Net Cash Proceeds of any disposal of related European System 
Class Collateral pursuant to the Security Agreement (English Law), any other net recoveries from the exercise of its 
rights, as referred to in the Security Agreement (English Law) insofar as referable to the relevant Class; and the net 
proceeds of any enforcement of the security interests created in the Security Agreement (English Law) insofar as 
referable to the relevant Class, in the following order of priority, with no applications to be made under the Security 
Agreement (English Law) until all actual or contingent liabilities under the LLP Undertaking of the LLP to the 
Holders of such Class in respect of Payment Amounts have been satisfied in full (the "European System Post-
Acceleration Priority of Payments"): first, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards 
satisfaction of the Payment Amounts due to the Holders of each such Class pursuant to the LLP Undertaking; 
second, (i) if the Issuer has secured additional Collateral with respect to such Class pursuant to a Credit Support 
Deed after making an Issuer Collateral Posting Election pursuant to it, to the Issuer in an amount up to the aggregate 
market value (calculated in accordance with the Repurchase Agreement to which such European System Class 
Collateral relates) of such additional Collateral (such Market Value determined as of the day preceding the 
Acceleration Date for such Class); or (ii) after giving effect to any payments under the Security Agreement (English 
Law), to pay each related Seller any amounts due and payable by the LLP to each such Seller pursuant to the 
Repurchase Transactions related to such Class; and third, the remaining amount, if any, to the LLP Master Account. 
In connection with any disposal of some or all of the European System Class Collateral for a European System 
Directing Investor Class: (i) to the extent such disposal is for cash, the Security Trustee shall apply the Net Cash 
Proceeds arising from such disposal in the order of priority set out in the Security Agreement (English Law); and (ii) 
to the extent such disposal is not for cash, the Security Trustee shall reduce the Payment Amounts due to the Holder 
of each related Class pursuant to the LLP Undertaking by an amount equal to the Market Value (calculated in 
accordance with the Repurchase Agreement to which such Class Collateral relates or if there is a more recent Credit

--- Page 130 ---
124 
Support Deed to which Class Collateral relates, in accordance with that Credit Support Deed, or, if applicable, as 
determined pursuant to the auction process described above under "Qualified Directing Investors") of the portion of 
the European System Class Collateral that is the subject of such disposal, such Market Value to be as determined by 
the applicable Custodian as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to such disposal; provided that, to the 
extent that (x) such Market Value of the portion of the European System Class Collateral that is the subject of such 
disposal exceeds (y) the Payment Amounts due to the Holder of each related Class pursuant to the LLP Undertaking, 
the Security Trustee will require such Holder to remit to the Security Trustee (for application under and in 
accordance with the Security Agreement (English Law)) an amount in immediately available funds equal to such 
difference prior to delivery of such European System Class Collateral. 
The parties intend that any amounts or assets realised as a result of the title transfer under the Security Agreement 
(English Law) or the security interests created in the Security Agreement (English Law) of or over the European 
System Intangible Collateral shall support the realisation or recovery of the relevant European System Class 
Collateral rather than being separately allocated. Accordingly for the purposes of the Security Agreement (English 
Law) such amounts or assets shall be treated by the Security Trustee as realisations from and in respect of the 
relevant European System Class Collateral. 
If adequate records have not been maintained in order to identify (including by tracing and application of equitable 
principles) to the Security Trustee's satisfaction the Collateral Accounts and/or Escrow Account to which funds in 
the Series Operating Account should be allocated then, in connection with the allocation of proceeds pursuant to the 
Security Agreement (English Law), the affected European System Secured Creditors (being the European System 
Secured Creditors in respect of the potentially relevant Classes) will be deemed to have directed the Security Trustee 
to allocate all funds then on deposit in the applicable Series Operating Account to the Escrow Account for each 
potentially relevant Class, pro rata according to the respective amounts owed to such Classes pursuant to the LLP 
Undertaking, and thereafter to treat the same as European System Class Collateral. 
Application of European System Class Collateral following a Repurchase Event of Default of LLP 
With respect to each Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series as to which a Repurchase Event 
of Default has occurred where the LLP is the defaulting party, following the exercise of remedies by the related 
Seller, the Security Trustee will be permitted to return the European System Class Collateral to such Seller against 
payment by such Seller of the associated Repurchase Price in immediately available funds (which funds will be 
deposited by the Security Trustee into each related Collateral Account and/or the Escrow Account for each such 
Class). On each date that amounts become due to the Noteholders of each such Class pursuant to the LLP 
Undertaking, the Security Trustee will withdraw or direct the withdrawal of the applicable funds representing the 
European System Class Collateral from each Collateral Account for such Class and/or the Escrow Account, and 
apply the funds to make the following payments in the following order of priority, with no application to be made to 
the LLP Master Account under sub-clause (b) below until all actual or contingent liabilities under the LLP 
Undertaking to the Holders of such Class in respect of Payment Amounts have been satisfied in full: (a) first, pro 
rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due to the Noteholders of 
each such Class pursuant to the LLP Undertaking; and (b) second, the remaining amount, if any, to the LLP Master 
Account. 
Removal or Resignation of Security Trustee 
The Security Trustee may resign upon 90 days' prior written notice to the LLP and the Administrator. A notice of 
resignation will only take effect upon the appointment of a successor Security Trustee in accordance with the terms 
of the Security Agreement (English Law). The Security Trustee may be removed for any of the following causes 
upon at least 90 days' prior written notice by the LLP or the Administrator: (a) a material adverse change in the 
business and operations of the Security Trustee has occurred and is continuing, such that as a result of such change, 
the Security Trustee no longer has the capacity or the competence to perform its obligations as Security Trustee; 
(b) the Security Trustee wilfully violates or wilfully breaches any provision of any of the Transaction Documents 
applicable to the Security Trustee; (c) the Security Trustee breaches in any material respect any provision of any of 
the Transaction Documents applicable to the Security Trustee, which breach if capable of being cured, is not cured 
within 30 days of the Security Trustee becoming aware of, or receiving notice from the LLP or the Administrator of, 
such breach; (d) the failure of any representation, warranty, certification or statement made or delivered by the

--- Page 131 ---
125 
Security Trustee in or pursuant to any of the Transaction Documents to be correct in any material respect when 
made and no correction is made for a period of 45 days after the Security Trustee becoming aware of, or its receipt 
of notice from the LLP or the Administrator of, such failure; (e) the Security Trustee is wound up or dissolved or 
there is appointed over it or a substantial part of its assets a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee 
or similar officer; or the Security Trustee (i) ceases to be able to, or admits in writing its inability to, pay its debts as 
they become due and payable, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or 
arrangement with, its creditors generally; (ii) applies for or consents (by admission of material allegations of a 
petition or otherwise) to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, assignee, custodian, liquidator or sequestrator 
(or other similar official) of the Security Trustee or of any substantial part of its properties or assets, or authorises 
such an application or consent, or proceedings seeking such appointment are commenced without such 
authorisation, consent or application against the Security Trustee and continue undismissed for 60 days or any such 
appointment is ordered by a court or regulatory body having jurisdiction; (iii) authorises or files a voluntary petition 
in bankruptcy, or applies for or consents (by admission of material allegations of a petition or otherwise) to the 
application of any bankruptcy, reorganisation, arrangement, readjustment of debt, insolvency, dissolution, or similar 
law, or authorises such application or consent, or proceedings to such end are instituted against the Security Trustee 
without such authorisation, application or consent and remain undismissed for 60 days or result in adjudication of 
bankruptcy or insolvency or the issuance of an order for relief; or (iv) permits or suffers all or any substantial part of 
its properties or assets to be sequestered or attached by court order and the order (if contested in good faith) remains 
undismissed for 60 days; or (f) the criminal indictment of the Security Trustee for the occurrence of an act by the 
Security Trustee that constitutes fraud or criminal activity in the performance of its obligations under any of the 
Transaction Documents applicable to the Security Trustee, as determined by a final adjudication by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or the indictment for criminal prosecution of any senior officer of the Security Trustee for a 
criminal offense materially related to its obligations under the Security Agreement (English Law). Such removal 
will only take effect upon the appointment and acceptance of a successor Security Trustee in accordance with the 
terms of the Security Agreement (English Law). 
No institution will be eligible to serve as a successor Security Trustee unless it: (a) is not an affiliate of the outgoing 
Security Trustee; (b) is legally qualified and has the capacity to act as Security Trustee under the Security 
Agreement (English Law) and under the terms of the other Transaction Documents; and (c) has a combined capital 
and surplus of at least US $200,000,000, a short term debt rated at least "P-1" by Moody's and at least "A-1" by S&P 
and a long term debt rated at least "Baa1" by Moody's and at least "BBB+" by S&P. 
In addition, The Bank of New York Mellon has the right to resign, although it is not required to, as Security Trustee, 
without regard to any notice requirement set forth in the Security Agreement (English Law) but subject to the 
appointment of a successor Security Trustee and the satisfaction of certain other conditions, if its appointment as a 
Custodian is terminated. 
Governing Law 
The Security Agreement (English Law) shall be governed by English law. Notwithstanding the submission to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts contained in the Security Agreement (English Law), nothing prevents the Security 
Trustee from commencing proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction. 
The Security Agreement (New York Law) 
Pursuant to the Security Agreement (New York Law), the LLP, as grantor, grants to the Collateral Agent: 
(a) 
for the benefit of the US System Secured Creditors, a lien on and security interest in all the LLP's 
right, title and interest in, to and under the following personal property owned by the LLP, whether now owned or 
existing or hereafter acquired or arising and (x) subject to clause (y) below, located in a United States triparty 
system or (y) in the case of any Class the Final Terms for which subject the related Securities Collateral to the 
Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol, any applicable custodial arrangement wherever situated (all of which being 
hereinafter collectively referred to as the "US System Class Collateral" with respect to such Class): (i) each 
Collateral Account related to such Class and the Escrow Account, including all securities, cash or other property 
from time to time credited thereto or carried therein (the "US System Securities Collateral" for such Class); (ii) the 
funds from time to time credited to or carried in the Series Operating Account that are related to such Class and

--- Page 132 ---
126 
relate to US System Securities Collateral; (iii) the cash and Eligible Securities transferred by the Issuer as additional 
US System Securities Collateral for such Class, in accordance with any Credit Support Deed; and (iv) all supporting 
obligations and all proceeds of the foregoing. 
(b) 
for the benefit of each of the Holders of each Class a lien on and security interest in all the LLP's 
right, title and interest in, to and under the following personal property owned by the LLP, whether now owned or 
existing or hereafter acquired or arising (x) subject to clause (y) below, located in the United States or (y) in the case 
of any Class the Final Terms for which subject the related Securities Collateral to the Restricted Securities Collateral 
Protocol, any applicable custodial arrangement wherever situated (all of which being hereinafter collectively 
referred to as the "US System Intangible Collateral" with respect to the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes): (i) the rights of the LLP that are related to such Class in respect of US System Class Collateral and US 
System Securities Collateral, under the applicable Repurchase Agreement and each of the other Transaction 
Documents to the extent related to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, and (ii) all supporting obligations 
and all proceeds of the foregoing that are related to such Class. 
 (c) 
for the benefit of each of the Holders of each Class in respect of whom funds are being carried in 
or credited to the Series Operating Account, but which funds are not identifiable as relating to any particular such 
Class (the "US System Secured Creditors") related to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, a lien on and 
security interest in all the LLP's right, title and interest in, to and under the funds from time to time credited to or 
carried in the Series Operating Account or the Note Payment Account that are not identifiable as being related to any 
particular Class, or any Collateral Accounts or the Escrow Account that for any reason are not identifiable as being 
related to any particular Class, together with all supporting obligations and all proceeds of the foregoing, whether 
now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising and wherever located (all of which being hereinafter 
collectively referred to as the "US System Unallocated Collateral", and together with the US System Class 
Collateral and the US System Intangible Collateral, the "US System Collateral", with respect to the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes). 
(d) 
for the benefit of each of the Holders of any Class in a Shared Collateral Class Group, a lien on 
and security interest in all the Grantor's right, title and interest in, to and under the Class Collateral, Securities 
Collateral, the Intangible Collateral and any other incidental rights and collateral described in clause (a) or (b) 
above, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising, of each other Class in such Class's Shared 
Collateral Class Group, except to the extent that any such Class has elected to exit such Shared Collateral Class 
Group. 
A "Shared Collateral Class Group" is any group of two or more Classes the Final Terms for which subject the 
related Securities Collateral to the same Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol; provided, that such Class will 
cease to be a member of such Shared Collateral Class Group (and its related Class Collateral will cease to be 
pledged for the benefit of, or otherwise available to, Holders of any other Classes) upon (i) with respect to any such 
Class that constitutes a Directing Investor Class, its Qualified Directing Investor's delivery of a Directing Investor 
Notice within the time period set forth in the Security Agreement (New York Law) or (ii) so long as such date 
occurs prior to the Acceleration Date, the occurrence of the "Escrow Termination Date" (as defined in the Certificate 
of Incorporation of Visa Inc.). 
The security interests in the US System Class Collateral created pursuant to the Security Agreement (New York 
Law) secure, and the US System Class Collateral is collateral security for, the prompt and complete payment or 
performance in full when due of all Payment Amounts owing by the LLP to the US System Secured Creditors, 
arising under the LLP Undertaking (with respect to the related Class or Shared Collateral Class Group, as applicable, 
the "US System Secured Obligations"). The security interests in the US System Intangible Collateral created 
pursuant to the Security Agreement (New York Law) secure, and the US System Intangible Collateral is additional 
collateral security for, all Secured Obligations owing by the LLP to the US System Secured Creditors. 
By its purchase of a Note, each Noteholder will be deemed to have agreed and acknowledged that: (a) the 
US System Class Collateral will be allocated and credited to each Collateral Account related to the related Class 
pursuant to the related Repurchase Transactions, the related Custodial Agreements and the Collateral Administration 
Agreement, and may be moved from each Collateral Account related to such Class to the Escrow Account related to 
such Class following an Acceleration Event; (b) such allocation of the US System Class Collateral will constitute the

--- Page 133 ---
127 
preferential right of the Noteholders of the related Class (or solely with respect to any Class in a Shared Collateral 
Class Group, the applicable Shared Collateral Class Group) in such US System Class Collateral to be paid with or 
from the proceeds of such US System Class Collateral pursuant to the Security Agreement (New York Law), and in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments for such Class; (c) the establishment of a Collateral Account for 
each Class and the Escrow Account and the allocation of the US System Class Collateral thereto pursuant to the 
related Repurchase Transactions, the related Custodial Agreements and the Collateral Administration Agreement, 
will not impair the validity or perfection of the security interest granted to the Collateral Agent by the Security 
Agreement (New York Law); (d) the rights to repayment or satisfaction of amounts due to the Noteholders of such 
Class with respect to the LLP Undertaking, will be satisfied solely from the US System Class Collateral for such 
Class and not from the US System Class Collateral allocated to any other Classes (provided, that amounts due to 
Noteholders of Classes in a Shared Collateral Class Group may be satisfied from the US System Class Collateral 
relating to Classes in its Shared Collateral Class Group); and (e) although the benefit of the US System Unallocated 
Collateral is to be shared by the US System Secured Creditors without distinction as to Class, all property realised as 
proceeds of the granted security interests in the US System Class Collateral and US System Intangible Collateral 
will be allocated by the Collateral Agent as US System Class Collateral segregated for the benefit of the US System 
Secured Creditors of each applicable Class, and not as a general pool for all US System Secured Creditors. 
The Collateral Agent will maintain records and allocate funds in the Series Operating Account to each applicable 
Collateral Account and/or Escrow Account. If the Collateral Agent does not maintain a method of tracing, including 
application of equitable principles, that is permitted under law other than Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code 
for the State of New York, with respect to commingled property of the type credited to or carried in the Series 
Operating Account, then in connection with the exercise of remedies pursuant to the Security Agreement (New York 
Law), the Affected Secured Creditors will be deemed to have directed the Collateral Agent to allocate all funds then 
on deposit in the Series Operating Account to the Escrow Account for each related Class, pro rata according to the 
respective amounts owed to such Classes pursuant to the LLP Undertaking, and thereafter treat such funds as US 
System Class Collateral segregated for the benefit of the US System Secured Creditors of each applicable Class. 
Establishment of Accounts 
Within two (2) Business Days of its receipt of notice from the Administrator that the Issuer is proposing to issue a 
new Class pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the LLP will establish with the Collateral Agent (in respect of 
the applicable Custodial Agreement with The Bank of New York Mellon), or with the applicable Custodian (in 
respect of any other Custodial Agreement) in accordance with the terms of the applicable Securities Account 
Control Agreement (as defined herein), and thereafter maintain, one or more segregated, non-interest bearing 
securities account (the "Collateral Account (New York)" for such Class). US System Securities Collateral will be 
maintained by the Collateral Agent in the Collateral Account of the related Class at all times prior to an Acceleration 
Event for such Class. At any time the Collateral Agent so requests, the LLP will establish with the Collateral Agent, 
and thereafter maintain, a segregated, non-interest bearing trust account in respect of all Classes which have a 
Collateral Account (New York) with BNYM Custodian (the "Escrow Account (New York)"). The US System 
Class Collateral may be deposited therein in accordance with the Security Agreement (New York Law) to facilitate 
dispositions thereof. Each Collateral Account (New York) and the Escrow Account (New York) will, upon its 
establishment, be subject to (a) the securities account control agreement entered into by the LLP, the Collateral 
Agent and The Bank of New York Mellon, as securities intermediary, dated on or about the First Amendment 
Closing Date, (b) the control and custody agreement entered into by the LLP, The Bank of New York Mellon, as 
secured party, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as custodian, dated on or about the First 
Amendment Closing Date (with respect to BCI as a Seller) and (c) the control and custody agreement entered into 
by the LLP, The Bank of New York Mellon, as secured party, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, as 
custodian, dated on or about the First Amendment Closing Date (with respect to Barclays as a Seller) (each, a 
"Securities Account Control Agreement"). The designation of any Collateral Account (New York) or the Escrow 
Account (New York) will be altered as directed by the LLP, if and to the extent that such alteration is necessary to 
clearly identify the particular Class to which each such Collateral Account (New York) or the Escrow Account (New 
York) relates. 
In the event that the Issuer makes an Issuer Collateral Posting Election pursuant to the terms of the applicable Credit 
Support Deed, the LLP will establish with the Collateral Agent, and thereafter maintain, a segregated custodial 
account in respect of each Class, and such account, in addition to the account established for such Class as described

--- Page 134 ---
128 
in the immediately preceding paragraph, shall thereafter also be deemed to be part of the "Collateral Account" 
with respect to such Class. See "Summary of the Transaction Documents—The Credit Support Deed". 
Permitted Dispositions 
Subject to the terms of the Security Agreement (New York Law), neither the LLP nor any of its agents will dispose, 
sell, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise convey all or any part of the Collateral, except: (a) the pledge to the 
Collateral Agent under the Security Agreement (New York Law); (b) prior to the occurrence of an Acceleration 
Event, the sale and repurchase of US System Securities Collateral for such Class consisting of Purchased Securities, 
and/or the return of Additional Purchased Securities and Income to the applicable Seller, pursuant to and in 
accordance with the related Repurchase Transactions, the related Custodial Agreements and the Collateral 
Administration Agreement, provided that, if such transfers of Purchased Securities, Additional Purchased Securities, 
and/or Income occur as a result of the acceleration and early close-out of the Repurchase Transactions following the 
occurrence of a Repurchase Event of Default as to which the LLP is the defaulting party, the Collateral Agent will 
direct the applicable Custodian to hold the resulting cash proceeds in each applicable Collateral Account as US 
System Class Collateral for each related Class, and distribute the same in accordance with the priority of payments 
set forth in "—Application of US System Class Collateral following a Repurchase Event of Default of LLP" below; 
(c) prior to the occurrence of an Acceleration Event, substitutions of the related US System Securities Collateral 
pursuant to and in accordance with the related Repurchase Transactions, the related Custodial Agreements and the 
Collateral Administration Agreement; (d) prior to the occurrence of an Acceleration Event, if a Credit Support Deed 
has been entered into and an Issuer Collateral Posting Election has been made, the return of the related Posted 
Collateral and Income to the Issuer in accordance with the applicable Credit Support Deed, and, upon repayment of 
the related Class, delivery of any remaining US System Class Collateral to the Issuer in repayment of the Advance 
under the Intercompany Loan related to such Class; and (e) prior to the occurrence of a Repurchase Event of Default 
with respect to the Applicable Repurchase Agreement, the reallocation of Purchased Securities and Additional 
Purchased Securities from the Collateral Account for one Class to the Collateral Account for another Class pursuant 
to the related Repurchase Transactions, the related Custodial Agreements and the Collateral Administration 
Agreement; provided, that, with respect to Restricted Securities Collateral, any such sale, transfer, assignment (by 
operation of law or otherwise), pledge or any other conveyance must comply with the Restricted Securities 
Collateral Protocol. The excess, if any, of (i) the cash received in connection with such disposition over (ii) the sum 
of (A) the reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the party effecting such disposition, and (B) 
sales, use, transfer, value-added, documentary, recording or other taxes or fees reasonably estimated to be actually 
payable or actually paid in connection therewith (the "US System Net Cash Proceeds"), will be remitted to the 
Collateral Account for the related Class and applied in accordance with the US System Pre-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments or the US System Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments for such Class, as applicable. 
Enforcement following Acceleration Event 
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event with respect to a Class, the Collateral Agent will, on the Acceleration 
Date with respect to such Acceleration Event, to the extent that the Collateral Agent has received written notice or 
has actual knowledge thereof, give notice in writing to the Issuer and the LLP (an "US System Acceleration 
Notice") that an Acceleration Event has occurred. Upon the occurrence of such Acceleration Event, each applicable 
Class of Notes is and each Class will thereupon immediately become, due and repayable in an amount equal to its 
principal amount outstanding plus accrued interest and/or accreted discount through the Acceleration Date. 
The Collateral Agent will, on the Acceleration Date with respect to any Acceleration Event of which the 
Collateral Agent has received written notice or has actual knowledge, provide a copy of the related US System 
Acceleration Notice to the Administrator, each Custodian, the Collateral Administrator, and each Noteholder. 
Certain Noteholders may benefit from remedies in addition to or different from those set forth below. See "—
US System Qualified Directing Investors" below. During the continuance of an Acceleration Event, 
the Collateral Agent may exercise in respect of the US System Class Collateral with respect to each related Class, 
in addition to all other rights and remedies provided for in the Security Agreement (New York Law) or otherwise 
available to it at law or in equity, all the rights and remedies of a secured creditor under the Uniform Commercial 
Code, as it is in effect from time to time in the State of New York (the "UCC"), (whether or not the UCC applies to 
the affected US System Class Collateral) to collect, enforce or satisfy any Secured Obligations related to such Class 
then owing, whether by acceleration or otherwise, and also may, without notice except as specified below or under 
the UCC or other applicable law, following delivery of the notice required pursuant to the Security Agreement

--- Page 135 ---
129 
(New York Law), sell or assign such US System Class Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public 
or private sale, at all or any part of the Collateral Agent's offices or elsewhere, for cash, at such time or times and at 
such price or prices and upon such other terms as the Collateral Agent may deem commercially reasonable, and in 
respect of the US System Intangible Collateral, in addition to all other rights and remedies provided for in the 
Security Agreement (New York Law) or otherwise available to it at law or in equity, all the rights and remedies of a 
secured creditor under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to the US System Intangible Collateral) to collect, 
enforce or satisfy any Secured Obligations then owing, whether by acceleration or otherwise; provided, that, in 
respect of the Restricted Securities Collateral only, the exercise of any rights and remedies set forth in the Security 
Agreement (New York Law) by the Collateral Agent must comply with the Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol. 
Any Secured Creditor may be the purchaser of all or any part of the Collateral at any public or private sale in 
accordance with the UCC and other applicable law and, with prior notice to the Collateral Agent, any such Secured 
Creditor will be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment of the purchase price for all 
or any portion of such Collateral sold at any such sale made in accordance with the UCC, to use and apply its 
proportionate share any of the Secured Obligations (which may be limited, with respect to such Secured Creditor, 
to related Secured Obligations) as a credit on account of the purchase price for any such Collateral payable by such 
Secured Creditor at such sale; provided, that, in respect of the Restricted Securities Collateral only, any purchase of 
such Restricted Securities Collateral by a Secured Creditor must comply with the Restricted Securities Collateral 
Protocol. Each purchaser at any such sale will hold the property sold absolutely free from any claim or right on the 
part of the LLP, and the LLP has waived (to the extent permitted by applicable law) all rights of redemption, stay 
and/or appraisal which it now has or may at any time in the future have under any rule of law or statute now existing 
or hereafter enacted. The Collateral Agent will not be obligated to conduct any sale of Collateral regardless of notice 
of sale having been given. The Collateral Agent may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by 
announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time 
and place to which it was so adjourned. The LLP waives any claims against the Collateral Agent arising by reason of 
the fact that the price at which any Collateral may have been sold at such a private sale was less than the price which 
might have been obtained at a public sale, even if the Collateral Agent accepts the first offer received and does not 
offer such Collateral to more than one offeree. If the proceeds of any sale or other disposition of the Collateral are 
insufficient to pay all the Secured Obligations related to the applicable Class or Shared Collateral Class Group, as 
applicable, the LLP will not be liable for the deficiency. In connection with any public or private sale of Collateral, 
the Collateral Agent may appoint one or more brokers, investment bankers, consultants, legal advisors, affiliates, 
liquidation agents or other professionals and the costs and expenses of any such brokers, investment bankers, 
affiliates, consultants, legal advisors, liquidation agents and other professionals will be paid from the proceeds of the 
sale of such Collateral. Any such appointment by the Collateral Agent will be conclusive and binding on all US 
System Secured Creditors, but will not relieve the Collateral Agent of its obligations to fulfil its duties under the 
Security Agreement (New York Law). 
In connection with the exercise of remedies with respect to any US System Class Collateral pursuant to the Security 
Agreement (New York Law), the Collateral Agent will seek that all US System Class Collateral then in the Series 
Operating Account or the Note Payment Account be identified as US System Class Collateral and allocated to the 
related Escrow Account for disposition in accordance with the Security Agreement (New York Law), and be 
permitted to move any US System Class Collateral from the related Collateral Account to the related Escrow 
Account, at such times, in such amounts and by such methods as it may deem appropriate, necessary or conducive to 
the exercise of its powers and discharge of its duties under the Security Agreement (New York Law); and retain (at 
its own cost and not in duplication of liquidation expenses) and rely upon advisory services provided by the 
Collateral Administrator, provided that such retention and reliance will not relieve the Collateral Agent from the 
performance of its duties and obligations as set forth in the Security Agreement (New York Law) and the other 
Transaction Documents. 
By reason of certain prohibitions contained under applicable law, the Collateral Agent may be compelled, 
with respect to any sale of all or any part of the Collateral conducted without prior registration or qualification of 
such Collateral under such securities laws, to limit purchasers to those who will agree, among other things, to 
acquire the Collateral for their own account, for investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof 
and meet any applicable selling restrictions under any applicable law with respect thereto. Any such private sale 
may be at prices and on terms less favourable than those obtainable through a public sale without such restrictions 
(including a public offering made pursuant to a registration statement, prospectus, or similar document under

--- Page 136 ---
130 
applicable securities laws) and, notwithstanding such circumstances, any such private sale will be deemed to have 
been made in a commercially reasonable manner and the Collateral Agent will have no obligation to engage in 
public sales and no obligation to delay the sale of any Collateral for the period of time necessary to permit the issuer 
thereof to register it for a form of public sale requiring registration under applicable securities laws, even if such 
issuer would, or should, agree to so register it. 
The Collateral Agent and its agents will conduct any sale under the Security Agreement (New York Law) 
in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Security Agreement (New York Law), and in the case of a public 
sale the UCC. Except as required by applicable law, any sale of Collateral by the Collateral Agent and its agents 
may be made without assuming any credit risk. The Collateral Agent, in connection with any exercise of any of its 
rights or remedies, may exercise the same without demand of performance or other demand, presentment, protest, 
advertisement or notice of any kind (except any notice required by law) to or upon the LLP or any other person (all 
and each of which demands, presentment, protect, advertisements or notices have been waived). The 
Collateral Agent and its agents may sell Collateral in one or more lots, and to one or more purchasers. The 
Collateral Agent and its agents will conduct any sale on a "where is, as is" basis, without any representations and 
warranties relating to title, possession, quiet enjoyment or the like, express or implied. Any process undertaken by 
the Collateral Agent in accordance with the terms of the Security Agreement (New York Law) (to the extent 
permitted by applicable law) is deemed "reasonable." In addition, any timing requirements in connection with any 
Collateral, sale or bid process will be extended to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable law 
or otherwise operationally or administratively necessary. Any sale or disposition of Restricted Securities Collateral 
must comply with the applicable Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol. 
Only the Collateral Agent may pursue the remedies available under the general law or under the Security Agreement 
(New York Law) to enforce the security interest set forth therein with respect to any Collateral and no other party 
nor any of the Noteholders will be entitled to proceed directly against the LLP to enforce any such security interest. 
US System Qualified Directing Investors 
A "US System Qualified Directing Investor" means, as of any date of determination, a Noteholder that is a US 
System Secured Creditor and that provides a US System Directing Investor Notice pursuant to the Security 
Agreement (New York Law) to the Collateral Agent, with respect to a US System Directing Investor Class as to 
which it is acting, for itself or on behalf of an Affiliate which has so authorised it to act. Any Class of Notes secured 
by US System Collateral which is wholly owned by a Noteholder or one or more of its Affiliates, or by a Noteholder 
in conjunction with one or more of its Affiliates, and (if it is not the Noteholder with respect to such Class or if such 
Class is wholly owned by the Noteholder in conjunction with one or more of its Affiliates) as to which such 
Noteholder has provided evidence satisfactory to the Collateral Agent that it has authorisation from the Affiliate that 
is the sole Noteholder (or, with whom, such Class is wholly owned by such Noteholder) to give instructions to the 
Collateral Agent as a US System Qualified Directing Investor, will be an "US System Directing Investor Class", 
and be eligible for certain remedies following an Acceleration Event different from those of Classes that are not US 
System Directing Investor Classes, as set forth below. With respect to any Class subject to the Restricted Securities 
Collateral Protocol, no Noteholder that is not then a Permitted Restricted Securities Collateral Holder will be 
qualified to act as a Qualified Directing Investor for such Class. A "Permitted Restricted Securities Collateral 
Holder" is an eligible transferee under the Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol or, if the transfer restrictions set 
forth in the Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol are no longer applicable, any Person. 
Each Noteholder of a US System Directing Investor Class, or an authorised Affiliate thereof, may, no later than 6:00 
p.m. (New York time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after an Acceleration Event, provide to the Collateral Agent 
by facsimile, overnight courier service, telecopier, certified or registered post, by hand or by electronic 
communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the 
Collateral Agent, a duly completed and executed US System Directing Investor Notice (the "US System Directing 
Investor Notice"), substantially in the form of the corresponding exhibit attached to the Security Agreement (New 
York Law). The form may be obtained from the Administrator or the Collateral Agent. If the Final Terms for a Class 
contains an indicator that such Class is not a US System Directing Investor Class, such indicator shall control, and 
any US System Directing Investor Notice received in respect of such Class will be deemed to be ineffective and 
disregarded by the Collateral Agent.

--- Page 137 ---
131 
With respect to any Class subject to the Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol, no Noteholder that is not then a 
Permitted Restricted Securities Collateral Holder can deliver (or cause to be delivered on its behalf) any notice to the 
Collateral Agent characterizing any event, occurrence, lapse or omission as an "Acceleration Event" or words of 
similar effect. Any notice received from any such Noteholder that is inconsistent with the restrictions in the 
preceding sentence will be deemed to be ineffective and shall be disregarded by the Collateral Agent. 
With respect to each Class which is a US System Directing Investor Class, the related US System Qualified 
Directing Investor will be entitled to give instructions that comply with the provisions set forth below 
(such instructions, "US System Qualified Instructions") to the Collateral Agent with respect to the disposition of 
the related US System Class Collateral, and the Collateral Agent will accept and promptly act upon all US System 
Qualified Instructions with respect to the disposition of the US System Class Collateral related to each such Class. 
After the occurrence of an Acceleration Event and delivery of a satisfactory US System Directing Investor Notice, 
subject to the immediately succeeding paragraph, US System Qualified Directing Investors may give the 
Collateral Agent any or all of the following disposition instructions with respect to the US System Class Collateral 
for each related US System Directing Investor Class in respect of which they are acting: (a) that some or all of the 
US System Class Collateral be sold by the Collateral Agent pursuant to collateral sales conducted in accordance 
with the Security Agreement (New York Law) for the best price offered to the Collateral Agent for such US System 
Class Collateral, with or without instructions as to the specific timing of such sales, or the markets or processes to be 
employed; (b) that some or all of the US System Class Collateral be sold to named purchasers, with or without 
instructions as to the purchase price therefor; (c) that some or all of the US System Class Collateral be delivered to 
the US System Qualified Directing Investor or its nominee Affiliate in kind, provided that the US System Qualified 
Directing Investor must comply with all applicable securities laws and ensure (and satisfy the Collateral Agent) that 
any such delivery will be in compliance therewith; (d) that some or all of the US System Class Collateral be 
maintained by the Collateral Agent in the related Escrow Account(s) pending further instructions; and/or (e) that 
some or all of the US System Class Collateral shall be subject to an auction or bidding process organized and 
conducted by the applicable US System Qualified Directing Investor (or, subject to the terms hereof, the Collateral 
Agent acting pursuant to the applicable US System Qualified Directing Investor's instructions and procedures), 
which auction or bidding process: (A) shall be arranged, structured and conducted in a manner that the US System 
Qualified Directing Investor deems appropriate, provided that the US System Qualified Directing Investor shall act 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; (B) 
may permit such US System Qualified Directing 
Investor (x) to review all submitted bids and to submit a final bid for some or all of the US System Class Collateral, 
which final bid, if higher, will be deemed to supersede any prior bid such US System Qualified Directing Investor 
may have submitted, and/or (y) to choose to reject some or all of the bids received and instead take delivery in kind 
of such US System Class Collateral or such portion thereof as may have been the subject of such bid; and (C) if 
conducted by the applicable US System Qualified Directing Investor, shall require such US System Qualified 
Directing Investor to report to the Collateral Agent (x) the bid prices received and the securities to which the 
respective bids relate, (y) which bids and amounts have been agreed and with which successful bidder and (z) which 
securities, if any, constituting US System Class Collateral shall not be sold to any bidder and instead shall be 
delivered in-kind to such US System Qualified Directing Investor (or its nominee affiliate) and, using the 
corresponding bids received (if any), the bid prices comprising the Bid Set Value for such securities constituting US 
System Class Collateral delivered in-kind to such US System Qualified Directing Investor (or its nominee affiliate), 
subject to the limitations set forth below. 
US System Qualified Directing Investors may give the Collateral Agent instructions on any Business Day, but may 
not submit instructions that: (a) if implemented, would cause or result in a violation of the Security Agreement 
(New York Law), any other Transaction Document, or any applicable laws or any rules or regulations, including 
without limitation the terms of any permissive or mandatory stay imposed by a governmental authority that applies 
to the US System Class Collateral; (b) if implemented, would result in such US System Qualified Directing Investor 
receiving an aggregate amount of cash and/or value (calculated as described above) in excess of the sum of the 
Payment Amounts due to such US System Qualified Directing Investor in respect of all its US System Directing 
Investor Classes; (c) do not adequately describe the US System Class Collateral the subject of such instruction, 
are lacking sufficient clarity, completeness or detail, or otherwise are too vague for the Collateral Agent to 
understand and comply with such instructions; (d) are commercially unreasonable, whether as to timing, method, 
requirements, the administrative burden such instructions would place on the Collateral Agent, or for any other 
reason; (e) involve fraudulent action, including without limitation, transactions at an undervalue, or which involve

--- Page 138 ---
132 
round-trip or undisclosed consideration or which are not conducted for consideration which is fully disclosed to the 
Collateral Agent and which is equal to the price for the related US System Class Collateral that could be obtained 
from a generally recognised source or the most recent closing bid quotation from such a source; (f) would require 
the Collateral Agent to incur liquidation costs that cannot be recouped from the cash proceeds of sale, unless such 
costs are borne by the US System Qualified Directing Investor or otherwise assured to the Collateral Agent in its 
reasonable discretion; (g) unless otherwise agreed by the Collateral Agent in writing or to the extent required to 
comply with any applicable Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol, are submitted by a method other than through 
the notification features of the clearing systems utilised by the Issue and Paying Agent for the issuance and 
settlement of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or (h) if implemented, would cause or result in a 
violation of the Restricted Collateral Securities Protocol.  
If a US System Qualified Directing Investor that has previously delivered a US System Directing Investor Notice 
(x) fails to submit US System Qualified Instructions as to the applicable US System Class Collateral for a period of 
thirty (30) days, or (y) by the date thirty (30) days following the Acceleration Date (with such period tolled for any 
period that a permissive or mandatory stay prevents a disposition), fails to direct the Collateral Agent to dispose of 
sufficient US System Class Collateral to generate sufficient US System Net Cash Proceeds, and/or to direct the 
Collateral Agent to deliver to the Seller Purchased Securities, in an aggregate amount equal to the amount due and 
payable from the LLP to the applicable Seller pursuant to the Applicable Repurchase Agreement with respect to the 
Repurchase Transactions related to each US System Directing Investor Class in respect of which such US System 
Qualified Directing Investor is acting, the related Class will thereafter be deemed not to be a US System Directing 
Investor Class, and such US System Class Collateral will be sold by the Collateral Agent in accordance with the 
Security Agreement (New York Law), and the US System Net Cash Proceeds applied in accordance with the US 
System Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments for Classes other than US System Directing Investor Classes. If a US 
System Qualified Directing Investor submits US System Qualified Instructions, but such US System Qualified 
Instructions do not instruct the Collateral Agent to dispose of such applicable US System Class Collateral within six 
(6) months after the Acceleration Date (with such period tolled for any period that a permissive or mandatory stay 
prevents such disposition), then, subject to clause (b) in the immediately preceding paragraph, such US System 
Qualified Directing Investor must either: (i) submit a Qualified Instruction that the remaining US System Class 
Collateral for each US System Directing Investor Class as to which the US System Qualified Directing Investor is 
acting be delivered to such US System Qualified Directing Investor or its nominee Affiliate in kind, or (ii) agree 
with the Collateral Agent in an arrangement that comports with the paragraph immediately below. In the absence of 
compliance with (i) or (ii) above, the related Class will thereafter be deemed not to be a US System Directing 
Investor Class, and such US System Class Collateral will be sold by the Collateral Agent in accordance with the 
Security Agreement (New York Law), and the US System Net Cash Proceeds applied in accordance with the US 
System Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments for Classes other than US System Directing Investor Classes. 
At any time after an Acceleration Event, a US System Qualified Directing Investor and the Collateral Agent may 
enter into an arrangement between themselves, with or without their Affiliates, as to removal of the related US 
System Class Collateral as to which the US System Qualified Directing Investor is acting from the related Escrow 
Accounts and the removal of each related US System Directing Investor Class from the book-entry systems on 
which such interests are represented. Any such arrangement will be treated as a delivery in kind of the related US 
System Class Collateral to the US System Qualified Directing Investor, with the result that the Collateral Agent will 
reduce the Payment Amounts due to the holder of each related Class in accordance with the valuation method 
described above. 
US System Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
Subject to compliance with any mandatory stay imposed by any governmental authority under applicable law, 
beginning on the date on which any Acceleration Event occurs and on each Business Day thereafter, the 
Collateral Agent will exercise remedies in accordance with the Security Agreement (New York Law), including 
without limitation, on the first Business Day following the Acceleration Date, undertaking the following actions 
with respect to the US System Class Collateral, and making the following payments (the "US System Post-
Acceleration Priority of Payments"): 
(a) 
Classes Other Than US System Directing Investor Classes. With respect to each related 
Class which is not a US System Directing Investor Class,

--- Page 139 ---
133 
(i) 
if such Class is not a member of a Shared Collateral Class Group, the Collateral Agent 
will withdraw all US System Class Collateral related to each such Class from each Collateral Account 
and/or the Escrow Account for such Class, sell all US System Class Collateral related to each such Class in 
accordance with the Security Agreement (New York Law), and apply the US System Net Cash Proceeds for 
each related Class to make the following payments in the following order of priority: 
(A) 
first, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards 
satisfaction of the Payment Amounts due to the Noteholders of each such Class pursuant to the 
LLP Undertaking; 
(B) 
second, 
(x) 
if the Issuer has pledged Collateral with respect to such Class after 
making an Issuer Collateral Posting Election, to the Issuer in an amount up to the 
aggregate Market Value of such pledged Collateral (such Market Value determined as of 
the day preceding the Acceleration Date for such Class); or 
(y) 
if the Issuer has not made an Issuer Collateral Posting Election, to pay 
each related Seller any amounts due and payable by the LLP to the Seller pursuant to the 
Repurchase Transactions related to such Class; and 
(C) 
third, the remaining amount, if any, to the LLP Master Account. 
(ii)  
if such Class is a member of a Shared Collateral Class Group, the Collateral Agent shall 
direct the applicable Custodian to transfer all Class Collateral related to such Shared Collateral Class Group 
from each Collateral Account of each such Class to the Escrow Account, withdraw all Class Collateral 
related to such Shared Collateral Class Group from each Collateral Account maintained by it and/or the 
Escrow Account, in accordance with this Agreement, sell first, (x) all Unrestricted Securities Collateral that 
does not constitute Eligible Securities for every Class in such Shared Collateral Class Group, second (y) all 
remaining Unrestricted Class Collateral and third, (z) all Restricted Securities Collateral, and, in each case, 
apply the related Net Cash Proceeds for such Shared Collateral Class Group to make the following 
payments in the following order of priority: 
(A)  
first, 
(x) 
with respect to Net Cash Proceeds arising from the sales of Class 
Collateral described in clause (a)(ii)(x) above, to each Holder of a Class for which such 
Unrestricted Class Collateral constitutes Eligible Securities, such Holder's ratable share 
of its respective Class's Adjusted Class Pro Rata Share (calculated without regard to the 
Payment Amounts owing to the Holders of Classes for which such Class Collateral does 
not constitute Eligible Securities) of Net Cash Proceeds arising from the sale of the 
applicable Class Collateral, in or towards satisfaction of the Payment Amounts due to the 
Holders of each Class in such Shared Collateral Class Group pursuant to the LLP 
Undertaking; 
(y)  
with respect to Net Cash Proceeds arising from the sales of Class 
Collateral described in clause (a)(ii)(y) above, to each Holder its ratable share of its 
respective Class's Adjusted Class Pro Rata Share (as re-determined after reducing each 
Class's Adjusted Acceleration Date Class Payment Amount by the amount, if any, 
received by each applicable Holder in the preceding clause (x)) of Net Cash Proceeds 
arising from the sale of the applicable Class Collateral, in or towards satisfaction of the 
Payment Amounts due to the Holders of each Class in such Shared Collateral Class 
Group pursuant to the LLP Undertaking; and  
(z)  
with respect to Net Cash Proceeds arising from the sales of Class 
Collateral described in clause (a)(ii)(z) above, to each Holder its ratable share of its 
respective Class's Adjusted Class Pro Rata Share (as re-determined after reducing each

--- Page 140 ---
134 
Class's Adjusted Acceleration Date Class Payment Amount by the amount, if any, 
received by each applicable Holder in the preceding clauses (x) and (y)) of Net Cash 
Proceeds arising from the sale of the applicable Class Collateral, in or towards 
satisfaction of the Payment Amounts due to the Holders of each Class in such Shared 
Collateral Class Group pursuant to the LLP Undertaking; and 
(B) 
second, 
(x) 
if the Issuer has pledged Collateral with respect to any Class in such 
Shared Collateral Class Group pursuant to a Credit Support Deed after making an Issuer 
Collateral Posting Election, to the Issuer in an amount up to the aggregate Market Value 
of such pledged Collateral (such Market Value determined by the Collateral Agent (using 
information provided by the applicable Custodian if the Collateral Agent so desires) as of 
the day preceding the Acceleration Date for such Class); or 
(y) 
if the Issuer has not made an Issuer Collateral Posting Election, to pay 
each related Seller any amounts due and payable by the Grantor to each related Seller 
pursuant to the Repurchase Transactions related to each Class in such Shared Collateral 
Class Group; and 
(C) 
third, the remaining amount, if any, to the LLP Master Account. 
For purposes of this section, the defined terms have the following meanings: 
"Adjusted Acceleration Date Class Payment Amount" means the dollar equivalent (based on the spot 
rate as of the Acceleration Date as determined by the applicable Custodian in accordance with the standard 
procedures established by such Custodian) of the Payment Amounts (as of the Acceleration Date) owing to each 
Holder of such Class. 
"Adjusted Class Pro Rata Share" means, with respect to the Net Cash Proceeds arising from the sale of 
any Class Collateral, a fraction (expressed as a percentage), the numerator for which is (i) such Class's Adjusted 
Haircut Acceleration Date Class Payment Amount, and the denominator for which is (ii) the aggregate Adjusted 
Haircut Acceleration Date Class Payment Amounts with respect to each Class within such Class's Shared Collateral 
Class Group. 
"Adjusted Haircut Acceleration Date Class Payment Amount" means an amount equal to the product of 
(i) such Class's Adjusted Acceleration Date Class Payment Amount, multiplied by (ii) the percentage set forth in the 
Collateral Eligibility Statement relating to such Class as the margin applicable to the related Securities from which 
such Net Cash Proceeds arise. 
"Unrestricted Securities Collateral" means all Securities Collateral other than Restricted Securities 
Collateral.  
(b) 
US System Directing Investor Classes. The Collateral Agent will accept and promptly act upon all 
US System Qualified Instructions received from each applicable US System Qualified Directing Investor, 
with respect to the disposition of the US System Class Collateral related to each affected Class unless and 
until all Payment Amounts due to the Holder of each related Class pursuant to the LLP Undertaking have 
been satisfied. In connection with any disposition of some or all of the US System Class Collateral for a US 
System Directing Investor Class: 
(i) 
to the extent such disposition is for cash, the Collateral Agent will apply the US System 
Net Cash Proceeds arising from such disposition in or towards satisfaction of the Payment Amounts due to 
the Noteholder of each related Class pursuant to the LLP Undertaking; and 
(ii) 
to the extent such disposition is not for cash, the Collateral Agent will reduce the 
Payment Amounts due to the Holder of each related Class pursuant to the LLP Undertaking by an amount 
equal to the Market Value of the portion of the US System Class Collateral that is the subject of such

--- Page 141 ---
135 
disposition, such Market Value to be as determined by the Custodian as of the close of business on the 
Business Day prior to such disposition; provided that, to the extent that (x) the Market Value of the portion 
of the US System Class Collateral that is the subject of such disposition exceeds (y) the Payment Amounts 
due to the Holder of each related Class pursuant to the LLP Undertaking, the Collateral Agent will require 
such Holder to remit to the Collateral Agent an amount in immediately available funds equal to such 
difference prior to delivery of such US System Class Collateral. 
If any US System Class Collateral remains after satisfaction of the Payment Amount due to the Noteholder of a US 
System Directing Investor Class, the remaining portion of such US System Class Collateral will be sold by the 
Collateral Agent in accordance with the Security Agreement (New York Law) and the US System Net Cash 
Proceeds thereof will be applied in the following order: (A) if the Issuer has pledged Collateral with respect to such 
Class after making an Issuer Collateral Posting Election, to the Issuer in an amount up to the aggregate Market 
Value of such pledged Collateral (such Market Value determined as of the day preceding the Acceleration Date for 
such Class), or if the Issuer has not made an Issuer Collateral Posting Election, to pay the Seller any amounts due 
and payable by the LLP to the applicable Seller pursuant to the Repurchase Transactions related to such Class; and 
(B) the remaining amount, if any, to the LLP Master Account. 
Application of US System Class Collateral following a Repurchase Event of Default of LLP 
With respect to each Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes as to which a Repurchase Event of 
Default has occurred where the LLP is the defaulting party, following the exercise of remedies by the Seller, the 
Collateral Agent will be permitted to return the US System Class Collateral to the Seller against payment by the 
Seller of the associated Repurchase Price in immediately available funds (which funds will be deposited by the 
Collateral Agent into each related Collateral Account and/or the Escrow Account for each such Class). On each date 
that amounts become due to the Holders of each such Class pursuant to the LLP Undertaking, the Collateral Agent 
will withdraw (or where applicable, direct the relevant Custodian to do so) the applicable funds representing the US 
System Class Collateral from each Collateral Account for such Class and/or the Escrow Account for such Class, and 
apply the funds to make the following payments in the following order of priority, with no application to be made 
until all actual or contingent liabilities under the applicable LLP Undertaking to the Holders of such Class in respect 
of Payment Amounts have been satisfied in full: (a) first (x) subject to clause (y) below, pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due to the Noteholders of each such Class 
pursuant to the applicable LLP Undertaking or (y) if such Class is a member of a Shared Collateral Class Group and 
an Acceleration Event has occurred with respect to such Class, pro rata according to the Dollar Equivalent (based on 
the spot rate as of the Acceleration Date as determined by the applicable Custodian in accordance with the standard 
procedures established by such Custodian) of the Payment Amounts (as of the Acceleration Date) owing to each 
Holder, in or towards satisfaction of any amounts due to the Holders of each such Class pursuant to the applicable 
LLP Undertaking; and (b) second, the remaining amount, if any, to the LLP Master Account. 
Removal or Resignation of Collateral Agent 
The Collateral Agent may resign upon 90 days' prior written notice to the LLP and the Administrator. 
The Collateral Agent may be removed for any of the following causes upon at least 90 days' prior written notice by 
the LLP or the Administrator: (a) a material adverse change in the business and operations of the Collateral Agent 
has occurred and is continuing, such that as a result of such change, the Collateral Agent no longer has the capacity 
or the competence to perform its obligations as Collateral Agent; (b) the Collateral Agent wilfully violates or 
wilfully breaches any provision of any of the Transaction Documents applicable to the Collateral Agent; (c) the 
Collateral Agent breaches in any material respect any provision of any of the Transaction Documents applicable to 
the Collateral Agent, which breach if capable of being cured, is not cured within 30 days of the Collateral Agent 
becoming aware of, or receiving notice from the LLP or the Administrator of, such breach; (d) the failure of any 
representation, warranty, certification or statement made or delivered by the Collateral Agent in or pursuant to any 
of the Transaction Documents to be correct in any material respect when made and no correction is made for a 
period of 45 days after the Collateral Agent becoming aware of, or its receipt of notice from the LLP or the 
Administrator of, such failure; (e) the Collateral Agent is wound up or dissolved or there is appointed over it or a 
substantial part of its assets a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee or similar officer; or the 
Collateral Agent (i) ceases to be able to, or admits in writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become due and 
payable, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or arrangement with, its

--- Page 142 ---
136 
creditors generally; (ii) applies for or consents (by admission of material allegations of a petition or otherwise) to the 
appointment of a receiver, trustee, assignee, custodian, liquidator or sequestrator (or other similar official) of the 
Collateral Agent or of any substantial part of its properties or assets, or authorises such an application or consent, or 
proceedings seeking such appointment are commenced without such authorisation, consent or application against the 
Collateral Agent and continue undismissed for 60 days or any such appointment is ordered by a court or regulatory 
body having jurisdiction; (iii) authorises or files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or applies for or consents (by 
admission of material allegations of a petition or otherwise) to the application of any bankruptcy, reorganisation, 
arrangement, readjustment of debt, insolvency, dissolution, or similar law, or authorises such application or consent, 
or proceedings to such end are instituted against the Collateral Agent without such authorisation, application or 
consent and remain undismissed for 60 days or result in adjudication of bankruptcy or insolvency or the issuance of 
an order for relief; or (iv) permits or suffers all or any substantial part of its properties or assets to be sequestered or 
attached by court order and the order (if contested in good faith) remains undismissed for 60 days; (f) the criminal 
indictment of the Collateral Agent for the occurrence of an act by the Collateral Agent that constitutes fraud or 
criminal activity in the performance of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents applicable to the 
Collateral Agent, as determined by a final adjudication by a court of competent jurisdiction or the indictment for 
criminal prosecution of any senior officer of the Collateral Agent for a criminal offense materially related to its 
obligations under the Security Agreement (New York Law); or (g) the Collateral Agent shall cease to be a Permitted 
Restricted Securities Collateral Holder or fails to comply with the Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol and fails 
to enter into an alternative arrangement (which may include transferring record ownership of the Restricted 
Securities Collateral to the LLP and/or appointing a co-collateral agent) in accordance with the terms of the Security 
Agreement. 
No institution will be eligible to serve as a successor Collateral Agent unless it: (a) is not an affiliate of the outgoing 
Collateral Agent; (b) is legally qualified and has the capacity to act as Collateral Agent under the Security 
Agreement (New York Law) and under the terms of the other Transaction Documents; (c) has a combined capital 
and surplus of at least US $200,000,000, a short term debt rated at least "P-1" by Moody's and at least "A-1" by S&P 
and a long term debt rated at least "Baa1" by Moody's and at least "BBB+" by S&P and (d) is a Permitted Restricted 
Securities Collateral Holder. 
In addition, if The Bank of New York Mellon is appointed as Collateral Agent, it has the right to resign as Collateral 
Agent, without regard to any notice requirement set forth in the Security Agreement (New York Law) but subject to 
the appointment of a successor Collateral Agent and the satisfaction of certain other conditions, if its appointment as 
the Custodian is terminated. 
Restricted Securities Collateral 
In the case of any Restricted Securities Collateral consisting of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 
per share, of Visa Inc. ("Visa B Common Stock"), the Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol prohibits Transfer to 
any Person other than (a) to a Transferee that is a holder of Visa B Common Stock or is an Affiliate of a holder of 
Visa B Common Stock, pursuant to Section 4.25(a)(iv) of the Certificate of Incorporation of Visa Inc. and in 
accordance with a Visa Inc. Class B Common Stock Transfer Letter; and (b) to a Transferee that is an Affiliate of 
the Transferor, pursuant to Section 4.25(a)(v) of the Certificate of Incorporation of Visa Inc. and in accordance with 
a Visa Inc. Class B Common Stock Transfer Letter at any time prior to the date upon which the Collateral Agent 
receives notice from Visa Inc. (or, if the Grantor or another Custodian is then the record owner of such Restricted 
Securities Collateral, from the Grantor or such Custodian) of the occurrence of the "Escrow Termination Date" (as 
defined in the Certificate of Incorporation of Visa Inc). 
For purposes of the Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol applicable to Visa B Common Stock, 
capitalised terms have the meaning attributed to such term in the Certificate of Incorporation of Visa Inc. as in effect 
from time to time which, as from the Second Amendment Closing Date, will provide as follows: 
"Affiliate" has the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations 
under the Exchange Act. 
"Beneficial Owner" has the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 under the 
Exchange Act (or any successor rules), except that in calculating the beneficial ownership of any particular Person,

--- Page 143 ---
137 
for purposes solely of the Certificate of Incorporation of Visa Inc., and not for purposes of such rules, (a) such 
Person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such Person has the right to acquire by 
conversion or exercise of other securities, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the 
occurrence of a subsequent condition and (b) such Person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares 
of Visa A Common Stock issuable upon conversion of any shares of Class B Common Stock and/or Class C 
Common Stock beneficially owned by such Person only for purposes of Section 4.24(b)(ii) of the Certificate of 
Incorporation of Visa Inc. and not for purposes of any other section thereof. The terms "Beneficially Owns," 
"Beneficial Ownership" and "Beneficially Owned" each have a corresponding meaning. 
"Certificate of Incorporation of Visa Inc." means the Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation of Visa Inc. as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on January 28, 2015, as amended or 
restated from time to time. 
"Common Stock" is used as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation of Visa Inc. 
"Control" has the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations 
under the Exchange Act. 
"Exchange Act" shall mean the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (or any successor 
legislation). 
"Person" shall mean an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, estate, trust, 
common or collective fund, association, private foundation, joint stock company or other entity and includes a group 
as that term is used for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act. 
"Second Restated Visa International By-Laws" means the Second Restated Visa International Bylaws of 
Visa International, as in effect on June 15, 2007. 
"Transfer" means any issuance, sale, transfer, gift, assignment, distribution, devise or other disposition, 
directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, as well as any other event that causes any Person to acquire 
Beneficial Ownership, or any agreement to take any such actions or cause any such events, of Visa B Common 
Stock or other Common Stock or the right to vote Visa B Common Stock or other Common Stock, including (a) the 
granting or exercise of any option (or any disposition of any option), (b) any disposition of any securities or rights 
convertible into or exchangeable for Visa B Common Stock or other Common Stock or any interest in Visa B 
Common Stock or other Common Stock or any exercise of any such conversion of exchange right and (c) transfers 
of interests in other entities that result in changes of ownership of Visa B Common Stock or other Common Stock, 
in each case, whether voluntary or involuntary, whether owned of record, or Beneficially Owned and whether by 
merger, operation of law or otherwise; provided, however, that the mere change of Control of any Person, the equity 
securities of which are publicly traded, shall not, in and of itself, constitute a Transfer unless a purpose of such 
change of Control is to acquire ownership of Visa B Common Stock or other Common Stock in excess of the 
ownership restrictions set forth in Section 4.24 of the Certificate of Incorporation of Visa Inc. The terms 
"Transferring," "Transferred," "Transferee," and "Transferor" each have a correlative meaning. 
"Visa Inc." means Visa Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
Amendment of GCMTN Series Documents 
Subject to the below, the Administrator may at any time, without the consent or sanction of the Secured Creditors 
related to the affected Class(es) of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, consent to any action or amend or 
otherwise modify any of the terms of the Security Agreement (New York Law) or any other GCMTN Series 
Documents that is governed by New York law (a "New York Law Amendment"); provided that the Collateral 
Agent has received a written officer's certificate from the Administrator that such New York Law Amendment will 
not adversely affect in any material respect the interests of any Secured Creditor related to the affected Class(es) of 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes (an "MAE Certificate"). Any such New York Law Amendment may be 
made on such terms and subject to such conditions, if any, as the Administrator may reasonably determine necessary

--- Page 144 ---
138 
or appropriate. To the extent that the Administrator does not deliver an MAE Certificate with respect to any 
proposed New York Law Amendment, such proposed New York Law Amendment may proceed and, provided that
the Issuer has given not less than five (5) Business Days' written notice of the substance of the New York Law 
Amendment (in an amendment or supplement to, or reissuance of, this Base Prospectus for the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes) to each Holder or prospective purchaser of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, will 
become effective upon either: (a) the date upon which all the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that were 
outstanding on the date that the notice above was first given shall have been paid in full or, if any such Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes remain outstanding, the Administrator has provided the Collateral Agent with 
the prior written consent of each Holder of such outstanding Notes, as set forth in the Series Register maintained by 
the Collateral Administrator; or (b) if the nature of the New York Law Amendment is, in the reasonable opinion of 
the Administrator, such that it can become effective with respect to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
as they are issued (but not take effect as against the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that remain 
outstanding), the date designated by the Administrator in the notice above, but solely with effect for all Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes with an Issue Date falling on or after such date and not with respect to any 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that remain outstanding. 
In determining whether the applicable New York Law Amendment conditions have been met, the Collateral Agent 
shall be entitled to rely on a certificate of the Administrator and an opinion of counsel. A certification will become 
effective on the date prescribed therein or immediately on execution, if no date is prescribed. After a New York Law 
Amendment becomes effective, it shall bind each of the parties to the GCMTN Series Document in question, and 
each Secured Creditor related to the affected Class(es) of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, whether or not 
notation of that New York Law Amendment is made on any note, instrument, agreement or other document 
providing for the Secured Obligation of such Secured Creditor. 
The Collateral Agent will not be obligated to execute or consent to any New York Law Amendment of a GCMTN 
Series Document to which it is a party which adversely affects its rights, immunities and indemnities under such 
GCMTN Series Document. 
The Mortgage Repo Security Agreement 
With respect to Mortgage Repo Classes, the LLP entered into a security agreement described in Exhibit I to this 
Base Prospectus. See "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—The Loan Security Agreement".
The Credit Support Deed 
To allow the Issuer to avoid an Acceleration Event under any Class following a Repurchase Event of Default where 
a related Seller (other than the Issuer or BCSL) is the defaulting party, the Issuer may enter into one or more Credit 
Support Deeds (each, a "Credit Support Deed"), with the LLP. The Credit Support Deeds will be governed by 
English law. 
Each Credit Support Deed will generally state that, following the occurrence of any Repurchase Event of Default 
where the applicable Seller (other than the Issuer or BCSL) to which the Issuer Collateral Posting Election relates is 
the defaulting party under one or more Repurchase Agreements related to the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Note Series, the Issuer may (if no Acceleration Event has occurred and is continuing as of such time), no later than 
11:00 a.m. (London time) on the Business Day following the occurrence of such Repurchase Event of Default 
(such period, the "Election Period"), provide written notice to each Applicable Enforcing Party, the Collateral 
Administrator and each applicable Custodian that it exercises the Issuer Collateral Posting Election with respect to 
such Seller and such Repurchase Agreement. Following an Issuer Collateral Posting Election, the Issuer will 
perform its obligations under such Credit Support Deed as though no Repurchase Event of Default under the related 
Repurchase Agreement had occurred with respect to such Seller, and without regard to any actual early termination, 
early settlement or early close-out of any Repurchase Transaction that has occurred or that may occur as a result of 
such Repurchase Event of Default. 
Subject to the Issuer having made the Issuer Collateral Posting Election, no later than the close of business in 
London on the Business Day following the occurrence of a Repurchase Event of Default where any Seller 
(other than the Issuer) to which the Issuer Collateral Posting Election relates is the defaulting party under one or

--- Page 145 ---
139 
more Repurchase Agreements related to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series, as set forth in each 
applicable Repurchase Agreement and in each related Custodial Agreement, the Margin Amount for each 
Repurchase Transaction thereunder in effect on such date shall be returned by the applicable Custodian to such 
Seller against a Margin Transfer by the Issuer equal to any Margin Deficit (after giving effect to return of such 
Margin Amount to such Seller) in effect under all Repurchase Transactions under each applicable Repurchase 
Agreement with such Seller on such date. The "Margin Amount" means, with respect to any Repurchase 
Transaction under a Repurchase Agreement that is the subject of such Issuer Collateral Posting Election, the portion 
of the Margin Value of the Purchased Securities, Margin Securities and/or Cash Margin that is in excess of the 
Purchase Price for such Repurchase Transaction. 
On each Business Day after making the Issuer Collateral Posting Election, the Issuer will transfer cash or Eligible 
Securities with a Margin Value equal to any Margin Deficit that arises from time to time under all Repurchase 
Transactions entered into under the applicable Repurchase Agreement. To effectuate these transfer and postings, 
the Issuer, the LLP and The Bank of New York Mellon, as custodian, may enter into one or more ICPE Collateral 
Account Agreements (each, an "ICPE Collateral Account Agreement"). The Issuer will also be deemed to have 
rights to effect substitutions of posted securities equivalent to the rights of substitution available to the applicable 
Seller with respect to Margin Securities under the related Repurchase Transaction, subject to the terms and 
conditions of the applicable Repurchase Agreement with respect to such substitutions. 
Prior to the occurrence of an Acceleration Event, the LLP will transfer, or direct the applicable Custodian to transfer, 
to the Issuer all Income on the relevant posted securities, in the same amounts, subject to the same conditions, and at 
the same times the applicable Seller would be entitled to the same pursuant to each applicable Repurchase 
Transaction the subject of the Issuer Collateral Posting Election, as though such posted securities were Margin 
Securities delivered by such Seller pursuant to such Repurchase Transaction. In the event that the Issuer repays the 
Class related to any such Repurchase Transaction in full when such Class is Due for Payment, the Issuer will be 
entitled to exercise all rights and remedies available to such Seller under the applicable Repurchase Agreement with 
respect to such Repurchase Transaction as would be available to such Seller if such Seller had paid the related 
Repurchase Price in full on the related Repurchase Date and there were no Repurchase Events of Default under the 
related Repurchase Agreement. After the occurrence of an Acceleration Event, the Applicable Enforcing Party will 
transfer amounts representing Income on the posted securities to the Issuer, in the form and amounts to which the 
Issuer is entitled to the same pursuant to the Security Agreement including, without limitation, pursuant to the 
Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
ELIGIBLE SECURITIES 
The Final Terms for any Class will set forth (i) the applicable form of collateral eligibility statement issued by the 
Custodian ("Collateral Eligibility Statement") and (ii) the principal characteristics of the categories of securities 
that are permitted to be Purchased Securities with respect to such Class (such permitted securities for any Class, the 
"Eligible Securities"), including Margin Securities, under any applicable Repurchase Transaction related to each 
Class. The identifying information set forth in the Final Terms will be extracted from the applicable Collateral 
Eligibility Statement for the purpose of enabling investors to make an informed assessment of the Eligible 
Securities. The information regarding the Eligible Securities set forth in the Final Terms will include, as applicable, 
such items as the category of issuer(s) (such as type of issuer, geographic location, etc.); the type of security (such as 
bonds, equity, convertible bonds, structured securities etc.) and maturity or denomination restrictions; limitations 
related to security ratings; exclusions relating to any specific issuers or securities; requirements relating to the 
exchanges on which the securities (or their underlying securities) are listed, or the indices of which they are a 
component; concentration limits; requirements relating to the collateral posted by the applicable Seller; and any 
applicable Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol.  For each Repurchase Transaction, the completed collateral 
eligibility statement for such Repurchase Transaction will be consistent with the description of the Eligible 
Securities set forth in the related Final Terms for the related Class. 
The Eligible Securities for each Class will typically include sovereign debt obligations, corporate debt and equity 
securities and other fixed income securities.  The agreements setting forth the Eligible Securities for each Class will 
typically be governed by the law of the location of the applicable obligor or issuer, and may or may not be listed on 
any applicable stock exchange.  The Eligible Securities for any Class may be equity securities, and therefore have no

--- Page 146 ---
140 
specific maturity date, or have maturity dates that are materially shorter or longer than the related Class of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
Under the applicable Repurchase Agreement(s) for any Class, the related Seller will be required to maintain margin 
causing the aggregate market value, as adjusted for the haircuts included in the schedule of Eligible Securities for 
such Class, to at least equal the Purchase Price and accrued price differential under the related Repurchase 
Transaction.  As set forth in the section entitled "Summary of the Transaction Documents – Repurchase 
Agreements", the Repurchase Transaction(s) related to any Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will 
be structured to have economic terms (in the aggregate) consistent with the terms of the related Class of Notes, as set 
forth in the Final Terms.  Therefore, so long as the related Seller(s) maintain margin on the related Repurchase 
Transactions in accordance with the terms of the related Repurchase Agreement, the aggregate market value of the 
Eligible Securities securing any Class shall not be less than the Redemption Amount and accrued interest or accreted 
discount of the related Class. 
Prospective investors in any Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes should carefully review the related 
Final Terms for such Class and the description of Eligible Securities set forth therein. 
With respect to Mortgage Repo Classes, the eligible assets are described in Exhibit I to this Base Prospectus. See 
"Exhibit I—Eligible Assets for Mortgage Repo". 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTEHOLDER ALLOCATION REPORTS 
On each Business Day on which any Class is outstanding, the Collateral Administrator shall prepare, using 
information provided by each applicable Custodian, and deliver or make available to each of the Holders of such 
Class, no later than 10:00 a.m. London time, a Daily Noteholder Allocation Report containing information as of the 
close of business on the immediately preceding Business Day and substantially in the form of Exhibit A to the 
Collateral Administration Agreement. 
The Daily Noteholder Allocation Report will generally contain the following information with respect to the Class 
Collateral: 
(a) 
Type 
(b) 
Rating 
(c) 
Maturity Date, if applicable 
(d) 
Coupon Rate, if applicable 
(e) 
Currency 
(f) 
Notional Quantity 
(g) 
Factor 
(h) 
Price 
(i) 
Market Value 
(j) 
Accrued Interest 
(k) 
Market Value plus Accrued Interest 
(l) 
Margin

--- Page 147 ---
141 
EXHIBIT I  
to the Base Prospectus dated 1 October 2021, and as may be supplemented 
BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
(Incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales) 
$30,000,000,000 
GLOBAL COLLATERALISED MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
supported by a limited recourse undertaking by Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
This Exhibit I contains additional disclosure relating to Mortgage Repo Classes. This Exhibit I forms part of and 
should be read in conjunction with, the base prospectus dated 1 October 2021, as supplemented from time to time. 
Terms defined elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meanings when used in this Exhibit I unless 
otherwise defined herein.

--- Page 148 ---
142 
OVERVIEW 
MORTGAGE REPO CLASSES 
General Description: 
In connection with the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time 
issue Mortgage Repo Classes.  
The residential or commercial mortgage assets (as further described 
herein, the "Mortgage Assets") underlying each Mortgage Repo Class 
will be acquired by the Bank from mortgage originators or sellers 
pursuant to repurchase agreements, as described below. See "—Eligible 
Assets for Mortgage Repo" below for a description of the types of 
assets that could constitute Mortgage Assets. 
To facilitate appropriate provisions for the repurchase of, custody of 
and the exercise of remedies relating to such Mortgage Assets, (i) the 
existing Repurchase Agreement between the Bank, as Seller, and the 
LLP has been amended and restated to include an Annex to facilitate 
the repurchase of mortgage assets (such Repurchase Agreement, read 
together with the applicable Annex, the "Mortgage Asset Repurchase 
Agreement")), (ii) the Bank and the LLP entered into a custodial 
agreement with The Bank of New York Mellon, as custodian, 
governing the custody of Mortgage Assets, and the related 
documentation therefor (the "BNYM Mortgage Repo Custodial 
Agreement")), (iii) the LLP entered into a New York-law governed 
undertaking relating to each Mortgage Repo Class (the "LLP 
Undertaking (Mortgage Repo)")"), and (iv) the LLP and The Bank of 
New York Mellon entered into a New York-law governed security 
agreement (the "Mortgage Asset Security Agreement")") to secure 
the obligations of the LLP under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage 
Repo). The date of the first set of amendments to the Programme to 
facilitate Mortgage Repo Classes was 17 September 2018. Further 
amendments were made to the Programme to accommodate a broader 
set of Mortgage Assets, and the amendment and restatement of the 
Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement, the BNYM Mortgage Repo 
Custodial Agreement, the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo) and the 
Mortgage Asset Security Agreement, together with the execution and 
delivery of certain additional documents as described herein, were 
completed on 8 August 2019 (the "Mortgage Repo Amendment 
Closing Date")"). Further amendments were made to the Programme to 
facilitate the addition of U.S. Bank National Association as a Master 
Mortgage Custodian to facilitate a transition to a new custodial 
arrangement in connection with The Bank of New York's resignation as 
a Master Mortgage Custodian during the first quarter of 2021, and the 
amendments to the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement, the 
Mortgage Repo Custodial and the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement, 
together with the execution and delivery of certain additional 
documents as described herein, were completed on 11 January 2021. In 
connection with such further amendments, the Bank and the LLP 
entered into a custodial agreement with U.S. Bank National 
Association, as custodian, governing the custody of Mortgage Assets, 
and the related documentation therefor (the " U.S. Bank Mortgage 
Repo Custodial Agreement"). 
Mortgage Repo Classes Generally: 
The Mortgage Repo Classes are not mortgage securitisation 
transactions because the primary source of repayment is not collections

--- Page 149 ---
143 
on, or sales of, the Mortgage Assets. Rather, Mortgage Repo Classes 
represent unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, with the 
benefit of the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo) that is, in turn, 
secured by repurchase transactions involving Mortgage Assets. As 
such, the principal source of payment of the Mortgage Repo Classes 
will be the Bank in its capacity as Issuer, or in the case of the LLP 
Undertaking (Mortgage Repo) by the Bank in its capacity as Seller 
making Repurchase Price payments under the Mortgage Asset 
Repurchase Agreement. Prospective investors in Mortgage Repo 
Classes that are familiar with the markets and conventions for 
securitisation of residential and commercial mortgage assets should 
note that the disclosure and risk factors herein will not conform to the 
typical securitisation market conventions or requirements for mortgage 
assets because the Mortgage Repo Classes are not a securitisation of 
mortgage assets. Furthermore, investors familiar with the markets and 
conventions for securitisation of commercial mortgage assets should 
note that the disclosure and risk factors herein relating to commercial 
mortgage assets will not conform to the standard disclosures and 
descriptions of properties that might be expected were the Mortgage 
Repo Classes a securitisation of such commercial mortgage assets. 
Similarly, and for the same reason, there will not be reporting of the 
type that investors in securitisations of commercial mortgage assets 
typically receive. The CRE Financial Council standards for 
securitisations of commercial mortgage assets are not applicable to the 
Mortgage Repo Classes. 
The Underlying Transactions: 
In the course of its business, the Bank from time to time enters into 
repurchase transactions (each, an "Underlying Transaction") with 
mortgage originators or sellers (each, an "Underlying Seller") pursuant 
to which the Bank purchases residential and commercial mortgage 
assets. The Mortgage Assets are a subset of these acquisitions. The 
transactions pursuant to which the Mortgage Assets are purchased are 
documented on master repurchase agreements between the Bank, as 
"buyer" thereunder, and the applicable Underlying Seller, as "seller" 
thereunder (each, an "Underlying Seller Agreement"). The Mortgage 
Asset being purchased generally includes, without limitation, a senior 
interest in (i) the related mortgage note and all other related loan 
documents, (ii) all right, title and interest of the related seller in and to 
the mortgaged property securing such mortgage loan, and (iii) the 
related servicing rights. Servicing duties with respect to the whole loans 
underlying or forming the Mortgage Assets are not performed by the 
Bank or an affiliated servicer, but rather are performed by one or more 
unaffiliated servicers previously engaged to service such mortgage loan 
(such servicer, the "Servicer"). In connection with each Underlying 
Seller Agreement, the Bank enters into related transaction documents 
(the "Underlying Seller Documents"), including sub-custodial 
agreements (each a "Sub-Custodial Agreement") with various sub-
custodians (each a "Sub-Custodian") pursuant to which the applicable 
Sub-Custodian holds in safekeeping the related mortgage asset 
documents comprising the physical collateral. Each Sub-Custodian 
issues a trust receipt (a "Trust Receipt") evidencing the possession by 
such Sub-Custodian of the related mortgage asset documents 
comprising the physical collateral. The Trust Receipt is held by the 
Mortgage Custodian (as defined below) for the Bank. Each Underlying 
Seller Agreement and the related Underlying Seller Documents are 
negotiated between the Bank and the applicable Underlying Seller.

--- Page 150 ---
144 
Some, but not all, of the Mortgage Assets purchased by the Bank are 
expected to be Eligible Assets (as defined below) that may be included 
in Mortgage Repurchase Transactions (as defined below). The 
Underlying Seller Documents may be amended by the Underlying 
Seller and the Bank from time to time without the consent of, or notice 
to, the LLP or the Collateral Agent.  
Payments to the Bank with respect to repurchase transactions under the 
Underlying Seller Agreements are directed to an account of the Bank 
and maintained at The Bank of New York Mellon (the "Barclays Cash 
Account"). The Barclays Cash Account has not been pledged to any 
secured party, and funds received therein are commingled with 
proceeds relating to other mortgage loans and other mortgage assets 
financed or held by the Bank that do not form part of the Mortgage 
Repo Class Collateral. 
Eligible Assets: 
Certain categories of Mortgage Assets described below in "Exhibit I—
Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—Eligible Assets" may 
be included as collateral for Mortgage Repo Classes. The Final Terms 
relating to each Mortgage Repo Class will identify which of such 
categories of Mortgage Assets are Eligible Assets for a particular 
Mortgage Repo Class (with respect to such Class, the "Eligible 
Assets") under the associated Repurchase Transaction (a "Mortgage 
Repurchase Transaction"). The categories of Mortgage Assets listed 
in the Final Terms correspond with the Bank's policies and procedures 
for making such determinations when the Bank is entering into 
repurchase transactions as the purchaser of mortgage assets with 
counterparties, including the Underlying Sellers, which criteria are 
subject to change. The Final Terms for each Mortgage Repo Class will 
include a collateral eligibility statement for such Mortgage Repo Class 
that sets forth the margin percentage for each type of Eligible Asset, 
which will in turn be used by the Mortgage Custodian to determine the 
associated Mortgage Repo Margin Value, as described below. The 
Eligible Assets and margin percentages identified in the related Final 
Terms will be included in or attached to the related confirmation for 
each Mortgage Repurchase Transaction. See "Exhibit I—Mortgage 
Repo Class Transaction Documents—Mortgage Asset Repurchase 
Agreements" and "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction 
Documents—Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreements" below.  
Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement: The Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement facilitates the execution by 
the Seller and the LLP of Repurchase Transactions involving Mortgage 
Assets. The process for entering into such Repurchase Transactions 
will generally be the same as the process for entering into other 
Repurchase Transactions, as described in the Base Prospectus, with the 
main differences relating to the custodial functions, as described below. 
The Repurchase Events of Default under the Mortgage Asset 
Repurchase Agreement are the same as those applicable under the 
Repurchase Agreement, but the exercise of remedies by the LLP (or the 
Collateral Agent on its behalf) differ from those under the Repurchase 
Agreement and the Security Agreement (New York Law) or Security 
Agreement (English Law). See "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class 
Transaction Documents—Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreements" 
and "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—
Mortgage Asset Security Agreement" below. Under the Mortgage Asset 
Repurchase Agreement, the Eligible Assets that are the subject of

--- Page 151 ---
145 
Repurchase Transactions are defined as the "Purchased Assets"). 
References in the Base Prospectus to the Purchased Securities are 
generally analogous, and should be read as including reference to the 
Purchased Assets, subject to the descriptions in this Exhibit I. 
Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreement: 
In connection with the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement, (x) the 
Bank as Seller, the LLP, as Buyer, and The Bank of New York Mellon, 
as master mortgage custodian, have entered into a Custodial 
Undertaking and (y) the Bank as Seller, the LLP, as Buyer, and U.S. 
Bank National Association, as master mortgage custodian, have entered 
into a Custodial Undertaking. Each of which will constitute a Mortgage 
Repo Custodial Agreement. The LLP and the related Seller may enter 
into additional Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreements, or agree to any 
replacement or successor custodian appointed from time to time (The 
Bank of New York Mellon in its capacity as such master mortgage 
custodian, U.S. Bank in its capacity as such master mortgage custodian, 
and each together with any additional, replacement or successor 
custodians under a Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreement, a "Mortgage 
Custodian"). 
Each Sub-Custodian holding the related mortgage asset documents 
comprising the physical collateral underlying the Mortgage Assets will 
deliver a Trust Receipt to the Mortgage Custodian representing all of 
the related mortgage asset documents comprising the physical collateral 
held by such Sub-Custodian for the Bank. The Mortgage Custodian 
will hold such Trust Receipt and, as described below, will maintain 
books and records to reflect the particular Mortgage Assets represented 
by each Trust Receipt that relate to each Mortgage Repo Class. Upon 
receipt of notice of an Acceleration Event, the Mortgage Custodian 
may request of the applicable Sub-Custodian that such Trust Receipt be 
converted to separate Trust Receipts, one for each related Mortgage 
Repo Class.  
The procedures described in the Base Prospectus for calculating and 
curing a Margin Deficit or Margin Excess are applicable to Mortgage 
Repurchase Transactions in a manner generally similar to Repurchase 
Transactions involving Purchased Securities (although the amount of 
any accrued and unpaid Price Differential is not taken into account in 
determining whether any Margin Deficit or Margin Excess exists). The 
method for determining the Market Value of Purchased Assets, 
however, is different from the method for determining the Market 
Value of Purchased Securities, and is described below. See "Exhibit I—
Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—Mortgage Repo 
Custodial Agreements" below. 
LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo):
Each Mortgage Repo Class is supported by a limited recourse payment 
undertaking by the LLP. Pursuant to the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage 
Repo), the LLP has undertaken to make full and prompt payment, when 
a Class is Due for Payment, of all Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts 
with respect to each applicable Mortgage Repo Class of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes, which may be less than the amount 
that would have been due had such Class been paid on its scheduled 
maturity date in full. A Noteholder's recourse under the LLP 
Undertaking (Mortgage Repo) is limited to the collateral expressed in 
the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement as applicable to the Class held 
by such Noteholder, and all payments to such Noteholder are limited by

--- Page 152 ---
146 
and subject to the Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments summarised 
under "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—The 
Collateral Administration Agreement" and the Mortgage Repo Post-
Acceleration Priority of Payments summarised under "Exhibit I—
Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—The Mortgage Asset 
Security Agreement." 
The Mortgage Asset Security Agreement: To secure the LLP's obligations to the Mortgage Repo Secured 
Creditors (as defined below) under each Mortgage Repo Class arising 
under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo), the LLP and the 
Collateral Agent entered into a New York law governed security 
agreement, amended and restated as of the Mortgage Repo Amendment 
Closing Date. Pursuant to the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement, the 
LLP granted a security interest to the Collateral Agent in the applicable 
collateral for the benefit of the Mortgage Repo Secured Creditors of 
such Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes.  
In addition to the security interest granted by the LLP, under the 
Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement, the Bank as Seller will (i) 
deliver to the Collateral Agent on behalf of the LLP a fully-executed 
blanket assignment in respect of the related Purchased Assets, (ii) use 
its commercially reasonable efforts to deliver to each Underlying Seller 
and the applicable Sub-Custodian notice of the assignment of the 
Purchased Assets to the LLP and the pledge of such Purchased Assets 
to the Collateral Agent, and (iii) make copies of the Underlying Seller 
Documents and material amendments thereto available to the LLP 
periodically and upon request. Pursuant to the Mortgage Asset Security 
Agreement, the LLP is similarly obligated to make the Underlying 
Seller Documents and material amendments thereto available to the 
Collateral Agent periodically and upon request. 
The Barclays Cash Account has not been pledged to the Collateral 
Agent, and funds received from Underlying Sellers and applicable to 
Mortgage Repurchase Transactions may be commingled with other 
funds within the Barclays Cash Account. Funds credited to the Barclays 
Cash Account representing proceeds of Underlying Transactions and 
applicable to Mortgage Repurchase Transactions must be transferred to 
the Series Operating Account within one (1) business day of receipt 
unless reinvested in Additional Purchased Assets, whether by curing 
any resulting Mortgage Repo Margin Deficit, effecting a substitution or 
by entering into a new Repurchase Transaction. As described below, 
following the occurrence and continuation of a Repurchase Event of 
Default under the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement, the 
Collateral Agent or the LLP may provide Underlying Sellers with 
alternative instructions as to the payment of funds, separate from the 
Barclays Cash Account. See further the sections entitled "Exhibit I—
Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—Mortgage Asset 
Repurchase Agreements" and "Exhibit I—Additional Risk Factors 
Relating to Mortgage Assets—Limitations on the Collateral Agent's 
Perfected Interest in Mortgage Repo Class Collateral—Risks Related 
to Commingling and Non Perfection With Respect to Collections 
Received by the Seller" below. 
The Collateral Agent is authorised to pursue remedies under the 
Mortgage Asset Security Agreement on behalf of the applicable 
Mortgage Repo Secured Creditors, and Noteholders are not permitted

--- Page 153 ---
147 
to pursue remedies directly against the LLP or the Seller, or to liquidate 
the collateral secured by the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement. The 
Mortgage Asset Security Agreement also sets forth the priority of 
payments with respect to the related collateral after the occurrence of 
an Acceleration Event. For a more detailed description of the Mortgage 
Asset Security Agreement, the remedies available to the Collateral 
Agent, and the Mortgage Repo Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, 
see "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo Class Transaction Documents—The 
Mortgage Asset Security Agreement" below. Any Mortgage Repo 
Qualified Directing Investor will be entitled to certain additional 
remedies beyond those set forth above. See "Exhibit I—Mortgage Repo 
Class 
Transaction 
Documents—The 
Mortgage 
Asset 
Security 
Agreement—Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing Investors" below.

--- Page 154 ---
148 
MORTGAGE REPO CLASS TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
To the extent relating to Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, Mortgage Repo Classes are subject to certain additional 
definitive agreements summarised below. The following summaries describe certain provisions of such additional 
GCMTN Series Documents and do not purport to be complete and are subject to, and are qualified in their entirety 
by reference to, the detailed information appearing elsewhere herein and in such GCMTN Series Documents, copies 
of which may be obtained from the Administrator at the address set forth on the back cover of this Base Prospectus. 
When reference is made herein to particular provisions of, or terms used in, a particular GCMTN Series Document, 
such reference is to the actual document.
Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreements 
On the Mortgage Repo Amendment Closing Date, the LLP entered into an amended and restated Repurchase 
Agreement with the Bank governed by New York law and documented on a standard Bond Market Association 
September 1996 Master Repurchase Agreement with modification made on various annexes thereto designed to 
facilitate the use of such Repurchase Agreement for the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series. The LLP 
may enter into additional Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreements. From time to time the parties will enter into one 
or more Repurchase Transactions relating to Mortgage Assets. 
Purchase of Eligible Assets, Repurchase Date, Mortgage Repo Price Differential 
The Mortgage Repo Class Collateral for each Class comprise a variety of Eligible Assets, as set forth in the related 
Final Terms. From time to time the LLP and the Bank will enter into Repurchase Transactions in which the Bank 
agrees to transfer to the LLP Eligible Assets ("Purchased Assets") against the transfer by the LLP of the Purchase 
Price for the related Repurchase Transaction to an account of such Seller, with a simultaneous agreement by such 
Seller to purchase (and the LLP to deliver) such Eligible Assets on the Repurchase Date, against the payment by 
such Seller of an amount equal to the sum of the Repurchase Price. If a Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes related to any Repurchase Transaction is subject to an Acceleration Event, the Repurchase Date of such 
Repurchase Transaction will be the Acceleration Date with respect to such Acceleration Event, and if such Class is 
subject to a put, call, extension or other modification as to its maturity in accordance with the related Final Terms, 
the Repurchase Date of such Repurchase Transaction will be adjusted in line with the applicable put, call, extension 
or other modification of the maturity date for such Class). The "Mortgage Repo Price Differential" with respect to 
any Repurchase Transaction and any date of determination is equal to the aggregate amount obtained by the daily 
application of the Pricing Rate for such Repurchase Transaction to the Purchase Price for such Repurchase 
Transaction for the actual number of days during the period from the later of the (i) Purchase Date and (ii) with 
respect to any Repurchase Transaction for which the related Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
provides for the payment of interest on any Interest Payment Date prior to the Maturity Date of such Class, the date 
of the last Price Differential Payment Date, to such date of determination.  
The LLP may, in its sole and absolute discretion, enter into one or more Repurchase Transactions. A request to enter 
into a Repurchase Transaction may be made orally or in writing at the initiation of Buyer or Seller; provided, that 
Buyer (or the Administrator on its behalf) shall deliver any such Transaction request (a "Mortgage Repo 
Confirmation") on the proposed Purchase Date to the Seller (with a copy to the Administrator, the Mortgage 
Custodian and the Collateral Administrator). Upon receipt of a Confirmation delivered by Buyer (or the 
Administrator on its behalf), Seller may, in its sole and absolute discretion, enter into the Transaction by consenting 
to such Mortgage Repo Confirmation; provided, that any Mortgage Repo Confirmation sent with respect to a 
Transaction will be binding on the Seller unless the Seller specifically objects, in writing, within two hours of its 
receipt thereof. 
Seller shall deliver the Purchased Assets by causing the applicable Sub-Custodian to deliver, in accordance with the 
related Sub-Custodial Agreement, a Trust Receipt to the Mortgage Custodian, together with such other documents as 
may be required by the Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreement. The Mortgage Custodian has agreed pursuant to the 
Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreement to change its records to reflect that LLP is the owner of the Purchased Assets. 
Transfers of Purchased Assets by the LLP back to Seller will be accomplished as set forth in "—Release of

--- Page 155 ---
149 
Purchased Assets pursuant to Underlying Transactions" below. Any transfer of Purchased Assets to Seller will be 
made without recourse to the LLP and without any representations and warranties, except as set forth in the 
Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement. All Purchased Assets will be evidenced by a Trust Receipt in the 
possession of the Mortgage Custodian, and all Purchased Assets shall be held by the Mortgage Custodian for the 
account of the LLP pursuant to the Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreement. All mortgage asset files relating to 
Purchased Assets underlying such Trust Receipts shall be in the possession of the Sub-Custodian that issued such 
Trust Receipt and Seller shall have delivered to Buyer a fully-executed blanket assignment in respect of such 
Purchased Assets. 
On the Purchase Date for any Repurchase Transaction, the LLP (or the Mortgage Custodian on its behalf) will pay 
the Seller in immediately available funds, from amounts available in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Priority 
of Payments for the related Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, an amount equal to the Purchase 
Price for such Repurchase Transaction. On the Repurchase Date for any Repurchase Transaction, the Seller (or the 
Mortgage Custodian on its behalf) will pay the LLP in immediately available funds, the Repurchase Price by 
4:30 p.m. (New York time) on such Repurchase Date to the Series Operating Account for the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note Series. With respect to any Repurchase Transaction for which the related Class of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes provides for the payment of interest on any Interest Payment Date prior to the 
Maturity Date of such Class, the Seller (or the Mortgage Custodian on its behalf) will pay to the Series Operating 
Account an amount equal to the accrued and unpaid Mortgage Repo Price Differential for such Repurchase 
Transaction not later than 4:30 p.m. (New York time) on each applicable Mortgage Repo Price Differential Payment 
Date; provided that if such Repurchase Transaction has a Pricing Rate that includes both an interest and a discount 
component, the Mortgage Repo Price Differential on the related Price Differential Payment Date will include the 
related accreted discount. If the LLP pays the Seller the Purchase Price for any Repurchase Transaction related to a 
Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes from amounts advanced to the LLP by the Issue and Paying 
Agent, and the issuance and purchase of such Class is not consummated pursuant to the Agency Agreement on the 
Purchase Date or the immediately following Business Day, the Repurchase Date for such Repurchase Transaction 
will be accelerated to the second Business Day following the related Purchase Date. 
Release of Purchased Assets pursuant to Underlying Transactions 
Pursuant to the Underlying Seller Documents, Underlying Sellers may from time to time repurchase Purchased 
Assets from the Seller. In connection with any such repurchase, Underlying Sellers will be directed to deposit 
proceeds arising from any such repurchase in the Barclays Cash Account unless, following the occurrence and 
continuation of a Repurchase Event of Default, the Collateral Agent or LLP provides alternative instructions. 
Although the Underlying Sellers will not enter into any agreements with the LLP or the Collateral Agent with 
respect to alternative deposit instructions or otherwise, the Seller will make commercially reasonable efforts to 
deliver to each Underlying Seller and each Sub-Custodian notice of the assignment of the Purchased Assets to the 
LLP and the pledge of such Purchased Assets to the Collateral Agent.  
Under the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement, Seller covenants to LLP that, in connection with any proposed 
release of a Mortgage Asset or related rights from the lien granted to Seller pursuant to the Underlying Seller 
Documents: (a) on such day, the Seller will provide the LLP, the Mortgage Custodian and the applicable Sub-
Custodian with a file describing the Eligible Assets to the Mortgage Custodian (each, a "Seller File") (indicating 
that such Asset is released from the lien granted to Seller pursuant to the Underlying Seller Documents), (b) upon 
such release of a Purchased Asset, Seller will cause, in each case within one (1) business day of such release, (i) the 
Mortgage Repo Margin Value of such Purchased Asset to be marked to zero and (ii) such Purchased Asset to be 
removed from the related Seller File and (c) upon receipt of any funds in connection with any release of Mortgage 
Assets to the Underlying Seller, (i) at all times, Seller shall hold such funds in trust for the benefit of the LLP; 
provided, that, at any time prior to a Repurchase Event of Default, such proceeds may be reinvested in Additional 
Purchased Assets (whether by curing any resulting Mortgage Repo Margin Deficit, effecting a substitution or by 
entering into a new Repurchase Transaction and (ii) following a Repurchase Event of Default or at any time a 
Mortgage Repo Margin Deficit exists and has not been cured in accordance with the Mortgage Custodial 
Undertaking, promptly (but in any event within one (1) Business Day after receipt) remit such funds to the Series 
Operating Account or such other account as the LLP (or Collateral Agent on its behalf) shall designate from time to 
time. Seller will at all times, maintain such books and records necessary to identify such funds and to segregate such 
funds from property of Seller and its affiliates or funds subject to a security interest in favour of any other Person.

--- Page 156 ---
150 
Any release of a Purchased Asset from the lien granted to Seller pursuant to the Underlying Seller Documents shall 
be deemed to release all of the LLP's interest in such Purchased Asset; provided that (i) any such release by the LLP 
will (x) occur contemporaneously with the release by the Seller under the related Underlying Seller Documents and 
(y) be subject to the satisfaction of the applicable conditions for such release under the related Underlying Seller 
Documents and (ii) the LLP shall retain its interest in any proceeds arising from the release of such Purchased Asset, 
provided, further, that, at any time prior to a Repurchase Event of Default, such proceeds may be reinvested in 
Additional Purchased Assets (whether by curing any resulting Mortgage Repo Margin Deficit, effecting a 
substitution or by entering into a new Repurchase Transaction).  
Mortgage Repo Margin Deficit and Mortgage Repo Margin Excess 
The Mortgage Custodian will determine whether the aggregate Mortgage Repo Market Value of Purchased Assets in 
the Buyer's account is less than the Mortgage Repo Margin Value of such Repurchase Transaction as of such date 
(such amount, a "Mortgage Repo Margin Deficit") or whether the aggregate Mortgage Repo Market Value of 
Purchased Assets in the Buyer's account exceeds the Mortgage Repo Margin Value of such Repurchase Transaction 
as of such date (such amount, a "Mortgage Repo Margin Excess"). The "Mortgage Repo Market Value" of 
Purchased Assets is the valuation obtained by the Mortgage Custodian under the Mortgage Repo Custodial 
Agreement. See further "—Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreements" below. The "Mortgage Repo Margin Value" is 
obtained, as of any date of determination, by multiplying the Purchase Price to be paid in connection with such 
Repurchase Transaction and the applicable margin percentage for such Purchased Asset. The margin percentage for 
each type of Eligible Asset will be listed in the related Schedule of Eligible Assets. The Seller is obligated to cure 
any Mortgage Repo Margin Deficit that exists related to any Repurchase Transaction by transferring (or causing the 
transfer of) cash or additional Eligible Assets to the related Mortgage Repo Collateral Account no later than (x) if 
notice of such Mortgage Repo Margin Deficit is given before noon (New York time), 4:00 p.m. (New York time) on 
such date and (y) if notice of such Mortgage Repo Margin Deficit is given after noon (New York time), 10:00 a.m. 
(New York time) on the next business day, which assets will automatically be subject to the security interest granted 
by the LLP to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the applicable Mortgage Repo Secured Creditors. The LLP and 
the Seller have agreed that no transfers will be required to occur to eliminate any Mortgage Repo Margin Deficit or 
Mortgage Repo Margin Excess, as applicable, unless the amount to be transferred is greater than $250,000.
Representations and Warranties of the Sellers 
Pursuant to the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement, the Seller and the LLP have made certain representations 
and warranties. On the Purchase Date for any Repurchase Transaction or as of each such delivery, as the case may 
be, the Seller will be deemed to repeat all the foregoing representations made by it. Such representations and 
warranties include, among other things, that (a) it is duly authorised to execute and deliver the Mortgage Asset 
Repurchase Agreement, to enter into Repurchase Transactions contemplated thereunder and to perform its 
obligations thereunder, and has taken all necessary action to authorise such execution, delivery and performance; (b) 
it will engage in such Repurchase Transactions as principal (or, if agreed in writing in advance of any Repurchase 
Transaction by the LLP, as agent for a disclosed principal); (c) the person signing the Mortgage Asset Repurchase 
Agreement on its behalf is duly authorised to do so on its behalf (or on behalf of any such disclosed principal); (d) it 
has obtained all authorisations of any governmental body required in connection with the Mortgage Asset 
Repurchase Agreement and the Repurchase Transactions thereunder and such authorisations are in full force and 
effect; (e) the execution, delivery and performance of the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement and the 
Repurchase Transactions thereunder will not violate any law, ordinance, charter, by-law or rule applicable to it or 
any agreement by which it is bound or by which any of its assets are affected.  
Seller further represents and warrants, with respect to each Purchased Asset, that: (a) it has all rights, interest and 
title to the Purchased Assets and such Purchased Assets are free and clear of any lien, claim, security interest or 
other encumbrance, other than any liens in favour of the LLP and the right of the Underlying Seller to repurchase all 
Purchased Assets, (b) information set forth in the Mortgage Repo Confirmation relating to the sale of such Asset is 
true and correct in all material respects, (c) the LLP's purchase of such Asset shall not constitute a violation of any 
restriction on transfer applicable to such Asset pursuant to its terms, (d) such Asset is an Eligible Asset for the 
related Repurchase Transaction and (e) the Underlying Seller Documents are in full force and effect.

--- Page 157 ---
151 
The Seller will not make any loan-level representations or warranties and Underlying Sellers will not enter into any 
assignment and assumption agreements with the LLP or Collateral Agent. However, Seller will take such steps with 
respect to violations or alleged violations of any representations and warranties of the Underlying Seller made with 
respect to the related Purchased Assets, and any other breaches or alleged breaches by the Underlying Seller, the 
Servicer or the applicable Sub-Custodian of the related Underlying Seller Documents, in each case in a manner 
consistent with its usual and customary procedures therefor and generally as though such Purchased Assets and the 
benefit of the related Underlying Seller Documents were not subject to the lien granted to the Buyer thereunder. The 
Seller will periodically furnish the Underlying Seller Documents to the LLP or its designee.  
Repurchase Events of Default 
If a Repurchase Event of Default (as described in "Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes Overview—
Repurchase Transactions—Repurchase Events of Default" above) occurs, all of the Repurchase Transactions will, at 
the non-defaulting party's option (which option will be deemed to have been exercised immediately upon the 
occurrence of an Insolvency Event), be accelerated. The non-defaulting party may then either: (a) where the non-
defaulting party is the LLP, (i) require that the Seller immediately repurchase the Purchased Assets at the previously 
determined Repurchase Price; (ii) subject to the rights of the Underlying Seller(s), sell the Purchased Assets to one 
or more third parties in a recognised market (or otherwise in a commercially reasonable manner), and apply the 
proceeds to the aggregate unpaid Repurchase Price and any other amounts owing by the Seller; and (iii) give the 
Seller credit for such Purchased Assets in an amount equal to the price therefor on such date, obtained from a 
generally recognised source or the most recent closing bid quotation from such a source, against the unpaid 
Repurchase Price of the related Repurchase Transaction and any other amounts owing by the Seller under the 
Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement with respect to such Repurchase Transaction; and (b) where the defaulting 
party is the LLP, (i) immediately purchase, in a recognised market (or otherwise in a commercially reasonable 
manner) at such price or prices as the non-defaulting party may reasonably deem satisfactory, assets ("Replacement 
Assets") of substantially similar characteristics and amount as any Purchased Assets that are not delivered by the 
defaulting party to the non-defaulting party as required under the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement or (ii) in 
its sole discretion elect, in lieu of purchasing Replacement Assets, to be deemed to have purchased Replacement 
Assets at the price therefor on such date, obtained from a generally recognised source or the most recent closing 
offer quotation from such a source, and in each case such price will reduce the Repurchase Price of the related 
Repurchase Transaction and any other amounts owing by the defaulting party under the Mortgage Asset Repurchase 
Agreement with respect to such Repurchase Transaction and, if applicable, be liable to the non-defaulting party for 
any excess of the price paid (or deemed paid) by the non-defaulting party for Replacement Assets over the 
Repurchase Price for the Purchased Assets replaced thereby and for any amounts payable by the defaulting party 
under the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement; provided, however, that the LLP will make such payments solely 
to the extent it has funds available with respect to such Class in accordance with the Mortgage Repo Post-
Acceleration Priority of Payments. If the proceeds received by the LLP and the amounts retained in relation to (a) 
above exceed the aggregate Repurchase Price and other amounts due and payable by the Seller to the LLP, the LLP 
will pay such excess to the Seller in accordance with the Mortgage Repo Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments. 
As the rights of the LLP have been pledged to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Mortgage Repo Secured 
Creditors pursuant to the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement, the Collateral Agent will, in accordance with the 
terms of the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement, exercise the rights of the LLP as non-defaulting party under the 
Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement. In addition, as the parties have structured each Repurchase Transaction 
under the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement to be separate and distinct obligations between the Seller and the 
LLP and as the LLP has pledged its rights in the Purchased Assets to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the 
related Mortgage Repo Secured Creditors, if the non-defaulting party exercises or is deemed to have exercised the 
option to declare a Repurchase Event of Default, the resulting rights and obligations of the Seller and the LLP will 
be determined separately for each outstanding Repurchase Transaction and such obligations may only be netted 
against each other to the extent that more than one Repurchase Transaction relates to a single Class of Notes. 
The defaulting party will be liable to the non-defaulting party for (i) the amount of all reasonable legal or other 
expenses incurred by the non-defaulting party in connection with or as a result of a Repurchase Event of Default, (ii) 
damages in an amount equal to the cost (including all fees, expenses and commissions) of entering into replacement 
transactions and entering into or terminating hedge transactions in connection with or as a result of a Repurchase 
Event of Default, (iii) any other loss, damage, cost or expense directly arising or resulting from the occurrence of a

--- Page 158 ---
152 
Repurchase Event of Default in respect of a Repurchase Transaction, and (iv) interest on any amounts owing by the 
defaulting party under the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement. 
The failure of the Seller to make any payment or delivery respect of any Repurchase Transaction will not be a 
Repurchase Event of Default if such failure arises solely by reason of an error or omission of an administrative or 
operational nature made by the Seller or the Mortgage Custodian, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions. 
Other provisions 
Each Underlying Seller (or the related Servicer on its behalf) shall be entitled to receive all Income paid or 
distributed on or in respect of the Purchased Assets related to the Underlying Transaction to which such Underlying 
Seller is a party, unless and until Seller exercises or is deemed to exercise its remedies with respect to such Income 
pursuant to the related Underlying Seller Agreement. Seller shall immediately notify the LLP and the Mortgage 
Custodian upon the exercise or deemed exercise of any such remedies. If (i) Seller exercises or is deemed to exercise 
its remedies with respect to Income pursuant to any Underlying Seller Agreement and (ii) a Repurchase Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing thereunder, Seller shall remit all Income that it is entitled to and receives 
under the applicable Underlying Seller Agreement to the applicable Mortgage Repo Collateral Account promptly, 
but in any event, not later than the second (2nd) Business Day following its receipt thereof. 
Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreements 
The Bank of New York Mellon, as Master Mortgage Custodian, executed a Custodial Undertaking, amended and 
restated on or about the Mortgage Repo Amendment Closing Date, with the Bank as a seller and the LLP as buyer 
(the "BNYM Mortgage Repo Custodial Undertaking") and U.S. Bank National Association, as Master Mortgage 
Custodian, executed a Custodial Undertaking, amended and restated on or about 11 January 2021, with the Bank as 
a seller and the LLP as buyer (the "U.S. Bank Mortgage Repo Custodial Undertaking") and together with the 
BNYM Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreement and each any other custodial agreement, if any, entered into from time 
to time, a "Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreement"). Additional Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreements may be 
executed in the future in connection with the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series, or another Series. 
The BNYM Mortgage Repo Custodial Undertaking is governed by the laws of New York and is generally in the 
standard form utilised by The Bank of New York Mellon in respect of its mortgage financing business. The U.S. 
Bank Mortgage Repo Custodial Undertaking is governed by the laws of New York and is generally in the standard 
form utilised by U.S. Bank National Association in respect of its mortgage financing business. 
On or before the date on which the initial Repurchase Transaction occurs with each Sub-Custodian, the Seller will 
cause the respective Sub-Custodian to execute and deliver a Trust Receipt to the Mortgage Custodian acting on 
behalf of the LLP. The Master Mortgage Custodian will hold only one Trust Receipt from each Sub-Custodian 
relating to all Mortgage Assets held by such Sub-Custodian for the benefit of the Master Mortgage Custodian under 
the Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreement. The Master Mortgage Custodian will mark its books to reflect that portion 
of the Assets relating to each Trust Receipt that have been transferred to the Buyer's account under the Mortgage 
Repo Custodial Agreement from time to time. The Master Mortgage Custodian will be under no obligation at any 
time to update, revise or amend any Trust Receipt received by it except to the extent it receives modifications from 
the related Sub-Custodian to such Trust Receipt. The data file prepared by the Master Mortgage Custodian (the 
"Mortgage Repo Investor Allocation Report") will be amended and restated each Business Day after the Purchase 
Date to take into account any substitutions of Purchased Assets. Upon receipt of a notice of default from either LLP 
or Seller, the Master Mortgage Custodian shall, at the request of such party, (i) convert the most recently delivered 
Mortgage Repo Investor Allocation Report to a paper copy and (ii) request the related Sub-Custodian to execute and 
deliver a new Trust Receipt to the registered holder with respect to each Class of Notes, reflecting only the 
Mortgage Assets that have been allocated to the applicable Class of Notes.  
The Master Mortgage Custodian will provide the Seller with a daily data file (the "Spreads File"), which will be 
amended and restated each Business Day after the Purchase Date to reflect all Mortgage Assets evidenced by each 
Trust Receipt and the identity of the person for whom the Master Mortgage Custodian is holding such asset (whether 
the LLP, the Bank or another person). The Master Mortgage Custodian will examine the Trust Receipt to ensure that 
it is in proper form and it conforms to all of Seller's instructions. The Master Mortgage Custodian shall notify Seller

--- Page 159 ---
153 
of any defect in the Trust Receipt. On or before the Purchase Date on which the initial Repurchase Transaction 
occurs, the Seller shall provide notice to the applicable Sub-Custodian of assignment of the Trust Receipts to Master 
Custodian for the benefit of the LLP. 
The Mortgage Custodian's responsibilities generally include, among other things: (a) maintaining a Seller's Account 
and following only such Seller's instructions with respect such Seller's account; (b) maintaining an account for cash 
and interests in Mortgage Assets for the benefit of the LLP in one or more Mortgage Repo Collateral Accounts, and 
following the LLP's instructions (or the instructions of the Administrator, Collateral Administrator or Collateral 
Agent on behalf of the LLP) with respect to the Buyer's account; (c) twice on each Business Day, with respect to 
each applicable Repurchase Transaction, determining the then Mortgage Repo Margin Value of all Purchased Assets 
held in the Buyer's account in respect such Repurchase Transaction; (d) upon receipt of the Seller's instructions with 
respect to specific Repurchase Transactions, transferring or directing transfer of amounts and Purchased Assets 
between the Buyer's account and such Seller's account; and (e) crediting to the Seller's account all Income received 
by the Mortgage Custodian, except in the event the Mortgage Custodian receives a notice of a Repurchase Event of 
Default, in which event such amounts will be credited to the Buyer's account.  
The Mortgage Custodian will also process requests for substitutions, and deliver notices regarding Mortgage Repo 
Margin Deficits and Mortgage Repo Margin Excesses, if any, following their valuations of the Purchased Assets 
held by them under their Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreement. The Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreements do not 
specify the exact methodology or pricing services to be used by the Mortgage Custodian in valuing securities, and 
accordingly the Mortgage Custodian is expected to use, in respect of the Programme, the same methodologies and 
processes as are used by them in their mortgage loan custodial business generally. Under the Mortgage Repo 
Custodial Undertaking, "Mortgage Repo Market Value" means with respect to (1) cash, the face amount thereof; 
(2) Mortgage Assets eligible to be included in mortgage-backed securities issued or guaranteed by a government-
sponsored entity ("Agency MBS"), the lesser of the outstanding balance or the face amount of the mortgage note 
relating to such Mortgage Loan multiplied by the price, as quoted by a recognised pricing service not earlier than the 
close of business on the immediately preceding business day, of an Agency MBS backed by residential mortgage 
assets with (i) a coupon that most closely approximates, but does not exceed, the coupon on the Mortgage Loan to 
be priced, and (ii) a maturity date within three months of the weighted average maturity of such Mortgage Loan; and 
(3) all other Purchased Assets, the price provided by the Seller to the Mortgage Custodian. With respect to any 
Purchased Asset the Mortgage Repo Market Value for which is determined pursuant to clause (3) above, Seller will 
provide to the Mortgage Custodian by 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on each Business Day, a valuation, in United 
States dollars, for each such Purchased Asset. Each such valuation will be made by Seller using the same valuation 
methodology that it uses when it is the purchaser under repurchase agreement facilities for comparable assets from 
third parties, including any such Purchased Assets and each valuation will be made as of the end of business on the 
previous Business Day. If the LLP or Seller disputes the Mortgage Repo Market Value of any Purchased Asset 
determined by the Mortgage Custodian, the LLP or Seller will have the right to contest such Mortgage Repo Market 
Value, and the parties shall negotiate in good faith to resolve the dispute. If such dispute is not resolved or if the 
LLP disputes a Mortgage Repo Market Value determined by Seller, then the LLP may engage a nationally 
recognised third party valuation provider unaffiliated with Seller or the LLP to determine the Mortgage Repo 
Market Value of the applicable Purchased Assets, which determination shall be considered final and binding. 
In connection with any release of Mortgage Assets to any Underlying Seller pursuant to any Repurchase 
Transaction, any transfer of replacement Eligible Assets or cash from the Seller's account to the Buyer's account 
may not occur simultaneously with such release but will instead occur upon notice from the Master Custodian of any 
resulting Mortgage Repo Margin Deficit by (x) if such notice is delivered at or before noon (New York time), no 
later than 4:00 p.m. (New York time) or (y) if any such notice is given after noon (New York time), no later than 
10:00 a.m. (New York time) on the next Business Day.  
The LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo) 
The LLP entered into a New York law undertaking on or about 17 September 2018 in respect of the Collateral 
relating to the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement (the "LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo)") in favour of the 
Collateral Agent.

--- Page 160 ---
154 
The obligations of the LLP under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo) for the applicable Class of Notes are 
limited recourse obligations that are limited to the Collateral expressed in the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement to 
such Class and the proceeds thereof, and any payments with respect to such Class under the LLP Undertaking 
(Mortgage Repo) are limited by and subject to the priorities of payments related to such Class of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. Therefore, in the event the amount realised upon any liquidation or distribution 
of Collateral applicable to any Class following an Acceleration Event is less than the Mortgage Repo Payment 
Amount with respect thereto, no holder of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes of such Class will have 
any recourse to any other Collateral, including without limitation, any Mortgage Repo Class Collateral of any other 
Class, or any excess proceeds derived from the liquidation or distribution of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral 
applicable to any other Class, nor will it have recourse to any of the LLP's other assets or its contributed capital. 
Subject to the limited recourse nature of the LLP's obligations in respect of the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo) 
discussed in the immediately preceding paragraph, the LLP, as primary obligor and not merely as surety, has 
promised to make full and prompt payment, when a Class is Due for Payment and at all times thereafter, of the 
Issuer's obligations with respect to each such Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series to pay all 
Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts with respect to each such Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note 
Series, as the same may be amended, modified, extended or renewed from time to time. Delivery or receipt of notice 
of the occurrence of an Acceleration Event (a "Mortgage Repo Acceleration Notice") will not be a condition to the 
foregoing obligations of the LLP, nor will non-receipt of a Mortgage Repo Acceleration Notice or defects therein 
constitute an excuse to avoid or delay such payment. With respect to Mortgage Repo Classes, "Mortgage Repo
Payment Amount" means (without giving effect to any cancellation, modification or change in the liability or form 
of liability of the Issuer, resulting from the making of a special bail-in provision (as such term is defined in section 
48B of the Banking Act), with respect to any Global Collateralised Medium Term Note (x) issued on a discount 
basis, the face amount thereof, provided that if such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note is accelerated on a 
date prior to its maturity date, the Mortgage Repo Payment Amount for such Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Note will be the sum of the amount paid by the related original Holder to the Issuer for such Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note, plus an amount equal to the portion of the discount accreted through the Acceleration Date (or, 
solely with respect to any Class the Final Terms for which provide for the accrual of discount after the Acceleration 
Date, the date on which all amounts owing with respect thereto are reduced to zero), and (y) issued on an 
interest-bearing basis, the outstanding principal amount thereof plus the accrued but unpaid interest; provided that if 
such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note is accelerated on a date prior to its maturity date, the Mortgage Repo 
Payment Amount for such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note will be the outstanding principal amount 
thereof plus the accrued but unpaid interest thereon only through the Acceleration Date (or, solely with respect to 
any Class the Final Terms for which provide for the accrual of interest after the Acceleration Date, the date on which 
all amounts owing with respect thereto are reduced to zero); provided further the foregoing clauses (x) or (y) will 
not include any amount representing an additional amount owed, owing or to be paid to any holder of any Class by 
either Issuer on account of or in respect of any deduction or withholding for tax.Should any payment in respect of 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, whether by the LLP under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo) or 
by the Issuer, be made subject to any deduction or withholding on account of any Taxes, the LLP will not be obliged 
to pay any additional amounts in respect of any sum deducted or withheld. 
The Mortgage Asset Security Agreement 
Pursuant to the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement, the LLP, as grantor, grants to the Collateral Agent: 
(a) 
for the benefit of the Mortgage Repo Secured Creditors, a lien on and security interest in all the 
LLP's right, title and interest in, to and under the following personal property owned by the LLP, whether now 
owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising (all of which being hereinafter collectively referred to as the 
"Mortgage Repo Class Collateral" with respect to such Class): (i) each Mortgage Repo Collateral Account related 
to such Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and the Mortgage Repo Escrow Account, including 
all Purchased Assets, securities, cash or other property from time to time credited thereto or carried therein (the 
"Loan Collateral" for such Class); (ii) the funds from time to time credited to or carried in the Series Operating 
Account that are related to such Class and relate to Loan Collateral, including funds debited therefrom and provided 
to the Seller or its custodian or agent on behalf of the Seller in anticipation of settlement of one or more Repurchase 
Transactions; (iii) any funds received with respect to any Loan Collateral from time to time credited to the Barclays 
Cash Account; (iv) any funds provided to the Seller or its custodian or agent on behalf of the Seller in anticipation of

--- Page 161 ---
155 
settlement of one or more Repurchase Transactions; and (v) all supporting obligations and all proceeds of the 
foregoing. 
(b) 
for the benefit of each of the Holders of each Class a lien on and security interest in all the LLP's 
right, title and interest in, to and under the following personal property owned by the LLP, whether now owned or 
existing or hereafter acquired or arising (all of which being hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Mortgage 
Repo Intangible Collateral" with respect to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes): (i) the rights of the 
LLP that are related to such Class in respect of Mortgage Repo Class Collateral and Loan Collateral, under the 
Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to the extent related to the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes; and (ii) all supporting obligations and all proceeds of the foregoing that 
are related to such Class. 
(c) 
for the benefit of each of the Holders of each Class (the "Mortgage Repo Secured Creditors") in 
respect of whom funds are being carried in or credited to the Series Operating Account, but which funds are not 
identifiable as relating to any particular such Class related to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, a lien 
on and security interest in all the LLP's right, title and interest in, to and under the funds from time to time credited 
to or carried in the Series Operating Account or the Note Payment Account that are not identifiable as being related 
to any particular Class, or any Mortgage Repo Collateral Accounts or the Mortgage Repo Escrow Account that for 
any reason are not identifiable as being related to any particular Class, together with all supporting obligations and 
all proceeds of the foregoing, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising and wherever located 
(all of which being hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Mortgage Repo Unallocated Collateral". 
The security interests in the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral created pursuant to the Mortgage Asset Security 
Agreement secure, and the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral is collateral security for, the prompt and complete 
payment or performance in full when due of all Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts owing by the LLP to the 
Mortgage Repo Secured Creditors, arising under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo) (the "Mortgage Repo
Secured Obligations"). The security interests in the Mortgage Repo Intangible Collateral created pursuant to the 
Mortgage Asset Security Agreement secure, and the Mortgage Repo Intangible Collateral is additional collateral 
security for, all Mortgage Repo Secured Obligations owing by the LLP to the Mortgage Repo Secured Creditors. 
By its purchase of a Note, each Noteholder will be deemed to have agreed and acknowledged that: (a) the Mortgage 
Repo Class Collateral will be allocated and credited to each Mortgage Repo Collateral Account related to the related 
Class pursuant to the related Repurchase Transactions, the related Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreements and the 
Collateral Administration Agreement, and may be moved from each Mortgage Repo Collateral Account related to 
such Class to the Mortgage Repo Escrow Account related to such Class following an Acceleration Event; (b) such 
allocation of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral will constitute the preferential right of the Noteholders of the 
related Class in such Mortgage Repo Class Collateral to be paid with or from the proceeds of such Mortgage Repo 
Class Collateral pursuant to the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement, and in accordance with the applicable Priority 
of Payments for such Class; (c) the establishment of a Mortgage Repo Collateral Account for each Class and the 
Mortgage Repo Escrow Account and the allocation of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral thereto pursuant to the 
related Repurchase Transactions, the related Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreements and the Collateral 
Administration Agreement, will not impair the validity or perfection of the security interest granted to the Collateral 
Agent by the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement; (d) the rights to repayment or satisfaction of amounts due to the 
Noteholders of such Class with respect to the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo), will be satisfied solely from the 
Mortgage Repo Class Collateral for such Class and not from the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral allocated to any 
other Classes; and (e) although the benefit of the Mortgage Repo Unallocated Collateral is to be shared by the 
Mortgage Repo Secured Creditors without distinction as to Class, all property realised as proceeds of the granted 
security interests in the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral and Mortgage Repo Intangible Collateral will be allocated 
by the Collateral Agent as Mortgage Repo Class Collateral segregated for the benefit of the Mortgage Repo Secured 
Creditors of each applicable Class, and not as a general pool for all Mortgage Repo Secured Creditors. 
The Collateral Agent will maintain records and allocate funds in the Series Operating Account to each applicable 
Mortgage Repo Collateral Account and/or Mortgage Repo Escrow Account. If the Collateral Agent does not 
maintain a method of tracing, including application of equitable principles, that is permitted under law other than 
Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code for the State of New York, with respect to commingled property of the 
type credited to or carried in the Series Operating Account or any funds provided to the Seller or Mortgage

--- Page 162 ---
156 
Custodian on behalf of the Seller in anticipation of settlement of one or more Repurchase Transactions, then in 
connection with the exercise of remedies pursuant to the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement, the Affected 
Mortgage Repo Secured Creditors will be deemed to have directed the Collateral Agent to allocate all funds then on 
deposit in the Series Operating Account (or any funds provided to the Seller or Mortgage Custodian on behalf of the 
Seller in anticipation of settlement of one or more Repurchase Transactions) to the Mortgage Repo Escrow Account 
for each related Class, pro rata according to the respective amounts owed to such Classes pursuant to the LLP 
Undertaking (Mortgage Repo), and thereafter treat such funds as Mortgage Repo Class Collateral segregated for the 
benefit of the Mortgage Repo Secured Creditors of each applicable Class. 
Establishment of Accounts 
Within two (2) Business Days of its receipt of notice from the Administrator that the Issuer is proposing to issue a 
new Class pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the LLP will establish with the Mortgage Custodian (with 
respect to the Master Mortgage Custodian, pursuant to the Mortgage Custodial Undertaking), and thereafter 
maintain, accounts (which shall be deemed to consist of a "securities account" (within the meaning of Section 8-501 
of the UCC) with respect to financial assets other than Cash and a "deposit account" (within the meaning of Section 
9-102 of the UCC) with respect to Cash deposited therein) for the applicable Class Collateral (each a "Mortgage 
Repo Collateral Account" for such Class). Loan Collateral will be maintained by or on behalf of the Collateral 
Agent in the Mortgage Repo Collateral Account of the related Class at all times prior to an Acceleration Event for 
such Class. At any time the Collateral Agent so requests, the LLP will establish with the Collateral Agent, and 
thereafter maintain, a segregated, non-interest bearing trust account in respect of all Classes which have a Mortgage 
Repo Collateral Account with the Master Mortgage Custodian (the "Mortgage Repo Escrow Account"). The 
Mortgage Repo Class Collateral may be deposited therein in accordance with the Mortgage Asset Security 
Agreement to facilitate dispositions thereof. The designation of any Mortgage Repo Collateral Account or the 
Mortgage Repo Escrow Account will be altered as directed by the LLP, if and to the extent that such alteration is 
necessary to clearly identify the particular Class to which each such Mortgage Repo Collateral Account or the 
Mortgage Repo Escrow Account relates. 
Permitted Dispositions 
Subject to the terms of the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement, neither the LLP nor any of its agents will dispose, 
sell, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise convey all or any part of the Collateral, except: (a) the pledge to the 
Collateral Agent under the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement; (b) prior to the occurrence of an Acceleration 
Event, the sale and repurchase of Purchased Assets for such Class, and/or the return of additional Eligible Assets 
("Additional Purchased Assets") and Income to the Seller, pursuant to and in accordance with the related 
Repurchase Transactions, the related Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreements and the Collateral Administration 
Agreement, provided that, if such transfers of Purchased Assets, Additional Purchased Assets, and/or Income occur 
as a result of the acceleration and early close-out of the Repurchase Transactions following the occurrence of a 
Repurchase Event of Default as to which the LLP is the defaulting party, the resulting cash proceeds shall constitute 
Mortgage Repo Class Collateral for each related Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, and the 
Collateral Agent shall distribute the same in accordance with the priority of payments set forth in "—Application of 
Mortgage Repo Class Collateral following a Repurchase Event of Default of LLP" below; (c) prior to the occurrence 
of an Acceleration Event, substitutions of the related Purchased Assets pursuant to and in accordance with the 
related Repurchase Transactions, the related Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreements and the Collateral 
Administration Agreement; (d) prior to the occurrence of an Acceleration Event, after repayment of the related 
Class, delivery of any remaining Mortgage Repo Class Collateral to the Issuer in repayment of the Advance under 
the Intercompany Loan related to such Class; and (e) prior to the occurrence of a Repurchase Event of Default with 
respect to the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement, the reallocation of Purchased Assets and Additional 
Purchased Assets from the Mortgage Repo Collateral Account for one Class to the Mortgage Repo Collateral 
Account for another Class pursuant to the related Repurchase Transactions, the related Mortgage Repo Custodial 
Agreements and the Collateral Administration Agreement. The excess, if any, of (i) the cash received in connection 
with such disposition over (ii) the sum of (A) the reasonable and customary out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the 
party effecting such disposition, and (B) sales, use, transfer, value-added, documentary, recording or other taxes or 
fees reasonably estimated to be actually payable or actually paid in connection therewith (the "Net Cash 
Proceeds"), will be remitted directly to the Mortgage Repo Collateral Account for the related Class (or with respect 
to any Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement the Seller for which is Barclays, to the Barclays Cash Account (for

--- Page 163 ---
157 
further application to the Series Operating Account to the extent required under the Mortgage Asset Repurchase 
Agreement)) and applied in accordance with the Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments or the Mortgage Repo Post-
Acceleration Priority of Payments for such Class, as applicable. 
Enforcement following Acceleration Event 
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event with respect to a Class, the Collateral Agent will, on the Acceleration 
Date with respect to such Acceleration Event, to the extent that the Collateral Agent has received written notice or 
has actual knowledge thereof, give a Mortgage Repo Acceleration Notice. Upon the occurrence of such Acceleration 
Event, each applicable Class of Notes is and each Class will thereupon immediately become, due and repayable in 
an amount equal to its principal amount outstanding plus accrued interest and/or accreted discount through the 
Acceleration Date (or, solely with respect to any Class the Final Terms for which provide for the accrual of discount 
after the Acceleration Date, the date on which all amounts owing with respect thereto are reduced to zero). The 
Collateral Agent will, on the Acceleration Date with respect to any Acceleration Event of which the Collateral 
Agent has received written notice or has actual knowledge, (i) provide a copy of the related Mortgage Repo 
Acceleration Notice to the Administrator, the Mortgage Custodian, the Collateral Administrator, and each 
Noteholder and (ii) notify any Underlying Sellers of the occurrence of such Acceleration Event and instruct such 
Underlying Sellers to cease remitting funds to the Barclays Cash Account and thereafter remit funds (whether in 
connection with the exercise of any right of an Underlying Seller to repurchase the assets it sold pursuant to any 
Underlying Transaction following the occurrence of an "Event of Default" by the Seller as "buyer" under and as 
defined in the Underlying Seller Documents (an "Underlying Seller Repurchase Option"), receipt of Income or 
upon the occurrence of the applicable repurchase date under the applicable Underlying Transaction) to the 
applicable Mortgage Repo Collateral Account or Mortgage Repo Escrow Account (or such other account subject to 
the control of the Collateral Agent) for allocation to the applicable Class. Certain Noteholders may benefit from 
remedies in addition to or different from those set forth below. See "—Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing 
Investors" below. During the continuance of an Acceleration Event, the Collateral Agent may exercise in respect of 
the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral with respect to each related Class, in addition to all other rights and remedies 
provided for in the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement or otherwise available to it at law or in equity, all the rights 
and remedies of a Mortgage Repo Secured Creditor under the Uniform Commercial Code, as it is in effect from time 
to time in the State of New York (the "UCC"), (whether or not the UCC applies to the affected Mortgage Repo 
Class Collateral) to collect, enforce or satisfy any Mortgage Repo Secured Obligations related to such Class then 
owing, whether by acceleration or otherwise, and also may, without notice except as specified below or under the 
UCC or other applicable law, following delivery of the notice required pursuant to the Mortgage Asset Security 
Agreement, sell or assign such Mortgage Repo Class Collateral or any part thereof in one or more parcels at public 
or private sale, at all or any part of the Collateral Agent's offices or elsewhere, for cash, at such time or times and at 
such price or prices and upon such other terms as the Collateral Agent may deem commercially reasonable, and in 
respect of the Mortgage Repo Intangible Collateral, in addition to all other rights and remedies provided for in the 
Mortgage Asset Security Agreement or otherwise available to it at law or in equity, all the rights and remedies of a 
Mortgage Repo Secured Creditor under the UCC (whether or not the UCC applies to the Mortgage Repo Intangible 
Collateral) to collect, enforce or satisfy any Mortgage Repo Secured Obligations then owing, whether by 
acceleration or otherwise. 
Any Mortgage Repo Secured Creditor may be the purchaser of all or any part of the Collateral at any public or 
private sale in accordance with the UCC and other applicable law and, with prior notice to the Collateral Agent, any 
such Mortgage Repo Secured Creditor will be entitled, for the purpose of bidding and making settlement or payment 
of the purchase price for all or any portion of such Collateral sold at any such sale made in accordance with the 
UCC, to use and apply its proportionate share any of the Mortgage Repo Secured Obligations (which may be 
limited, with respect to such Mortgage Repo Secured Creditor, to related Mortgage Repo Secured Obligations) as a 
credit on account of the purchase price for any such Collateral payable by such Mortgage Repo Secured Creditor at 
such sale. Each purchaser at any such sale will hold the property sold absolutely free from any claim or right on the 
part of the LLP, and the LLP has waived (to the extent permitted by applicable law) all rights of redemption, stay 
and/or appraisal which it now has or may at any time in the future have under any rule of law or statute now existing 
or hereafter enacted. The Collateral Agent will not be obligated to conduct any sale of Collateral regardless of notice 
of sale having been given. The Collateral Agent may adjourn any public or private sale from time to time by 
announcement at the time and place fixed therefor, and such sale may, without further notice, be made at the time 
and place to which it was so adjourned. The LLP waives any claims against the Collateral Agent arising by reason of

--- Page 164 ---
158 
the fact that the price at which any Collateral may have been sold at such a private sale was less than the price which 
might have been obtained at a public sale, even if the Collateral Agent accepts the first offer received and does not 
offer such Collateral to more than one offeree. If the proceeds of any sale or other disposition of the Collateral are 
insufficient to pay all the Mortgage Repo Secured Obligations related to the applicable Class or Shared Collateral 
Class Group, as applicable, the LLP will not be liable for the deficiency. In connection with any public or private 
sale of Collateral, the Collateral Agent may appoint one or more brokers, investment bankers, consultants, legal 
advisors, affiliates, liquidation agents or other professionals and the costs and expenses of any such brokers, 
investment bankers, affiliates, consultants, legal advisors, liquidation agents and other professionals will be paid 
from the proceeds of the sale of such Collateral. Any such appointment by the Collateral Agent will be conclusive 
and binding on all Mortgage Repo Secured Creditors, but will not relieve the Collateral Agent of its obligations to 
fulfil its duties under the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement. 
In connection with the exercise of remedies with respect to any Mortgage Repo Class Collateral pursuant to the 
Mortgage Asset Security Agreement, the Collateral Agent will seek that all Mortgage Repo Class Collateral then in 
the Series Operating Account or the Note Payment Account be identified as Mortgage Repo Class Collateral and 
allocated to the related Mortgage Repo Escrow Account for disposition in accordance with the Mortgage Asset 
Security Agreement, and be permitted to deliver instructions to the Mortgage Custodian with respect to any 
Mortgage Repo Class Collateral; and retain (at its own cost and not in duplication of liquidation expenses) and rely 
upon advisory services provided by the Collateral Administrator, provided that such retention and reliance will not 
relieve the Collateral Agent from the performance of its duties and obligations as set forth in the Mortgage Asset 
Security Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
By reason of certain prohibitions contained under applicable law, the Collateral Agent may be compelled, 
with respect to any sale of all or any part of the Collateral conducted without prior registration or qualification of 
such Collateral under such securities laws or other applicable laws, to limit purchasers to those who will agree, 
among other things, to acquire the Collateral for their own account, for investment and not with a view to the 
distribution or resale thereof and meet any applicable selling restrictions under any applicable law with respect 
thereto. Any such private sale may be at prices and on terms less favourable than those obtainable through a public 
sale without such restrictions (including a public offering made pursuant to a registration statement, prospectus, or 
similar document under applicable securities laws) and, notwithstanding such circumstances, any such private sale 
will be deemed to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner and the Collateral Agent will have no 
obligation to engage in public sales and no obligation to delay the sale of any Collateral for the period of time 
necessary to permit the issuer thereof to register it for a form of public sale requiring registration under applicable 
securities laws, even if such issuer would, or should, agree to so register it. 
The Collateral Agent and its agents will conduct any sale under the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement 
in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement, and in the case of a public 
sale the UCC. Except as required by applicable law, any sale of Collateral by the Collateral Agent and its agents 
may be made without assuming any credit risk. The Collateral Agent, in connection with any exercise of any of its 
rights or remedies, may exercise the same without demand of performance or other demand, presentment, protest, 
advertisement or notice of any kind (except any notice required by law) to or upon the LLP or any other person (all 
and each of which demands, presentment, protect, advertisements or notices have been waived). The Collateral 
Agent and its agents may sell Collateral in one or more lots, and to one or more purchasers. The Collateral Agent 
and its agents will conduct any sale on a "where is, as is" basis, without any representations and warranties relating 
to title, possession, quiet enjoyment or the like, express or implied. Any process undertaken by the Collateral Agent 
in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement (to the extent permitted by applicable law) 
is deemed "reasonable." In addition, any timing requirements in connection with any Collateral, sale or bid process 
will be extended to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable law or otherwise operationally or 
administratively necessary.  
Only the Collateral Agent may pursue the remedies available under the general law or under the Mortgage Asset 
Security Agreement to enforce the security interest set forth therein with respect to any Collateral and no other party 
nor any of the Noteholders will be entitled to proceed directly against the LLP to enforce any such security interest.

--- Page 165 ---
159 
Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing Investors 
A "Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing Investor" means, as of any date of determination, a Noteholder that is a 
Mortgage Repo Secured Creditor and that provides a Mortgage Repo Directing Investor notice pursuant to the 
Mortgage Asset Security Agreement to the Collateral Agent, with respect to a Mortgage Repo Directing Investor 
Class as to which it is acting, for itself or on behalf of an Affiliate which has so authorised it to act. Any Class of 
Notes secured by Collateral which is wholly owned by a Noteholder or one or more of its Affiliates, or by a 
Noteholder in conjunction with one or more of its Affiliates, and (if it is not the Noteholder with respect to such 
Class or if such Class is wholly owned by the Noteholder in conjunction with one or more of its Affiliates) as to 
which such Noteholder has provided evidence satisfactory to the Collateral Agent that it has authorisation from the 
Affiliate that is the sole Noteholder (or, with whom, such Class is wholly owned by such Noteholder) to give 
instructions to the Collateral Agent as a Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing Investor, will be a "Mortgage Repo
Directing Investor Class", and be eligible for certain remedies following an Acceleration Event different from 
those of Classes that are not Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Classes, as set forth below.  
Each Noteholder of a Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Class, or an authorised Affiliate thereof, may, no later than 
6:00 p.m. (New York time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after an Acceleration Event, provide to the Collateral 
Agent by facsimile, overnight courier service, telecopier, certified or registered post, by hand or by electronic 
communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the 
Collateral Agent, a duly completed and executed Mortgage Repo Directing Investor notice (the "Mortgage Repo
Directing Investor Notice"), substantially in the form of the corresponding exhibit attached to the Mortgage Asset 
Security Agreement. The form may be obtained from the Administrator or the Collateral Agent. If the Final Terms 
for a Class contains an indicator that such Class is not a Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Class, such indicator 
shall control, and any Mortgage Repo Directing Investor notice received in respect of such Class will be deemed to 
be ineffective and disregarded by the Collateral Agent. 
With respect to each Class which is a Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Class, the related Mortgage Repo Qualified 
Directing Investor will be entitled to give instructions that comply with the provisions set forth below (such 
instructions, "Mortgage Repo Qualified Instructions") to the Collateral Agent with respect to the disposition of 
the related Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, and the Collateral Agent will accept and promptly act upon all 
Mortgage Repo Qualified Instructions with respect to the disposition of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral related 
to each such Class. 
After the occurrence of an Acceleration Event and delivery of a satisfactory Mortgage Repo Directing Investor 
Notice, subject to the immediately succeeding paragraph, Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing Investors may give 
the Collateral Agent any or all of the following disposition instructions with respect to the Mortgage Repo Class 
Collateral for each related Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Class in respect of which they are acting: (a) that some 
or all of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral (including any Trust Receipts (or interests therein) evidencing 
Mortgage Repo Class Collateral) be sold by the Collateral Agent pursuant to collateral sales conducted in 
accordance with the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement for the best price offered to the Collateral Agent for such 
Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, with or without instructions as to the specific timing of such sales, or the markets 
or processes to be employed; (b) that some or all of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral be sold to named 
purchasers, with or without instructions as to the purchase price therefor; (c) that some or all of the Mortgage Repo 
Class Collateral be delivered to the Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing Investor or its nominee Affiliate in kind, 
provided that the Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing Investor must comply with all applicable securities laws and 
ensure (and satisfy the Collateral Agent) that any such delivery will be in compliance therewith; and/or (d) that some 
or all of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral be maintained by the Collateral Agent or the Mortgage Custodian 
pending further instructions, subject to the limitations set forth below. 
Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing Investors may give the Collateral Agent instructions on any Business Day, but 
may not submit instructions that: (a) if implemented, would cause or result in a violation of the Mortgage Asset 
Security Agreement, any other Transaction Document, any Underlying Seller Agreement or any applicable laws or 
any rules or regulations, including without limitation the terms of any permissive or mandatory stay imposed by a 
governmental authority that applies to the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral; (b) if implemented, would result in such 
Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing Investor receiving an aggregate amount of cash and/or value (calculated as 
described above) in excess of the sum of the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts due to such Mortgage Repo

--- Page 166 ---
160 
Qualified Directing Investor in respect of all its Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Classes; (c) do not adequately 
describe the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral the subject of such instruction, are lacking sufficient clarity, 
completeness or detail, or otherwise are too vague for the Collateral Agent to understand and comply with such 
instructions; (d) are commercially unreasonable, whether as to timing, method, requirements, the administrative 
burden such instructions would place on the Collateral Agent, or for any other reason; (e) involve fraudulent action, 
including without limitation, transactions at an undervalue, or which involve round-trip or undisclosed consideration 
or which are not conducted for consideration which is fully disclosed to the Collateral Agent and which is equal to 
the price for the related Mortgage Repo Class Collateral that could be obtained from a generally recognised source 
or the most recent closing bid quotation from such a source; (f) would require the Collateral Agent to incur 
liquidation costs that cannot be recouped from the cash proceeds of sale, unless such costs are borne by the 
Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing Investor or otherwise assured to the Collateral Agent in its reasonable 
discretion; (g) unless otherwise agreed by the Collateral Agent in writing, are submitted by a method other than 
through the notification features of the clearing systems utilised by the Issue and Paying Agent for the issuance and 
settlement of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes; provided, that no Mortgage Repo Class Collateral 
constituting Mortgage Assets may be sold at any time the related Underlying Seller is not then in default under the 
related Underlying Transaction (it being understood and agreed that Purchased Assets may be delivered to the 
applicable Underlying Seller in accordance with any Underlying Seller Repurchase Option or upon the occurrence 
of the applicable repurchase date under the applicable Underlying Transaction against receipt by the Collateral 
Agent of the applicable repurchase price, which amounts shall be applied as Net Cash Proceeds in accordance with 
the Mortgage Repo Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments.  
If a Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing Investor that has previously delivered a Mortgage Repo Directing Investor 
notice (x) fails to submit Mortgage Repo Qualified Instructions as to the applicable Mortgage Repo Class Collateral 
for a period of thirty (30) days, or (y) by the date thirty (30) days following the Acceleration Date (with such period 
tolled for any period that a permissive or mandatory stay prevents a disposition), fails to direct the Collateral Agent 
to dispose of sufficient Mortgage Repo Class Collateral to generate sufficient Net Cash Proceeds, and/or to direct 
the Collateral Agent to deliver to the Seller Purchased Assets, in an aggregate amount equal to the amount due and 
payable from the LLP to the Seller pursuant to the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement with respect to the 
Repurchase Transactions related to each Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Class in respect of which such Mortgage 
Repo Qualified Directing Investor is acting, the related Class will thereafter be deemed not to be a Mortgage Repo 
Directing Investor Class, and such Mortgage Repo Class Collateral will be sold by the Collateral Agent in 
accordance with the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement, and the Net Cash Proceeds applied in accordance with the 
Mortgage Repo Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments for Classes other than Mortgage Repo Directing Investor 
Classes. If a Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing Investor submits Mortgage Repo Qualified Instructions, but such 
Mortgage Repo Qualified Instructions do not instruct the Collateral Agent to dispose of such applicable Mortgage 
Repo Class Collateral within six (6) months after the Acceleration Date (with such period tolled for any period that a 
permissive or mandatory stay prevents such disposition), then, subject to clause (b) in the immediately preceding 
paragraph, such Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing Investor must either: (i) submit a Mortgage Repo Qualified 
Instruction that the remaining Mortgage Repo Class Collateral for each Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Class as 
to which the Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing Investor is acting be delivered to such Mortgage Repo Qualified 
Directing Investor or its nominee Affiliate in kind, or (ii) agree with the Collateral Agent in an arrangement that 
comports with the paragraph immediately below. In the absence of compliance with (i) or (ii) above, the related 
Class will thereafter be deemed not to be a Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Class, and such Mortgage Repo Class 
Collateral will be sold by the Collateral Agent in accordance with the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement, and the 
Net Cash Proceeds applied in accordance with the Mortgage Repo Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments for 
Classes other than Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Classes. 
Mortgage Repo Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments 
Subject to compliance with any mandatory stay imposed by any governmental authority under applicable law, 
beginning on the date on which any Acceleration Event occurs and on each Business Day thereafter, the Collateral 
Agent will exercise remedies in accordance with the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement, including without 
limitation, on the first Business Day following the Acceleration Date, undertaking the following actions with respect 
to the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral, and making the following payments (the "Mortgage Repo Post-
Acceleration Priority of Payments"):

--- Page 167 ---
161 
(a) 
Classes Other Than Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Classes. With respect to each 
related Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes which is not a Mortgage Repo Directing 
Investor Class, the Collateral Agent will: 
(i) 
with respect to any Mortgage Repo Class Collateral (x) for which the Underlying Seller 
of the Mortgage Loan relating thereto is not then in default under the related Underlying Transaction 
Documents, make commercially reasonable efforts to offer for sale any Trust Receipts (or interests therein) 
relating to such Mortgage Repo Class Collateral until such time as the Trust Receipts are sold (provided that 
the Collateral Agent will not sell any such Trust Receipt until and unless the Trust Receipt Sale Condition is 
satisfied with respect to the related Mortgage Repo Class Collateral) or (y) for which the Underlying Seller 
of the Mortgage Loan relating thereto is then in default under the related Underlying Transaction 
Documents, sell any Mortgage Repo Class Collateral related to each such Class in accordance with this 
Agreement; provided, that, until such time as all obligations of the related Seller or Underlying Seller to the 
LLP or Seller, as applicable, under the Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement or Underlying Transaction 
Documents, as applicable, are discharged, Collateral Agent will maintain any interests of Seller, as "buyer" 
under the applicable Underlying Transactions, in such applicable Underlying Transactions, and apply any 
amounts remitted by Underlying Sellers with respect to the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral (whether in 
connection with the exercise of any Underlying Seller Repurchase Option, receipt of any Income or upon 
the occurrence of the applicable repurchase date under the applicable Underlying Transaction or otherwise) 
as Net Cash Proceeds in accordance with clause (ii) below; and 
(ii)  
apply the Net Cash Proceeds received pursuant to clause (i) above for each related Class 
to make the following payments in the following order of priority: 
(A) 
first, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards 
satisfaction of the Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts due to the Noteholders of each such Class 
pursuant to the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo); 
(B) 
second, to pay each related Seller any amounts due and payable by the LLP to 
the Seller pursuant to the Repurchase Transactions related to such Class; and 
(C) 
third, the remaining amount, if any, to the LLP Master Account. 
(b) 
Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Classes. The Collateral Agent will accept and promptly act 
upon all Mortgage Repo Qualified Instructions received from each applicable Mortgage Repo Qualified 
Directing Investor, with respect to the disposition of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral related to each 
affected Class unless and until all Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts due to the Holder of each related Class 
pursuant to the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo) have been satisfied. In connection with any disposition 
of some or all of the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral for a Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Class: 
(i) 
to the extent such disposition is for cash, the Collateral Agent will apply the Net Cash 
Proceeds arising from such disposition in or towards satisfaction of the Mortgage Repo Payment 
Amounts due to the Noteholder of each related Class pursuant to the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage 
Repo); and 
(ii) 
to the extent such disposition is not for cash, the Collateral Agent will reduce the 
Mortgage Repo Payment Amounts due to the Holder of each related Class pursuant to the LLP Undertaking 
(Mortgage Repo) by an amount equal to the Mortgage Repo Market Value of the portion of the Mortgage 
Repo Class Collateral that is the subject of such disposition, such Mortgage Repo Market Value (to be as 
determined by the Mortgage Custodian) as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to such 
disposition; provided that, to the extent that (x) the Mortgage Repo Market Value of the portion of the 
Mortgage Repo Class Collateral that is the subject of such disposition exceeds (y) the Mortgage Repo 
Payment Amounts due to the Holder of each related Class pursuant to the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage 
Repo), the Collateral Agent will require such Holder to remit to the Collateral Agent an amount in 
immediately available funds equal to such difference prior to delivery of such Mortgage Repo Class 
Collateral;

--- Page 168 ---
162 
provided, that Mortgage Assets may be delivered to the applicable Underlying Seller in accordance with any 
Underlying Seller Repurchase Option or upon the occurrence of the applicable repurchase date under the applicable 
Underlying Transaction against receipt by the Collateral Agent of the applicable repurchase price, which amounts 
will be applied as Net Cash Proceeds in accordance with clause (i) above. For purposes of this section, "Trust 
Receipt Sale Condition" means either (a) the proposed disposition of the applicable Trust Receipts (or interests 
therein) will result in Net Cash Proceeds equal to or exceeding the Repurchase Price of the Repurchase Transaction 
to which such Mortgage Repo Class Collateral relates or (b) the Holders of not less than a majority of the Principal 
Amount Outstanding of the applicable Class consent to such disposition. 
If any Mortgage Repo Class Collateral remains after satisfaction of the Mortgage Repo Payment Amount due to the 
Noteholder of a Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Class, the remaining portion of such Mortgage Repo Class 
Collateral will be sold by the Collateral Agent in accordance with the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement and the 
Net Cash Proceeds thereof will be applied in the following order: (A) to pay the Seller any amounts due and payable 
by the LLP to the Seller pursuant to the Repurchase Transactions related to such Class; and (B) the remaining 
amount, if any, to the LLP Master Account. 
Application of Mortgage Repo Class Collateral following a Repurchase Event of Default of LLP 
With respect to each Class of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes as to which a Repurchase Event of 
Default has occurred where the LLP is the defaulting party, following the exercise of remedies by the Seller, the 
Collateral Agent will be permitted to instruct the Mortgage Custodian or the applicable Sub-Custodian to return the 
Mortgage Repo Class Collateral to the Seller against payment by the Seller of the associated Repurchase Price in 
immediately available funds (which funds will be deposited by the Seller, Mortgage Custodian or such Sub-
Custodian into each related Mortgage Repo Collateral Account and/or the Escrow Account for each such Class). On 
each date that amounts become due to the Holders of each such Class pursuant to the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage 
Repo), the Collateral Agent will withdraw (or where applicable, direct the Mortgage Custodian to do so) the 
applicable funds representing the Mortgage Repo Class Collateral from each Mortgage Repo Collateral Account for 
such Class and/or the Mortgage Repo Escrow Account for such Class, and apply the funds to make the following 
payments in the following order of priority, with no application to be made until all actual or contingent liabilities 
under the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo) to the Holders of such Class in respect of Payment Amounts have 
been satisfied in full: (a) first, pro rata according to the respective amounts thereof, in or towards satisfaction of any 
amounts due to the Holders of each such Class pursuant to the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo); and (b) second, 
the remaining amount, if any, to the LLP Master Account. 
Removal or Resignation of Collateral Agent 
The Collateral Agent may resign upon 90 days' prior written notice to the LLP and the Administrator. The Collateral 
Agent may be removed for any of the following causes upon at least 90 days' prior written notice by the LLP or the 
Administrator: (a) a material adverse change in the business and operations of the Collateral Agent has occurred and 
is continuing, such that as a result of such change, the Collateral Agent no longer has the capacity or the competence 
to perform its obligations as Collateral Agent; (b) the Collateral Agent wilfully violates or wilfully breaches any 
provision of any of the Transaction Documents applicable to the Collateral Agent; (c) the Collateral Agent breaches 
in any material respect any provision of any of the Transaction Documents applicable to the Collateral Agent, which 
breach if capable of being cured, is not cured within 30 days of the Collateral Agent becoming aware of, or 
receiving notice from the LLP or the Administrator of, such breach; (d) the failure of any representation, warranty, 
certification or statement made or delivered by the Collateral Agent in or pursuant to any of the Transaction 
Documents to be correct in any material respect when made and no correction is made for a period of 45 days after 
the Collateral Agent becoming aware of, or its receipt of notice from the LLP or the Administrator of, such failure; 
(e) the Collateral Agent is wound up or dissolved or there is appointed over it or a substantial part of its assets a 
receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee or similar officer; or the Collateral Agent (i) ceases to be able 
to, or admits in writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become due and payable, or makes a general assignment 
for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or arrangement with, its creditors generally; (ii) applies for or 
consents (by admission of material allegations of a petition or otherwise) to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, 
assignee, custodian, liquidator or sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Collateral Agent or of any substantial 
part of its properties or assets, or authorises such an application or consent, or proceedings seeking such appointment 
are commenced without such authorisation, consent or application against the Collateral Agent and continue

--- Page 169 ---
163 
undismissed for 60 days or any such appointment is ordered by a court or regulatory body having jurisdiction; (iii) 
authorises or files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or applies for or consents (by admission of material allegations 
of a petition or otherwise) to the application of any bankruptcy, reorganisation, arrangement, readjustment of debt, 
insolvency, dissolution, or similar law, or authorises such application or consent, or proceedings to such end are 
instituted against the Collateral Agent without such authorisation, application or consent and remain undismissed for 
60 days or result in adjudication of bankruptcy or insolvency or the issuance of an order for relief; or (iv) permits or 
suffers all or any substantial part of its properties or assets to be sequestered or attached by court order and the order 
(if contested in good faith) remains undismissed for 60 days or (f) the criminal indictment of the Collateral Agent for 
the occurrence of an act by the Collateral Agent that constitutes fraud or criminal activity in the performance of its 
obligations under any of the Transaction Documents applicable to the Collateral Agent, as determined by a final 
adjudication by a court of competent jurisdiction or the indictment for criminal prosecution of any senior officer of 
the Collateral Agent for a criminal offense materially related to its obligations under the Mortgage Asset Security 
Agreement. 
No institution will be eligible to serve as a successor Collateral Agent unless it: (a) is not an affiliate of the outgoing 
Collateral Agent; (b) is legally qualified and has the capacity to act as Collateral Agent under the Mortgage Asset 
Security Agreement and under the terms of the other Transaction Documents and (c) has a combined capital and 
surplus of at least US $200,000,000, a short term debt rated at least "P-1" by Moody's and at least "A-1" by S&P and 
a long term debt rated at least "Baa1" by Moody's and at least "BBB+" by S&P. 
In addition, if The Bank of New York Mellon is appointed as Collateral Agent, it has the right to resign as Collateral 
Agent, without regard to any notice requirement set forth in the Mortgage Asset Security Agreement but subject to 
the appointment of a successor Collateral Agent and the satisfaction of certain other conditions, if its appointment as 
the Master Mortgage Custodian is terminated.

--- Page 170 ---
164 
ELIGIBLE ASSETS FOR MORTGAGE REPO 
Certain categories of mortgage assets described below may constitute Eligible Assets. Such categories correspond 
with the Bank's guidelines and practices for making such determinations in entering into repurchase transactions as 
the 'buyer' of mortgage assets with counterparties, including the Underlying Sellers, which criteria are subject to 
change. The Final Terms relating to any Mortgage Repo Class will identify which of such categories of mortgage 
assets are Eligible Assets for that particular Mortgage Repo Class and identify the applicable form of collateral 
eligibility statement issued by the Mortgage Custodian ("Collateral Eligibility Statement"), which will establish 
haircuts with respect to each such category of mortgage asset. For each Mortgage Repurchase Transaction, the 
completed Collateral Eligibility Statement will be consistent with the description of the Eligible Assets set forth in 
the related Final Terms for the related Mortgage Repo Class.  
Prospective investors in any Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that is a Mortgage Repo Class 
should carefully review the related Final Terms for such Mortgage Repo Class, and the description of Eligible 
Assets set forth therein.  
Residential Mortgage Loans 
The Bank lends to various originators or aggregators of residential mortgage loans and applies its internal quality 
and review standards to each warehouse borrower and to the mortgage loans financed. Not all residential mortgage 
loans that are financed by the Bank through its warehouse facilities will become Mortgage Repo Class Collateral.  
Currently the Bank lends to warehouse borrowers with respect to a variety of residential loan types that include, but 
are not limited to, the following types (each as described herein below, and with their assigned categorisation as 
described below): 

Agency Eligible Loans (new origination) and FHA Modifications ("Category B") 

Agency "wet" Loans ("Category C") 

HECM Buyouts (active) ("Category D") 

FHA Buyout/HECM Buyouts (inactive) ("Category E") 

Qualified Jumbo Loans ("Category F") 

Small Balance Commercial Mortgages ("Category G") 

Non-Qualified Mortgages (Qualified Mortgage is defined below) ("Category H") 

Residential Transition Loans ("Category I") 

HECM Mortgages ("Category J") 

Reverse Mortgages ("Category K"); and 

Seasoned ("Category L") 

Commercial Mortgage Loans that are not Small Balance Commercial Mortgage Loans ("Category M") 
Borrower's cash held by the Bank is always treated as "Category A." 
In connection with each type of residential mortgage loan it finances, the Bank relies on the representations and 
warranties made by each respective warehouse borrower with respect to, among other things, the relevant loan type 
(as described above) categorisation (i.e.: Agency Eligible, Qualified Jumbo, etc.) and such loan's conformance to the 
borrower's stated underwriting standards. In addition in connection with the Bank's warehouse lending business,  the 
Bank will engage third parties to conduct due diligence on a sample set of the residential mortgage loans to review 
that the mortgage loans were underwritten to the borrower's stated underwriting guidelines to detect any trends or 
deviations. It should be noted, however, that (i) certain residential mortgage loans, predominantly Agency Eligible 
mortgage loans, may be removed from the warehouse program before normal due diligence can be conducted and 
(ii) the number of loans in a sample set and the type of diligence conducted may differ from that customarily done in 
respect of a typical newly issued securitisation transaction. The combination of representations made by the 
warehouse borrower and the due diligence conducted by the Bank, as qualified above, will influence whether the 
mortgage loan will be correctly categorised by loan type, which in turn will affect its inclusion as an Eligible 
Asset/Purchased Asset.

--- Page 171 ---
165 
See below for a brief summary of each mortgage loan type: 
Type 
Description 
Agency Eligible 
(other than Agency Wet) 
Residential mortgage loans that comply with the eligibility 
requirements of Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac.  

Mortgage loans eligible for inclusion in Ginnie Mae pools must be 
guaranteed or insured by a federal government agency. Most 
are insured by the FHA or guaranteed by the VA.  

Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac purchase loans that meet their 
respective eligibility requirements, including, among other 
things, a cap on the principal balance of the mortgage loans, 
as well as creditworthiness criteria such as loan-to-value 
ratios, credit score requirements, debt service coverage ratios 
and the like. The eligibility requirements are set forth in 
guides published by these Agencies. 
Underlying Sellers typically sell Agency Eligible loans to the Bank 
from the time of origination until the loans are repurchased by the 
related Underlying Seller in the underlying repo financing and pooled 
with other Ginnie Mae eligible loans for inclusion in a Ginnie Mae 
mortgage-backed security or sold to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac (or 
sometimes sold to other whole loan buyers). 
FHA Modifications 
A servicer may be required to purchase an FHA loan out of a Ginnie 
Mae pool as a result of delinquent borrower payments, among other 
reasons. Before any FHA insurance claim is made the servicer may 
attempt to modify the terms of the loan. A test period follows to see 
whether the borrower is capable of making payments under the 
modified terms. Once the trial period is complete, if the borrower is 
paying, the loan is considered "re-performing" and is eligible for 
repooling with Ginnie Mae. 
FHA loans that have been purchased out of Ginnie Mae pools and are 
eligible for repooling are known as "FHA Modifications. " 
Agency Wet 
In order to originate mortgage loans, an originator typically must 
disburse funds to a settlement agent, which obtains the mortgage note 
and other mortgage documents from the borrower, records the 
mortgage and releases the funds to the borrower. In a wet funding, the 
Bank remits a portion of the funds directly to the settlement agent on 
behalf of the Underlying Seller, and the Underlying Seller as 
originator remits to the settlement agent the remainder of the funds 
needed to fund the loan. After closing, the settlement agent delivers 
the mortgage note to a custodian. The loans are referred to as "wet," 
as though the ink on the mortgage note has not "dried," until the 
mortgage note is received by the custodian and the custodian issues a 
trust receipt. 
An Agency Wet loan is reclassified as an Agency Eligible mortgage 
loan as soon as the Bank receives the trust receipt from the custodian, 
which confirms that the loan has "dried."  
HECM Buyout (active) 
Most HECMs are pooled with other Ginnie Mae eligible loans for 
inclusion in a Ginnie Mae mortgage-backed security after the 
Underlying Seller repurchases such HECMs.  

Because the interest that accrues on a HECM is added to the

--- Page 172 ---
166 
principal balance rather than being paid currently, the 
principal balance of a HECM grows over time. Ginnie Mae 
requires the servicer of a HECM that has been included in a 
Ginnie Mae mortgage-backed security to purchase the HECM 
out of the Ginnie Mae pool when its outstanding principal 
balance reaches 98% of its maximum FHA insured claim 
amount.  

A HECM that reaches the 98% threshold must be bought back 
from Ginnie Mae (a "HECM Buyout") but cannot be 
submitted to FHA for an insurance claim until there is a 
"maturity event" related to the HECM, as described above. 

A HECM Buyout that has reached the 98% threshold is considered 
"active" if it has been bought out and no maturity event has 
occurred. A servicer's holding period for an active HECM 
Buyout is uncertain and could be long. 

Many Underlying Sellers, as servicers, finance their HECM 
Buyouts with the Bank pursuant to an Underlying Seller 
Agreement. 
HECM Buyout (inactive) 
Once a maturity event (as described above) occurs, a HECM Buyout 
is considered "inactive" and assigned to the corresponding eligibility 
category listed above. 
FHA Buyout 
An FHA Buyout is a residential mortgage loan insured by the FHA 
that has been bought out of a Ginnie Mae pool. 

An FHA loan is one in which the owner of the loan including a 
lender such as the Bank can obtain insurance coverage from 
the FHA if it suffers a loss. 

Most FHA loans are pooled into Ginnie Mae pools after the 
Underlying Seller repurchases such loans from the Bank. 

When an FHA loan becomes delinquent, the servicer may 
purchase the loan out of the Ginnie Mae pool, at which point 
it will be treated as an FHA Buyout. 
Qualified Mortgage (Jumbo) 
A Qualified Mortgage is a first lien conventional mortgage loan that 
does not meet eligibility requirements of Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae or 
Freddie Mac due to any number of factors, typically because the 
principal balance exceeds agency limits. On the other hand, these 
loans do satisfy the criteria for a "qualified mortgage" in connection 
with the ability-to-repay provisions of the Truth in Lending Act. 
Small Balance Commercial  
Although not residential mortgage loans, small balance commercial 
mortgage loans are managed by the Bank using the same platform as 
that used for residential mortgage loans (and not the platform used by 
the Bank for other commercial mortgage loans, as described below). 
Small balance commercial mortgage loans are secured by a first lien 
generally on either various types of smaller commercial properties or 
residential rental properties consisting of one- to four-family dwelling 
units. 
Non-Qualified Mortgage 
A mortgage loan that does not satisfy the eligibility requirement of the 
Agencies or criteria for a "qualified mortgage" in connection with the 
ability-to-repay provisions of the Truth in Lending Act. 
Residential Transition 
Residential Transition Loans are secured by residential, one- to four-
family properties, but they are not owner occupied. Instead, they are 
owned by investors who may be making improvements on the

--- Page 173 ---
167 
property before selling the properties. The loan terms on these loans 
are typically no longer than 24 months.  
Home Equity Conversion Mortgage 
(HECM) 
HECMs are reverse mortgage loans that are administered and 
guaranteed by the FHA.  

Reverse mortgage loans are loans made to senior citizens (i.e., 
people over the age of 62). The principal amount that may be 
borrowed is determined by using a combination of valuations 
on the home and actuarial information about the borrower. 
The lender advances funds to the borrower, either in a lump 
sum or in more than one advance.  

Unlike a forward mortgage loan, the borrower in a reverse 
mortgage loan does not make monthly payments. Interest 
accrues on the mortgage loan but is not paid currently. 
Instead, the accrued interest is added to the principal balance 
of the mortgage loan.  

Principal and interest are paid on reverse mortgage loans only 
upon a "maturity event." Maturity events include the death of 
the borrower, the relocation of the borrower, or the failure of 
the borrower to pay taxes or insurance on the property. 

After the lender is paid in full, any excess proceeds from the sale 
of a home will be returned to the borrower (or, if the borrower 
is deceased, to the borrower's estate).  

The FHA guarantees HECMs, which means that if a maturity 
event occurs and the property is not worth enough to pay off 
the balance due under the related mortgage note, the owner of 
the note can make a claim for insurance for the deficiency 
(subject to a number of restrictions). 

If any Eligible Asset that is a HECM has undrawn amounts and 
the Underlying Seller fails to make required advances, such 
mortgage loan will no longer be an Eligible Asset. 
Reverse 
Not all reverse mortgage loans are insured by FHA.  

A lender may originate a reverse mortgage loan and choose not to 
obtain insurance because the loan does not meet eligibility 
requirements of HECMs, due to a number of factors, such as 
having an original principal balance in excess of FHA limits. 

Because these loans are not eligible for pooling with other Ginnie 
Mae eligible loans, the Bank finances these loans from 
origination until the Underlying Seller repurchases the loan in 
order to sell it to a third party take-out investor or in order to 
securitise it in a securitisation that does not involve one of the 
Agencies. 

If any Eligible Asset that is a reverse mortgage loan has undrawn 
amounts and the Underlying Seller fails to make required 
advances, such mortgage loan will no longer be an Eligible 
Asset. 
Seasoned 
A seasoned mortgage loan is a non-performing or re-performing 
forward or reverse mortgage loan that is not Agency Eligible and is not 
government insured. 
Commercial Mortgage Loans 
See below for a description. 
Commercial Mortgage Loans

--- Page 174 ---
168 
The Bank finances various types of commercial mortgage assets. The types of commercial mortgage assets the Bank 
finances through its warehouse facilities are: 

whole senior loans, 

pari passu senior loans, 

whole participations in senior loans, and 

pari passu participations in senior loans. 
Not all commercial mortgage loans or commercial mortgage assets that are financed by the Bank through its 
warehouse facilities will become Mortgage Repo Class Collateral. The commercial real estate property types in 
respect of which the Bank is willing to provide warehouse finance include multifamily, office, retail, hospitality, 
industrial, self-storage and manufactured housing communities. Some commercial mortgage assets may have 
delayed draw or other features that require one or more additional advances to be made to the related borrower. If 
any such Eligible Asset has undrawn amounts and the Underlying Seller fails to make required advances, such 
mortgage loan will no longer be an Eligible Asset. 
Except to the extent that the Bank is providing warehouse finance in connection with the senior loan, the Bank does 
not provide warehouse finance for: 

B notes or other junior or subordinated loans, 

subordinated or junior participations in senior loans, or 

mezzanine loans or participations in mezzanine loans. 
None of these types of commercial mortgage interests will be Eligible Assets except to the extent such interest is 
included in the same Repurchase Transaction as the related senior loan. 
For each commercial mortgage asset that is intended to be funded on a repo facility, Bank personnel request and 
receive a variety of documentation, including the prospective seller's Asset Summary Report ("ASR"), third party 
reports as appropriate (e.g. appraisal, environmental (Phase I/II), engineering (PCR) and zoning reports), operating 
financial statements (including historical and current, budget and rent rolls) and any other documentation necessary 
to evaluate the credit risk associated with the commercial mortgage asset. The Bank prepares its own underwriting, 
and prepares a confidential internal ASR that supplements the prospective seller's ASR. Additionally, the Bank may 
perform a site inspection on the prospective property. For floating rate assets, the Bank may engage external counsel 
to review all legal, assignment and pledge documents, exception reports and other documents necessary to perfect 
the Bank's legal interest.  
Once an asset is funded by the Bank on its warehouse lines, the Bank will collect and review updated servicing data 
(e.g. outstanding principal balance, additional advances made and the paid through date) in addition to reviewing the 
underlying loan performance as evidenced by operating financial statements, budget and rent rolls, as well as other 
information relayed by the servicers, the borrowers and the asset seller. On a monthly basis, Bank personnel reviews 
the information received to identify any material changes in asset condition or loan performance including reviewing 
the status of planned renovations, any changes to the operating and fixed expense structure, confirming compliance 
with loan conditions and payment remittances, and updates to leasing activity. Bank personnel also review 
submarket rents, vacancy rates, absorption statistics and construction figures as available through third party vendor 
reports. Bank personnel also review monthly national and submarket capitalization rates as reported by third party 
vendors. This information is compiled and summarized in a confidential internal Asset Management Report, which 
is prepared for each floating rate asset detailing loan performance and updated underwriting information, and 
analysis of progress on the business plan. The Bank's credit officers periodically review individual loan 
performance, assets to watch, and property specific details. At these periodic meetings, the Bank assigns a risk rating 
for each asset based on a scale of 1 to 5 as detailed below:

--- Page 175 ---
169 
Rating 
Name of Rating 
Description of Rating 
1 
Performing - Strong 
The loan/property has strong metrics that are in line or better than anticipated, and 
is in line or ahead of business plan. 
2 
Performing - Good 
The loan/property has good metrics that are in line with expectations, and is in line 
with the business plan. 
3 
Performing - Fair 
The loan/property has acceptable metrics that are near expectations, and is close to 
the business plan with no material valuation implications. 
4 
Watch List 
The loan/property is materially underperforming expectations on metrics and/or 
business plan, potentially with material valuation implications. 
5 
Non-Performing 
The loan/property has a history of late payments and/or is currently in monetary or 
other material default, or there are material valuation implications. 
If a borrower's performance is materially different from the business plan or the asset is underperforming compared 
to the initial underwriting, the Bank may make a margin call requiring additional cash collateral to be posted by the 
seller. 
In order to be an Eligible Asset, commercial mortgage assets must be in categories 1 – 3 on the above list. The LLP 
does not participate in the credit underwriting or monitoring of the mortgage assets, and will be entirely dependent 
upon the Bank as Seller notifying it if a mortgage asset is assigned to category 4 or category 5 above.

--- Page 176 ---
170 
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS FOR GLOBAL COLLATERALISED MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
Final Terms 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any EEA Retail Investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). 
For these purposes: (i) an "EEA Retail Investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (x) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, EU MiFID II); (y) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive No. 2002/92/EC (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II, or (z) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"); and (ii) the expression 
"offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or otherwise making them available to EEA Retail 
Investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes or otherwise making them available to any EEA Retail Investor in the EEA might be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to (and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to) any UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom. For these 
purposes: (i) a "UK Retail Investor" means: (x) a client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 2017/565 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (as amended, the "EUWA"); (y) a customer within the meaning of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA"), of the United Kingdom and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) No. 2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it 
forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (z) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 (as amended) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; and (ii) the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No. 1286/2014 (as amended) as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or otherwise 
making them available to UK Retail Investors in the United Kingdom has been prepared and, therefore, 
offering or selling the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
UK Retail Investor in the United Kingdom might be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, EU MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of each 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Global

--- Page 177 ---
171 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes is only eligible counterparties (as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook) and professional clients (as defined in Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 as it forms part 
of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the [EUWA/European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018] (as 
amended, "UK MiFIR")), and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes to such eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[SINGAPORE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION - Solely for the 
purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 
(Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"), Barclays Bank PLC has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Regulation 3(b) of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 (the "SF (CMP) Regulations") that the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are "[prescribed 
capital markets products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products]" (as 
defined in the SF (CMP) Regulations) and [Excluded Investment Products]/[Specified Investment Products] 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]1
BARCLAYS BANK PLC 
(Incorporated with limited liability in England and Wales) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): G5GSEF7VJP5I7OUK5573 
$30,000,000,000 
GLOBAL COLLATERALISED MEDIUM TERM NOTE SERIES 
supported by a limited recourse undertaking by Barclays CCP Funding LLP
Series Number [●] 
[Classes] 
Issue Price: [issue price] [of Aggregate Nominal Amount] [(to be consolidated and form a single series with Class [●]
Notes originally issued on [●] (the "Original Notes"))]
This document constitutes the final terms of the Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes (the "Final 
Terms") [described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive No. 2003/71/EC (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation")] and is prepared in connection with the $30,000,000,000 Global Collateralised Medium Term Note 
Series established by Barclays Bank PLC (the "Bank" or the "Issuer") and should be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus dated 1 October 2021 [, as supplemented by the Base Prospectus supplement dated [●]] (the "Base 
Prospectus")[, which constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation]2, [, save in respect 
of the Terms and Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus dated [●], as supplemented on [●] (the 
"Original Base Prospectus")] Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus[, save in 
1
Only include the legend if the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will be offered in Singapore. 
2
Delete bracketed text in the case of unlisted securities.

--- Page 178 ---
172 
respect of the Terms and Conditions which are extracted from the Original Base Prospectus]. The Base Prospectus 
[and the Original Base Prospectus] [is/are] available electronically at https://live.euronext.com. The Base Prospectus 
is available for viewing during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of 
the Issuer and Paying Agent for the time being in London, and copies may be obtained from such office. Words and 
expressions defined in the Base Prospectus and not defined in this document shall bear the same meanings when 
used herein.. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. To the best of its knowledge 
and belief, the information contained in these Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and does not contain 
anything likely to affect the import of such information.  
Investors should refer to the sections headed "Risk Factors" in the Base Prospectus for a discussion of certain 
matters that should be considered when making a decision to invest in the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes. 
The distribution of this document and the offer of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession these Final Terms come are required by the 
Bank to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Details of selling restrictions for various 
jurisdictions are set out in "Clearance, Settlement and Transfer Restrictions" and "Purchase and Sale" in the Base 
Prospectus. In particular, the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes have not been, and will not be, registered 
under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are subject to US tax law requirements. 
Barclays 
Final Terms dated [Issue Date]

--- Page 179 ---
173 
Part A 
Terms and Conditions of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
[Rule 144A Global Notes (as defined herein) may be deposited in DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Base Prospectus, Registered Notes of each Class sold to 
qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act may initially be represented 
by a global restricted note (each a "Rule 144A Global Note") without interest coupons, which will be deposited 
with a common depositary on behalf of DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear.] 
Parties 
Issuer: 
Barclays Bank PLC 
Administrator: 
Barclays Bank PLC 
Issue and Paying Agent: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London 
branch] 
[●] 
Registrar: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon] [The Bank of New York 
Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch] 
 
[N/A] 
Paying Agents: 
[The 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
Mellon] 
[The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg 
Branch] 
[Other (specify)] 
[N/A] 
Calculation Agent: 
[The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London 
branch] 
[●] 
Additional Agents: 
[●] 
[N/A] 
Provisions relating to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
1. 
Class(es): 
[●]  
2. 
Currency: 
[●]
3. 
Class details: 
(i)(a) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount as at the 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(i)(b) 
Tranche [●]:3
[●]
3
Insert Tranche number. Insert additional lines in the event of multiple further issues.

--- Page 180 ---
174 
(i)(c) 
Aggregate Nominal Amount as at the 
Tranche [●] Issue Date: 4
[●] 
(ii) Specified Denomination: 
[●] 
[N.B. The minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on a regulated exchange in the European Economic 
Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the 
European Economic Area in circumstances which would 
otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation is €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency) or such other higher amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant specified currency.] 
(iii) Calculation Amount: 
[Aggregate Nominal Amount] [●] [If only one Specified 
Denomination, insert the Specified Denomination. If more 
than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest common 
factor. NB: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.]
(iv) Seller 
[●] 
(v) Custodian(s) 
[●] 
(vi) Security Agreement 
[●] 
4. 
Form: 
(i) Global/Uncertificated and dematerialised: 
[Global Bearer Notes:] 
[Temporary Global Note Exchangeable for Permanent 
Global Note] 
[Permanent Global Note] 
[Global Registered Notes:] 
[Regulation S Global Note; and/or Rule 144A Global Note 
available on the Issue Date] 
[Definitive Registered Securities:] 
[Where the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
issued in NGN Form are intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, add the following 
wording, as applicable: delivered to a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream]
[Where the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
issued in registered form and held under NSS are intended to 
be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility, add the following wording, as applicable: 
delivered to, and registered in the name of, a nominee for a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream] 
(ii) NGN Form: 
[Applicable] 
4
Insert number of Tranche issued pursuant to these Final Terms.

--- Page 181 ---
175 
[N/A] 
(iii) Held under the NSS: 
[Applicable]  
[N/A] 
(iv) CGN Form: 
[Applicable] 
[N/A] 
(v) CDIs: 
[Applicable]  
[N/A] 
5. 
Trade Date: 
(i) Original Trade Date: 
[●] 
(ii) Tranche [●] Trade Date: 5
[●] 
6. 
Issue Date: 
(i) Original Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii)  Tranche [●] Issue Date: 6
[●] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
8. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable) 
9. 
Relevant Stock Exchange[s]: 
[Euronext Dublin]  
[[●] (specify exchange)]  
[N/A] 
Provisions relating to interest (if any) payable on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes
10. 
Interest: 
[Applicable]  
[N/A] 
11. 
Interest Amount/Broken Amount: 
Interest Amount: [The Interest Amount is [●]] [N/A] [As per 
Conditions 3 and 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
Broken Amount: [The Broken Amount is [●]] [N/A] [As per 
Conditions 3 and 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
12. 
Interest Rate[s]: 
(i) Fixed Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum  
[N/A] 
(ii) Floating Rate: 
[ISDA Determination] 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
5
Insert Tranche number. Insert additional lines in the event of multiple further issues. 
6
Insert Tranche number. Insert additional lines in the event of multiple further issues.

--- Page 182 ---
176 
[Bank of England Base Rate Determination] 
[N/A] 
(iii) Variable Rate: 
[N/A] 
(iv) Zero Coupon: 
(a) Accrual Yield: 
(b) Reference Price: 
(c) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Optional Redemption Amounts:  
[N/A] [Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
[●]
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
(v) Discount note: 
(a) Fixed Rate: 
(b) Floating Rate: 
(c) Accrual Yield:  
[N/A] [Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[[●] per cent. per annum]  
[N/A] 
[ISDA Determination] 
[Screen Rate Determination] 
[Bank of England Base Rate Determination] 
[N/A]  
[[●] per cent. per annum] 
13. 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable] 
[N/A] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR] 
[AUD LIBOR] 
[CAD LIBOR] 
[CHF LIBOR] 
[DKK LIBOR] 
[EUR LIBOR] 
[GBP LIBOR] 
[JPY LIBOR] 
[NZD LIBOR] 
[SEK LIBOR] 
[USD LIBOR]  
[SONIA] 
[SOFR]  
[€STR] 
[OBFR]

--- Page 183 ---
177 
[Constant Maturity Swap Rate] 
(ii) Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Bloomberg Page SONIO/N Index]/[New York Federal 
Reserve's Website]/[ECB's Website]  
(iii) Relevant Time: 
[[●] in the Relevant Financial Centre]/[Not Applicable7] 
(iii) Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
(iv) Calculation Method: 
[Weighted Average/Compounded Daily/Not Applicable] 
(v) Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Observation Shift/Payment Delay/Not 
Applicable] 
(vi) 
Observation Look-back Period 
[●]/[Not Applicable]8
(vii) Rate Cut-off Date: 
[The date falling [•] Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable - used 
for Payment Delay only]9/[OBFR Rate Cut-Off Date]/[Not 
Applicable]  
Insert only if Index Determination is applicable
(i) 
SONIA Compounded Index: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
SOFR Compounded Index: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[●]/The day falling the Relevant Number of Index Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, or such other 
date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which, by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions, is excluded from the relevant Interest Period)] 
(iv) 
Relevant Decimal Place: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions]10
(v) 
Relevant Number: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
(vi) 
Numerator: 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
14. 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]  
[N/A] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
7 Select "Not Applicable" for SONIA, SOFR or €STR.
8 The Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days before the Interest Payment Date as the Interest Determination 
Date. "Observation Look-back Period" is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation Method; otherwise, 
select "Not Applicable". 
9 The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, unless otherwise agreed 
with the Agent.
10 This should be a number that is five or greater where Compounded Daily SONIA is applicable and two or greater where Compounded Daily 
SOFR is applicable.

--- Page 184 ---
178 
(ii) Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
(iii) Reset Date: 
[●]
15. 
[Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate: 
[EURIBOR/ AUD LIBOR/ CAD LIBOR/ CHF LIBOR/ 
DKK LIBOR/ EUR LIBOR/ GBP LIBOR/ JPY LIBOR/ 
NZD LIBOR/ SEK LIBOR/ USD LIBOR/ SONIA/ SOFR/ 
€STR/ OBFR]] 
16.  
Margin 
[Plus/Minus] [●]
[N/A] 
17. 
Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate: 
[Applicable] 
[N/A] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) Minimum Interest Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum  
[N/A] 
(ii) Maximum Interest Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
[N/A] 
18. 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Issue Date]  
[ (specify date)]  
[N/A] 
19. 
Interest Determination Date: 
[As per Conditions 3 and 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes]  
[Arrears Setting applicable] 
[ (specify date)] 
20. 
Interest Periods: 
[As defined in Condition 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes]  
[N/A] 
(i) Interest Period End Dates: 
[Each Interest Payment Date]  
[ (specify date(s))]  
[N/A] 
(ii) Interest calculation method for short or long 
Interest Periods: 
[Linear Interpolation] 
[N/A] 
(iii) Interest Accrual Post Acceleration Event:  
[Yes][No] 
21. 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[●] in each year]  
[Maturity Date]  
[(specify date)]  
[N/A] 
[specify whether relevant date(s) are subject to adjustment in 
accordance with Condition 5.2, which will not normally be 
the case for Fixed Rate Notes: The Interest Payment Date(s) 
are subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business

--- Page 185 ---
179 
Day Convention set out in item 32 below] 
22. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis]  
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [At par]  
Optional Redemption 
24. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable] 
[N/A]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) Optional Redemption Amount:  
[●] 
[[●] per Calculation Amount per Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note as at the Issue Date, subject to 
Condition 5.3 of the Conditions of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes] 
[N/A] 
(ii)  Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[As defined in Condition 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
[N/A] 
(iii) Issuer Option Exercise Date(s): 
[As defined in Condition 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
(iv) Issuer Option Exercise Period: 
[As defined in Condition 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
[●] 
[N/A] 
(v) Issuer Notice Period: 
[As per Condition 4.3 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
[(specify period)]  
[N/A] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which, in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements that may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Issue and Paying Agent

--- Page 186 ---
180 
25. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable] 
[N/A]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
[[●] per Calculation Amount per Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note as at the Issue Date, subject to 
Condition 5.3 of the Conditions of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes] 
[As defined in Condition 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[As defined in Condition 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
[(specify date)] 
[N/A] 
(iii) Put Option Exercise Date(s): 
[As defined in Condition 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
[(specify date)] 
[N/A] 
(iv) Put Option Exercise Period: 
[As defined in Condition 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
[(specify period)] 
[N/A] 
(v) Put Notice Period: 
[As per Condition 4.2 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
[(specify date)] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which, in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements that may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Issue and Paying Agent)
26. 
Extension Option: 
[Applicable] 
[N/A] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) Minimum Extendible Amount: 
[●]  
[multiple of $1,000 in excess of [●], subject to Condition 4.5 
of the Conditions of the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes] 
(ii) Extension Option Notice Period: 
[(specify period)] 
[N/A]

--- Page 187 ---
181 
[as per Condition 4.5 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
(iii)  Extension Option Exercise Date(s):   
[(specify date)] 
[N/A] 
[As defined in Condition 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
(iv)  Extension Option Exercise Period:   
[(specify date)] 
[N/A] 
[As defined in Condition 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
(v)  Extension Period:   
[(specify period)] 
[N/A] 
(vi)  Final Maturity Date 
[(specify date)] 
[N/A] 
27. 
Make-Whole Redemption Option: 
[Applicable] 
[N/A]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) Make-Whole Redemption Amount:  
[●]  
[[●] per Calculation Amount per Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note as at the Issue Date, subject to 
Condition 5.3 of the Conditions of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes] 
[As defined in Condition 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
[N/A] 
(ii)  Make-Whole Redemption Date(s): 
[As defined in Condition 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
[N/A] 
(iii)  Issuer Make-Whole Redemption Notice 
Period: 
[As per Condition 4.7 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
[(specify period)]  
[N/A] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised to 
consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which, in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as 
any other notice requirements that may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Issue and Paying Agent 
(iv)  Redemption Margin: 
[●]

--- Page 188 ---
182 
(v)  Redemption Rate: 
[●]  
Definitions
28.
Business Day:
[As defined in Condition 22 of the Conditions of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes] 
[(specify)] 
29.
Additional Business Centre(s):
[●] 
[N/A] 
[NB: Items 24 and 25 will be relevant for all Notes issued 
under the Programme as they relate to "place of 
presentation" under Condition 6.7] 
30. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[●] 
Selling restrictions and provisions relating to 
certification 
31.
Non-US Selling Restrictions:
[As described in section "Purchase and Sale" of the Base 
Prospectus] 
[N/A] 
32.
Applicable TEFRA exemption:
[TEFRA: C Rules Applicable] 
[TEFRA: D Rules Applicable] 
[Excluded Issue]
General 
33.
Business Day Convention:
[Following] 
[Modified Following] 
[Nearest] 
[Preceding] 
[See note to item 20 above] 
34.
Relevant Clearing System[s]:
[Euroclear] 
[Clearstream] 
[DTC] 
[(specify)] 
[specify details including address if different] 
35. 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names [and addresses] of 
Dealers [and underwriting 
commitments]:
[give names and addresses and underwriting commitments] 
[N/A] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name [and address] of 
relevant Dealer: 
[●]
[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] [Rule 144A] [Rule 144] 
[Section 4(a)(2)]

--- Page 189 ---
183 
36. 
Relevant securities codes: 
ISIN: [●] 
CEI: [●] 
FISN: [●]
Common Code: [●] 
[Valoren: [●]]
[WKN: [●]] 
[CUSIP: [●]]
[(specify)]

--- Page 190 ---
184 
Part B 
Other Information 
1. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Ireland] 
[(specify] 
[None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading:
[Application has been made to the [Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin/ Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] for the Class of Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes to be admitted to the Official List 
and trading on its regulated market with effect from [●].] 
[Application is expected to be made to the [Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin / Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange] for the Class of Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes to be admitted the Official List and 
trading on its regulated market] on or around the Issue 
Date.] 
[N/A]  
[The Notes are to be consolidated and form a single 
series with the Original Notes, which are listed on the 
Official List and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the [Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin / Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
Ratings 
[The Issuer has not submitted the Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes for an individual 
rating.] 
[Upon issuance, the Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are expected to be rated: 
[S&P: [●]] 
[Moody's: [●]] 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes to be issued have been specifically rated, that rating.]
[The credit rating[s] referred to above will be treated for the purposes of Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") as having been issued by [S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited][Moody's Deutscheland Gmbh][S&P Global Ratings UK Limited], which is 
established in the European Union and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert credit rating agency]]: [●]] 
[The credit rating referred to above will be treated for the purposes of Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") as having been issued by [[Insert credit

--- Page 191 ---
185 
rating agency]]. 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is established in the European Union and 
is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). [As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity] is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with such Regulation].] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Union and is not registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). [Insert the 
legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is therefore not included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with such Regulation].] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). The ratings [[have been]/[are expected to be]] endorsed by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU-registered credit rating agency entity] in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. [Insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU-registered credit rating agency entity] is established in the European Union 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation [As such [insert the legal name of the relevant EU credit 
rating agency entity] is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "EU CRA Regulation", but it [is]/[has applied to be] certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation [[ [EITHER:] and it is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation] [[OR:] although 
notification of the corresponding certification decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent 
authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation].]
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is established in the European Union and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent authority[ and 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with 
such Regulation].] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU 
CRA Regulation"). However, the application for registration under the EU CRA Regulation of [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU credit rating agency entity that applied for registration], which is established 
in the European Union, disclosed the intention to endorse credit ratings of [insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity][, although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant competent authority and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is not included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation].] 
[The above additional disclosure in respect of the relevant credit rating agencies is only required in Final 
Terms for Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Union.] 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the [Issue/Offer]
[Need to include a description of any interests, including conflicting ones, that are material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of

--- Page 192 ---
186 
the following statement:
Save as discussed in ["Purchase and Sale" of the Base Prospectus], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the offer of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
[N/A] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
Net Proceeds
[Include the use and estimated net amount of the proceeds.] 
5. 
Reasons for the Offer
[See the paragraph entitled "Use of Proceeds" in the "General Information" section of the Base Prospectus]
[specify if other reasons] 
6. 
Fixed Rate Securities Only – Yield 
[Indication of yield:
[●]
[N/A] 
[As set out above, the][The] yield is calculated at the 
Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.] 
7. 
Floating Rate Securities Only – Historic Interest Rates
[Details of historic rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
[N/A]
8.
Benchmarks Regulation (Floating Rate Notes only) 
The below is provided in connection with the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) of 
8 June 2016 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). 
(a) 
Name of "benchmark administrator" 
as described in the Benchmarks 
Regulation: 
[ ] 
(b) 
Such 
"benchmark 
administrator" 
appears 
on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators maintained pursuant to 
Article 36 
of 
the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation: 
[Yes][No] 
9. 
Operational Information 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the

--- Page 193 ---
187 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper [(and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common Safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes that are to be held 
under the NSS]. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the International 
Central Securities Depositaries ("ICSDs") as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee of 
one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper,] 
[include this text for Registered Notes that are to be held 
under the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem, either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.][include this text if "yes" selected, in 
which case the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes must be issued in NGN Form or be held under the 
NSS] 
10. 
Collateral Eligibility Statement: 
[Clearstream 
Banking, 
société 
anonyme]
[BNYM (European System)] 
[BNYM (US System)] 
[JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.] 
[J.P. Morgan Bank Luxembourg S.A.] 
[BNYM (Mortgage Repo)] 
[(specify the name and form of Collateral Eligibility 
Statement(s) relating to the relevant Custodian and, 
where applicable, its identification number)] 
11. 
Eligible Securities: 
[NB: For each category of Eligible Securities, specify 
the relevant information using terminology from the 
applicable Collateral Eligibility Statement(s). Repeat 
list as necessary for each subsequent category] 
[N/A] [The information below is derived from the Collateral Eligibility Statement prepared by the Issuer 
using the form provided by the applicable Custodian. For each Repurchase Transaction relating to the Class 
subject to these Final Terms, the completed Collateral Eligibility Statement for such Repurchase 
Transaction will be consistent with the principal characteristics of the Eligible Securities as described 
below.] [Margin ratios will be applied in accordance with the terms set forth in the Collateral Eligibility 
Statement.] See the section headed Eligible Securities. 
(i) 
Category of issuer(s): 
[●] [N/A] (specify category of eligible issuers as

--- Page 194 ---
188 
identified in the applicable Collateral Eligibility 
Statement) 
(ii) 
Security/issuer rating: 
[●] [N/A] 
(iii) 
Specific issuer(s) included: 
[●] [N/A] 
(iv) 
Specific issuer(s) excluded 
[●] [N/A] 
(v) 
Specific country(ies) included: 
[●] [N/A] 
(vi) 
Specific country(ies) excluded 
[●] [N/A]
(vii) 
Eligible security type: 
[●] [N/A] (specify security type using exact terminology 
set forth in applicable Collateral Eligibility Statement)
(viii) 
Denomination currency(ies) 
[●] [N/A] 
(ix) 
Specific security identification number 
(s) excluded 
[●] [N/A] 
(x) 
Concentration limits: 
[●] [N/A] 
(xi) 
Maturity range: 
[From [●] ] [Up to [●]] [N/A] 
(xii) 
Exchanges: 
[●] [N/A] 
(xiii) 
Indices/description: 
[●] [N/A] 
(xiv) 
Equity indices of underlying stock: 
[●] [N/A]
(xv) 
Eligible currencies for cash collateral: 
[●] [N/A]
(xvi) 
Minimum collateral value: 
[●] [N/A]
(xvii)  
Restricted Securities Collateral:
[Yes. Pursuant to the Restricted Securities Collateral 
Protocol applicable to Visa B Common Stock, Transfer 
of any Restricted Securities Collateral consisting of 
Class B Common Stock shall be prohibited to any 
Person other than (a) to a Transferee that is a Permitted 
Restricted Securities Collateral, pursuant to Section 
4.25(a)(iv) of the Certificate of Incorporation of Visa 
Inc. and in accordance with a Visa Inc. Class B 
Common Stock Transfer Letter; and (b) to a Transferee 
that is an Affiliate of the Transferor, pursuant to Section 
4.25(a)(v) of the Certificate of Incorporation of Visa Inc. 
and in accordance with a Visa Inc. Class B Common 
Stock Transfer Letter. Visa B Common Stock shall be 
an Eligible Security.] [N/A]]

--- Page 195 ---
189 
12. 
Eligible Assets (Mortgage Repo Classes):
[N/A] [For each Repurchase Transaction relating to the Mortgage Repo Class subject to these Final Terms, the 
completed Collateral Eligibility Statement for such Repurchase Transaction will be consistent with the principal 
characteristics of the Eligible Assets as described below. See the section headed Exhibit I—Eligible Assets. 
In addition to cash ("Category A"), Mortgage Loans of the indicated categories below will be Eligible Assets for 
purposes of such Class: 

Agency Eligible Loans (new origination) and FHA Modifications ("Category B")  
[Yes/No] 

Agency "wet" Loans ("Category C") 
[Yes/No] 

HECM Buyouts (active) ("Category D") 
 
[Yes/No] 

FHA Buyout/HECM Buyouts (inactive) ("Category E") 
[Yes/No] 

Qualified Jumbo Loans ("Category F") 
[Yes/No] 

Small Balance Commercial Mortgages ("Category G") 
[Yes/No] 

Non-Qualified Mortgages ("Category H") 
 
[Yes/No] 

Residential Transition Loans ("Category I")  
[Yes/No] 

HECM Mortgages ("Category J")  
[Yes/No] 

Reverse Mortgages ("Category K"); and 
 
[Yes/No] 

Seasoned ("Category L") 
[Yes/No] 

Commercial Mortgage Loans that are not  
Small Balance Commercial Mortgage Loans ("Category M")  
[Yes/No] 
; provided that, Eligible Securities, if any, indicated in paragraph 11 above may constitute Eligible Assets subject to 
the Security Agreement and Custodial Agreements indicated in these Final Terms at any time no Mortgage Repo 
Collateral is then included as Class Collateral, and provided further that: 
(i)  any Mortgage Loan that is or becomes real estate owned shall cease to be an Eligible Asset at the time 
of the related foreclosure; 
(ii)  any Mortgage Loan as to which future draws are available to the borrower shall cease to be an Eligible 
Asset upon any default in performance by the related Underlying Seller; 
(iii)  any Mortgage Loan shall cease to be an Eligible Asset on the last day of any permitted refinancing 
period established by HUD or FHA with respect to such type of Mortgage Loan; and 
(iv)  any Mortgage Loan shall cease to be an Eligible Asset if the Seller is aware the related servicer 
therefor does not have, or has not maintained as current, the requisite licenses and approvals for the applicable 
mortgage loan type, or if the Seller has terminated such servicer's servicing rights with respect to such Mortgage 
Loan, and in either case, a replacement Servicer has not been appointed within forty-five (45) days or such shorter 
period as may be required by applicable law or government or Agency guidelines.]

--- Page 196 ---
190 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE GLOBAL COLLATERALISED MEDIUM TERM NOTES 
The following are the Base Conditions that will apply to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. In all cases, 
the Base Conditions shall be subject to the applicable Final Terms, and will not apply to the extent they are 
inconsistent with the provisions of such Final Terms. Words and expressions defined or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Base Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated. All capitalised terms that are not defined in Condition 22 or elsewhere in these Base 
Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the applicable Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed 
on Definitive Notes. References in these Base Conditions to "Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes" are to the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes of one Class only, not to all Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
that may be issued under the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series. 
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are issued by Barclays Bank PLC (or any New Bank Issuer 
substituted in accordance with Condition 14, the "Bank"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and references 
to "Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes" shall be construed accordingly. The Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes are supported by a limited recourse payment undertaking by Barclays CCP Funding LLP (the 
"LLP") limited only to the Collateral expressed in the relevant Security Agreement as applicable to the Class held 
by such Noteholder (the "LLP Undertaking"). Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are issued pursuant to the 
Agency Agreement in respect of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and with the benefit of a Deed of 
Covenant dated as of the Series Closing Date, as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated as at the 
Issue Date (the "Deed of Covenant") executed by the Issuer. The date of execution of the GCMTN Series 
Documents is referred to herein as the Series Closing Date (the "Series Closing Date"). 
These Base Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
The Noteholders, holders of interest coupons (and, where applicable, talons for further coupons ("Talons")) 
(the "Coupons", which term shall be deemed to include Talons) relating to interest bearing Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes in bearer form are entitled to the benefit of, and are deemed to have notice of and are bound 
by, the provisions of the Agency Agreement (insofar as they relate to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
and/or Coupons) and the applicable Final Terms, which are binding on them. Copies of the Agency Agreement and 
the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer and the specified offices of 
the Paying Agents, the Transfer Agents and the Registrars. The calculation agent, the issue and paying agent, the 
registrar, the paying agents and the transfer agents for the time being are referred to respectively as the "Calculation 
Agent", the "Issue and Paying Agent", the "Registrar", the "Paying Agents", and the "Transfer Agents". 
"Agents" means the Calculation Agent and the Issue and Paying Agent together with, in the case of such Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes"), the other Paying Agents and, in the case of 
such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes"), the Registrar and the other 
Transfer Agents, and any other agent or agents appointed from time to time in respect of such Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the initial Agents shall be as follows: 
(a)
the initial Calculation Agent shall be The Bank of New York Mellon;
(b)
the initial Issue and Paying Agent shall be The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London 
branch;
(c)
the initial Registrar in respect of Registered Notes shall be The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., 
Luxembourg Branch (the "Luxembourg Registrar") in respect of Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes that are distributed outside the United States and shall be The Bank of New York Mellon (acting 
through its New York branch) in respect of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that are 
distributed within the United States (the "NY Registrar" and, together with the Luxembourg Registrar, 
the "Registrars" and each a "Registrar");
(d)
the initial Paying Agents in respect of Bearer Notes shall be the initial Issue and Paying Agent together 
with The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Luxembourg Branch (the "Luxembourg Agent") in 
respect of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that are distributed outside the United States and

--- Page 197 ---
191 
The Bank of New York Mellon (acting through its New York branch) in respect of Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes that are distributed within the United States (the "New York Agent");
(e)
the initial Transfer Agents in respect of Registered Notes shall be the initial Issue and Paying Agent 
together with the Luxembourg Agent in respect of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that are 
distributed outside the United States and the New York Agent in respect of Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes that are distributed within the United States; and
(f)
the initial Exchange Agent shall be The Bank of New York Mellon (acting through its New York branch) 
in respect of Cleared Notes for which DTC is the Relevant Clearing System. 
In connection with any issue of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, the Issuer may appoint agents other 
than, or additional to, the Agents specified above. Such other or additional Agents shall be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. References in these Base Conditions or the applicable Final Terms to Agents shall be to the 
initial Agents specified above, as applicable, or as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or the then current 
Successor (whether direct or indirect) of such Agent appointed in accordance with these Base Conditions, the 
applicable Final Terms and the Agency Agreement with respect to such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes of any Class are subject to these Base Conditions, together with the 
applicable Final Terms. The specific terms of each Class will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer 
reserves the right to amend or replace Final Terms to present new or corrected information in compliance with the 
provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
1.
Form, Title and Transfer 
1.1
Form
(a)
Form of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will be issued in bearer form as Bearer Notes (with or without 
Coupons) or in registered form as Registered Notes, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Bearer 
Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will initially be issued in global form (which in respect of 
Bearer Notes shall be represented by global bearer securities ("Global Bearer Notes") and in respect of Registered 
Notes shall be represented by global registered securities ("Global Registered Notes"), Global Bearer Notes and 
Global Registered Notes being global securities ("Global Notes")), and may only be exchanged for Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes in definitive form (which in respect of Bearer Notes shall be issued as definitive 
bearer securities ("Definitive Bearer Notes"), and in respect of Registered Notes shall be represented by definitive 
registered securities ("Definitive Registered Notes"), Definitive Bearer Notes and Definitive Registered Notes 
being definitive securities ("Definitive Notes"), with the terms and conditions endorsed on such Definitive Notes) if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or an Exchange Event occurs and Global Notes are to be exchanged for 
Definitive Notes in accordance with the terms of the relevant Global Note. The Issuer will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 if an Exchange Event occurs.  
Bearer Notes will be issued in compliance with requirements necessary to qualify such Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes as "foreign targeted obligations" that will be exempt from Code Section 4701 
excise tax. In order to comply with such requirements, Bearer Notes with a maturity of more than one year will be 
issued in compliance with the D Rules unless (i) the applicable Final Terms state that the Bearer Notes are issued in 
compliance with the C Rules or (ii) the Bearer Notes are issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C 
Rules but in circumstances in which the Bearer Notes will not constitute "registration required obligations" under 
section 4701(b) of the United States Internal Revenue Code (an "Excluded Issue"), which circumstances will be 
referred to in the applicable Final Terms as an Excluded Issue. 
(b)
Initial Issue of Global Notes

--- Page 198 ---
192 
If "NGN Form" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms with respect to a Global Bearer 
Note or the applicable Final Terms specify that a Global Registered Note is to be held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure ("NSS"), such Global Bearer Note or Global Registered Note will be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Class to a common safekeeper (a "Common Safekeeper"). Depositing the Global Bearer Note or 
the Global Registered Note with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
If "CGN Form" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Global Note will be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the Class to a common depositary (a "Common Depositary") for the Relevant Clearing 
System. 
If the Global Note is in CGN Form or is a Global Registered Note held under NSS, upon the initial deposit 
of such Global Note with a Common Depositary or, as the case may be, Common Safekeeper and, in the case of a 
Global Registered Note, its registration in the name of a nominee for the Common Depositary or, as the case may 
be, Common Safekeeper, the Relevant Clearing System will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid.  
If the Global Note is in NGN Form, the nominal amount of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
shall be the relevant aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of the Relevant Clearing System. For 
purposes of a Global Note in NGN Form, the records of the Relevant Clearing System shall be conclusive evidence 
of the nominal amount of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, represented by such Global Note and a 
statement issued by the Relevant Clearing System at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
Relevant Clearing System at that time. 
(c)
Exchange of Global Notes 
Each Class of Bearer Notes issued in compliance with the D Rules will be initially issued in the form of a 
temporary global security in bearer form (a "Temporary Global Note") and will be exchangeable, free of charge to 
the holder, on and after its Exchange Date, in whole or in part, upon certification as to non-US beneficial ownership 
in the form set out in the Agency Agreement for interests in a permanent bearer global security (a "Permanent 
Global Note"). 
Each Class of Bearer Notes issued in compliance with the C Rules or in respect of which TEFRA does not 
apply will be initially issued in the form of a Permanent Global Note. 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange 
Date, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
Temporary Global Notes will not be exchangeable for Definitive Notes. 
If the Global Note is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder of such Global Note may 
surrender it or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of the Issue and Paying 
Agent. In exchange for any such Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the case of a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note (other than a Global Bearer Note in NGN 
Form), deliver, or procure the delivery of, a Permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of 
the whole or that part of the Temporary Global Note that is being exchanged and, endorse, or procure the 
endorsement of, a Permanent Global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the case of a Global Note (other than a 
Global Bearer Note in NGN form) exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal 
aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Notes or (iii) if the Global Note is a Global 
Bearer Note in NGN Form, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records of 
the Relevant Clearing System. On exchange in full of each Permanent Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so 
requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes.

--- Page 199 ---
193 
(d)
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes of each Class which are sold in an "offshore transaction" within the meaning of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Unrestricted Notes") will be represented by interests in a Regulation S 
Global Note, without Coupons, deposited with, and registered in the name of, a Common Depositary or a Common 
Safekeeper on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System on its issue date. 
Registered Notes of each Class resold pursuant to Rule 144A of the Securities Act ("Restricted Notes") 
will be represented by a Rule 144A Global Note, without Coupons, deposited with either (i) a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC or (ii) a Common Depositary or a Common Safekeeper on behalf of the 
Relevant Clearing System on its issue date. 
1.2
Denomination
The applicable Final Terms will specify, among other things, the denomination or denominations (each a 
"Specified Denomination") in which such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are issued, the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount, the Issue Price per Global Collateralised Medium Term Note, the relevant Currency and the 
Calculation Amount per Global Collateralised Medium Term Note as at the Issue Date. All Registered Notes of a 
Class shall have the same Specified Denomination. 
1.3
Title
Title to Bearer Notes and any Coupons passes by delivery and title to Registered Notes passes by 
registration in the Register that the Issuer shall procure is kept by the Registrar in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. 
The Issuer and the relevant Agents shall (except as otherwise required by law or ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction) deem and treat the holder (as defined herein) of any Bearer Note, Coupon or Registered 
Note as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Global Note 
representing it) or its theft or loss) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
In these Base Conditions, "Noteholder" means the bearer of any Bearer Note or the person in whose name a 
Registered Note is registered, and "holder" means, in relation to a Bearer Note or Coupon, the bearer of such Bearer 
Note or Coupon and, in relation to a Registered Note, the person in whose name such Registered Note is registered. 
1.4
Transfers
(a)
Transfer of Bearer Notes 
Subject to Condition 1.4(c), Bearer Notes and Coupons will be transferred by delivery. 
(b)
Transfer of Registered Notes 
Subject to Condition 1.4(c), Registered Notes may be transferred upon the surrender (at the specified office 
of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the relevant Definitive Registered Note or Global Registered Note 
(provided such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note is not a Cleared Note) representing such Registered Notes 
to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Definitive Registered Note or Global 
Registered Note (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations 
and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other 
evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a 
holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Definitive Registered Note or Global Registered Note (provided 
such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note is not a Cleared Note), a new Definitive Registered Note shall be 
issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Definitive Registered Note or Global 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor. All transfers

--- Page 200 ---
194 
of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning transfers of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes scheduled to the Agency Agreement. 
The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written approval of the Registrar and each Noteholder. 
A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar, to the extent provided to it, to any 
Noteholder upon request. For the avoidance of doubt, if Registered Notes are Cleared Notes, then all (and not some 
only) of the Registered Notes of the same Class shall be Cleared Notes. 
Investors in the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are referred to the Sections in the Base 
Prospectus headed "Purchase and Sale" and "Clearance, Settlement and Transfer Restrictions". 
(c)
Transfer of Cleared Notes 
Notwithstanding Conditions 1.4(a) and (b), transfers of beneficial interests in Cleared Notes may only be 
effected in accordance with the Relevant Rules. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are to be 
represented by a Permanent Global Note on issue, the following will apply in respect of transfers of Cleared Notes. 
These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes within the 
Relevant Clearing System whilst they are held on behalf of such Relevant Clearing System, but will limit the 
circumstances in which the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may be withdrawn from the Relevant 
Clearing System. 
Transfers of the holding of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes represented by any Global Note 
pursuant to Condition 1.4(b) may only be made in part: 
(i)
if an Exchange Event occurs; or 
(ii)
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding of Registered Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 1.4(c), the registered holder has given the Registrar not less than 10 Business Days' written notice at its 
specified office of the registered holder's intention to effect such transfer. 
Investors in the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are referred to the Sections in the Base 
Prospectus headed "Purchase and Sale", "Clearance, Settlement and Transfer Restrictions" and "Book-entry 
Procedures for Rule 144A Global Notes Deposited with DTC". 
(d)
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer's or Noteholder's option in respect of, or a partial redemption of, 
a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Definitive Registered Note or Global Registered Note, as the 
case may be, a new Definitive Registered Note or, as the case may be, Global Registered Note shall be issued to the 
holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a 
partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the same holding having different terms, a separate 
Definitive Registered Note or Global Registered Note shall be issued in respect of those Registered Notes of that 
holding that have the same terms. New Definitive Registered Notes shall only be issued against surrender of the 
relevant existing Definitive Registered Note or Global Registered Note to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the 
case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Definitive 
Registered Note representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the Definitive Registered 
Note or Global Registered Note representing the existing holding. 
(e)
Delivery of New Registered Notes 
Each new Definitive Registered Note or Global Registered Note to be issued pursuant to Condition 1.4(b) 
or (d) shall be available for delivery within three business days of receipt of the form of transfer, the Option Exercise

--- Page 201 ---
195 
Notice or notice of redemption and surrender of the Definitive Registered Note or Global Registered Note, as the 
case may be. Delivery of a new Definitive Registered Note or Global Registered Note shall be made at the specified 
office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom delivery of such form of transfer, the 
relevant Exercise Notice or notice of redemption and surrender of such Definitive Registered Note or Global 
Registered Note shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery and surrender as 
aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of transfer, the relevant Exercise Notice, notice of redemption or 
otherwise in writing shall be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Definitive 
Registered Note or Global Registered Note, to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests 
otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant Agent the costs of such other method of delivery and/or such 
insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 1.4(e), "business day" means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, 
on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent or the 
Registrar. 
(f)
Transfer Free of Charge 
Transfers of Registered Notes will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or 
the Transfer Agents, but upon payment of any Taxes that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Issuer, the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(g)
Registered Note Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during the period of 
15 calendar days ending on the due date for redemption or exercise of that Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Note, (ii) on any day after the date of any Option Exercise Notice delivered by such Noteholder in respect of such 
Registered Note, (iii) during the period of 15 calendar days before any date on which Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to Condition 4.3 or 4.4, (iv) after any 
such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note has been called for redemption or has been exercised or (v) during 
the period of seven calendar days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
2.
Status
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and any Coupons relating to them constitute unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank equally among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and any related Coupons will rank equally with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (except for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application). The Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes do not evidence deposits of the Issuer. The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are not 
insured or guaranteed by any government or government agency. 
The obligations of the LLP under the LLP Undertakings constitute direct, unsubordinated and secured 
limited recourse obligations of the LLP. 
3.
Interest
If the applicable Final Terms specify that interest applies to any Class of Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes, each Global Collateralised Medium Term Note of such Class will bear interest on the applicable 
Principal Amount Outstanding from and including the Interest Commencement Date at a rate or rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) (the "Interest Rate") specified in, or determined in accordance with, the provisions of 
this Condition 3 and applicable Final Terms. Interest will be payable in arrears on the date or dates specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Interest Payment Dates" and each an "Interest Payment Date"). 
If Fixed Rate Notes are issued in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of each Interest Period will amount to the Interest Amount. Payments of 
interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified.

--- Page 202 ---
196 
Except in the case of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes in definitive form where an applicable 
Interest Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Amount payable in 
respect of each Interest Period in respect of any Global Collateralised Medium Term Note will, subject to Condition 
5, be calculated by the Calculation Agent in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period and shall be equal 
to the product of: 
(i)
the applicable Interest Rate, as adjusted, if applicable, in accordance with 
Condition 3.2(d) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – Screen Rate 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFT or €STR); 
(ii)
(a) in the case of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes represented by a Global 
Bearer Note or a Global Registered Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes represented by such Global Note or (b) in the case of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes in definitive form, the applicable Calculation Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii)
the Day Count Fraction for the relevant Interest Period, 
and rounding the resultant figure in accordance with Condition 5.1 (Calculations). 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note in definitive form is a 
multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Note shall, in accordance with Condition 5.3, be the product of the amount for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to be Zero Coupon Notes, 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes of such Class will not bear interest except in respect of any overdue 
principal following the Maturity Date (or such other date as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, the Interest Amount for an Interest Period may be a positive or 
negative value or zero. When the Interest Amount is a negative value (either due to a negative Interest Rate (whether 
a Floating Rate, Variable Rate or otherwise) or by operation of a negative Margin that is added to the Reference 
Rate), the negative Interest Amount shall be offset against the Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, Early 
Redemption Date, Make-Whole Redemption Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable. The Redemption 
Amount may be zero, but may not be a negative value. 
3.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
If "Fixed Rate" is specified as the Interest Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate will be the 
rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3.2
Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement 
(a)
Application: Condition 3.2(b) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – 
Accrual of interest) to 3.2(g) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – ISDA 
Determination) and 3.2(j) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate) to 3.2(m) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark 
Replacement – Notifications etc.) are applicable to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable; Condition 3.2(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – 
Benchmark Replacement) is applicable to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, as the case may, applicable to 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes is not SOFR; and Condition 3.2(i) (Floating Rate

--- Page 203 ---
197 
Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) is 
applicable to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the relevant Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, as the case may be, applicable to the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes is SOFR. 
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes bear interest from (and 
including), the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest Rate payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 6 (Payments and Deliveries). Each Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note will cease to bear interest from (and including) the due date for 
final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
3.2(b) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement − Accrual of interest) (as well 
after as before judgment) until (and including) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due in respect of such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day on which notice is given to the holder of 
such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note that sufficient funds for payment of such sums have 
been received by the Paying Agent. 
(c)
Screen Rate Determination (other than Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or OBFR): If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms is not SONIA, SOFR, €STR or OBFR, the Interest Rate applicable to the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes for each Interest Period will (subject to Condition 3.2(h) 
(Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – Benchmark Replacement) and 
Condition 3.2(j) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – Maximum or 
Minimum Interest Rate)) be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(i)
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
(ii)
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, where: 
(A)
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of 
time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
(B)
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period,  
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the 
Determination Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it determines appropriate; and 
(iii)
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iv)
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii)

--- Page 204 ---
198 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Issuer will: 
(A)
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide to the Calculation Agent a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime 
banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B)
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v)
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates quoted by major banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European 
banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the 
case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with 
the above provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Interest Rate applicable to the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and 
the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
(i)
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, Index Determination is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as not applicable and the Reference Rate specified in the relevant 
Final Terms is SONIA, SOFR or €STR: 
(A)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily", the Interest Rate applicable 
to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes for each Interest Period will 
(subject to Condition 3.2(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark 
Replacement – Benchmark Replacement) or 3.2(i) (Floating Rate Note Provisions 
and Benchmark Replacement – Benchmark Transition Event), as the case may be, 
and Condition 3.2(j) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement 
– Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate) and subject as provided below) be the 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(B)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being "Weighted Average", the Interest Rate applicable 
to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes for each Interest Period will 
(subject to Condition 3.2(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark 
Replacement – Benchmark Replacement) or 3.2(i) (Floating Rate Note Provisions 
and Benchmark Replacement – Benchmark Transition Event), as the case may be, 
and Condition 3.2(j) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement 
– Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate) and subject as provided below) be the 
Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant

--- Page 205 ---
199 
Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(ii)
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
Condition 3.2(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement - 
Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA rate shall be: 
(A)
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, 
if earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a 
SONIA reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads); or 
(B)
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate published 
on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which the SONIA rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors), 
and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, and without prejudice to Condition 3.2(h) (Floating 
Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement - Benchmark Replacement), in the 
event of the Bank of England publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, in 
accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, follow such guidance in order to determine 
the SONIA rate, for purposes of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, for so long 
as the SONIA rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
(iii)
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
Condition 3.2(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement - 
Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such 
Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first preceding Business Day on which the SOFR 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page ("r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(iv)
where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
Condition 3.2(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement - 
Benchmark Replacement), if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Reference Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such 
Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first preceding Business Day on which the €STR 
was published on the Relevant Screen Page; ("r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(v)
In the event that the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, subject to Condition 
3.2(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – Benchmark 
Replacement) or 3.2(i) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – 
Benchmark Transition Event), as the case may be, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period 
shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though

--- Page 206 ---
200 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest 
Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the relevant Interest Period, 
in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period), (ii) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest 
Period for the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, the initial Interest Rate which 
would have been applicable to such Series for the first Interest Period had the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement 
Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate 
applicable to the first Interest Period) or (iii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, the Interest Rate that applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period.  
(vi)
If the relevant Series become due and payable in accordance with Condition 7 
(Acceleration Events), the last Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant Final Terms, be deemed to be the date 
on which such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes became due and payable and the 
Interest Rate on such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note remains outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
(vii)
For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(d) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark 
Replacement – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR): 
If "Payment Delay" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, all 
references in these Conditions to interest on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
being payable on an Interest Payment Date shall be read as reference to interest on the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes being payable on an Effective Interest Payment 
Date instead; 
"Applicable Period" means, 
(A)
where "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Period; and 
(B)
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, Observation Period; 
"Business Day" or "BD", means, (i) where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate, 
any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; (ii) where "SOFR" is 
specified as the Reference Rate, any day which is a U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which banking institutions 
in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; and (iii) where 
"€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate, a TARGET Settlement Day; 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with the 
applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms and further provided 
for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the

--- Page 207 ---
201 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards:  
"D" is the number specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"d" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period; 
"do" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such 
Applicable Period; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro 
short-term rate for such euro Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website of 
the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
as 
at 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the European 
Central Bank (the "ECB's Website") in each case, on or before 9:00 a.m., (Central 
European Time) on the euro Business Day immediately following such Business Day; 
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day following the Interest 
Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
"ni", for any Business Day "i" in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following 
Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement 
Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" Business Days prior 
to such earlier date, if any, on which the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period: 
(A)
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified five 
Business Days); 
(B)
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, zero; 
(C)
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant 
Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the Observation Look-back 
Period specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, 
five Business Days);

--- Page 208 ---
202 
"r" means: 
(A)
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate and 
either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day; 
(B)
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate and 
either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day; 
(C)
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate and 
either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, in 
respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day; 
(D)
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate and 
"Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SONIA rate 
in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, 
and 
(ii)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant 
Interest Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest 
Determination Date); 
(E)
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate and 
"Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, 
and 
(ii)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination 
Date); 
(F)
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate and 
"Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the €STR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, 
and 
(ii)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect of the Business 
Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the Interest Determination 
Date); 
(G)
where in the relevant Final Terms "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate and 
"Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such Business Day, provided however

--- Page 209 ---
203 
that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the 
period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SONIA rate 
in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
(H)
where in the relevant Final Terms "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate and 
"Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business Day, provided however that, 
in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period 
from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or 
the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SOFR in respect of 
the Rate Cut-off Date; and 
(I)
where in the relevant Final Terms "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate and 
"Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method, in respect of any 
Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business Day, provided however 
that, in the case of the last Interest Period, in respect of each Business Day in the 
period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the €STR in 
respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
"Reference Day" means each Business Day in the relevant Interest Period, other than any 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, 
(i) where, in the relevant Final Terms, "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, the 
Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" 
Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day "i" or, (ii) otherwise, the relevant 
Business Day "i"; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
as the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New 
York Federal Reserve's Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) 
(the "SOFR Determination Time") on the Business Day immediately following such 
Business Day; 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors in each case on the Business Day immediately following such 
Business Day; and 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or 
any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means: 
(A)
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final Terms, 
the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day during 
the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant 
Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining 
the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in

--- Page 210 ---
204 
the relevant Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect 
for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day; and 
(B)
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the relevant Final 
Terms, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar day 
during the relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant 
Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining 
the sum of such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in 
the relevant Interest Period, provided however that for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each 
day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect 
for the Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out 
Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which 
is not a Business Day shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the 
Reference Rate in effect for the Business Day immediately preceding such 
calendar day. 
(e)
Index Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined and Index Determination is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest Rate applicable to the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes for each Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference 
rate for the relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following formula and to the 
Relevant Decimal Place, all as determined and calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin:  
where: 
"Compounded Index" shall mean either SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Compounded 
Index, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Compounded Index End" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or 
such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which, by its definition or 
the operation of the relevant provisions, is excluded from such Interest Period); 
"Compounded Index Start" means the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling the 
Relevant Number of Index Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period. 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index Start is determined to (but excluding) the day on which the relevant 
Compounded Index End is determined; 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, London Banking Days, and, 
in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"Numerator" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be 365 in the case of 
the SONIA Compounded Index and 360 in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index;

--- Page 211 ---
205 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be the 
fifth decimal place in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index and the seventh decimal place in 
the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, in each case rounded up or down, if necessary (with 
0.000005 or, as the case may be, 0.00000005 being rounded upwards); 
"Relevant Number" shall, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, be five in the 
case of the SONIA Compounded Index and two in the case of the SOFR Compounded Index; 
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SOFR rate, as published at 15:00 
(New York time) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of 
SOFR) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the compounded daily SONIA rate as published at 10:00 
(London time) by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of 
England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA or a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has not occurred in respect of SOFR, as the 
case may be, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant Compounded Index Start and/or 
Compounded Index End is not published by the administrator, the Calculation Agent shall calculate 
the Interest Rate for that Interest Period in accordance with Condition 3.2(d) (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
which reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR) as if Index Determination was not specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable. For these purposes, (i) the Reference Rate shall be deemed to be 
SONIA in the case of SONIA Compounded Index and SOFR in the case of SOFR Compounded 
Index, (ii) the Calculation Method shall be deemed to be Compounded Daily, (iii) the Observation 
Method shall be deemed to be Observation Shift, (iv) the Observation Look-back Period shall be 
deemed to be the Relevant Number, (v) D shall be deemed to be the Numerator and (vi) in the case 
of SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent. If a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of SONIA, the provisions of 
Condition 3.2(i) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement - Benchmark 
Replacement) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 3.2(e) or if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, 
the provision of Condition 3.2(j) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) shall apply mutatis mutandis in respect of this Condition 
3.2(e), as applicable. 
(f)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference OBFR: If Screen Rate 
Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate(s) 
is/are to be determined and the Reference Rate specified in the relevant Final Terms is OBFR, the 
Interest Rate applicable to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes for each Interest Period 
will ((subject to Condition 3.2(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – 
Benchmark Replacement) and Condition 3.2(j) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark 
Replacement – Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate) and subject as provided below) be calculated 
by multiplying the principal amount of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes by an 
accrued interest factor, computed by adding the interest factor calculated for each day in an Interest 
Period (such interest factor being computed by dividing the sum of (i) OBFR as the reference rate 
applicable to that day (ii) plus or minus the Margin by 360, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
(g)
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined, the Interest Rate applicable to the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent Bank under an interest rate swap 
transaction if the Agent Bank were acting as Agent Bank for that interest rate swap transaction

--- Page 212 ---
206 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iv)
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Agent Bank by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, where: 
(A)
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period; and 
(B)
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period, 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than 
the length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period, then the Determination Agent shall determine such rate at 
such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
The expressions "Floating Rate", "Agent Bank", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated 
Maturity" and "Reset Date" in this Condition 3.2(g) (Floating Rate Note  Provisions and 
Benchmark Replacement – ISDA Determination) have the respective meanings given to them in 
the ISDA Definitions.  
(h)
Benchmark Replacement: Where the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate, as the case may be, applicable to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
is not SOFR, in addition and notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 3.2 (Floating 
Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement), if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred or there is a Successor Rate, in either case when any Interest Rate (or the 
relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by such Reference Rate or Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate, then the Issuer may elect (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to apply the following provisions: 
(A)
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner), no later than 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date"), a 
Successor Rate (as defined below) or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser determines 
that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate (as defined below) for 
purposes of determining the Interest Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) 
applicable to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes; 
(B)
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior 
to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if the Issuer determines that there 
is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference Rate; 
(C)
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is

--- Page 213 ---
207 
determined in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate or Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) for each of the future Interest Periods 
(subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
3.2(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – Benchmark 
Replacement)); provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (B) applies and the Issuer is 
unable to or does not determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate prior to 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Interest Rate applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Interest Rate last determined in relation to the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period (or 
alternatively, if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Interest Rate shall be 
the initial Interest Rate) (subject, where applicable, to substituting the Margin that applied 
to such preceding Interest Period for the Margin that is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this sub-paragraph (C) shall apply to the 
relevant Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3.2(h) (Floating 
Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – Benchmark Replacement); 
(D)
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or (if the Issuer is unable to 
appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to 
determine whether an Adjustment Spread should be applied) the Issuer (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that an Adjustment Spread should be 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer 
is unable to determine, prior to the Interest Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Interest Period, the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, 
such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(E)
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, any Adjustment Spread in 
accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable), may also specify changes to these Conditions, including but not limited to the 
Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, Business Days, 
Interest Determination Date and/or the definition of Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate applicable to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, and the 
method for determining the fallback rate in relation to the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes, in order to follow market practice in relation to the Successor Rate, the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or the Adjustment Spread. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such 
consequential amendments to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and these Conditions 
as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 3.2(h) (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – Benchmark Replacement). Noteholder consent 
shall not be required in connection with implementing the Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or any Adjustment Spread or such other changes, 
including for the execution of any documents, amendments or other steps by the Paying 
Agent (if required); and 
(F)
the Issuer shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or any Adjustment Spread, give notice thereof to the 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders, which shall specify the effective date(s) for such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or any Adjustment Spread 
and any consequential changes made to these Conditions.

--- Page 214 ---
208 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(h) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark 
Replacement – Benchmark Replacement): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders 
and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable) with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B)
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Reference Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference 
the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable), where such 
rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable); or 
(C)
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser 
(in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer in its discretion (as applicable), determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Reference Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable) in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of bonds denominated in the Specified 
Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as applicable); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A)
the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) has 
ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing 
to be calculated or administered; or 
(B)
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that it has ceased, or will cease, publishing such 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as 
applicable)); or 
(C)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that such Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or

--- Page 215 ---
209 
(D)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) as a consequence of which such 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences either generally, 
or in respect of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes; or 
(E)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, 
such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such Mid-Swap 
Floating Leg Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate has materially changed; or 
(F)
it has or will become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Mid-Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, if applicable); 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating leg 
benchmark rate: 
(G)
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency 
to which the reference rate or mid-swap floating leg benchmark rate relates, or any other 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the reference rate or mid-swap floating leg benchmark rate; or 
(H)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the reference rate or mid-swap floating leg benchmark 
rate relates, (b) any other central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid-swap floating leg benchmark 
rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, (d) 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part thereof, or (e) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if 
available) that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) (for the avoidance of doubt, whether or not such Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate or Reference Rate (as applicable) has ceased to be available) which is formally recommended 
by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(i)
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event: Where the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating 
Leg Benchmark Rate, as the case may be, applicable to the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes is SOFR, in addition and notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 3.2 
(Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement), this Condition 3.2(i) (Floating Rate 
Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) shall apply. 
(i)
Benchmark Replacement: If the Issuer or its designee determines on or prior to the 
relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating

--- Page 216 ---
210 
to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes in respect of all determinations on such 
date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii)
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation 
of a Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer or its designee will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
(iii)
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Issuer or its designee pursuant to this Condition 3.2(i) (Floating Rate Note 
Provisions and Benchmark Replacement – Effect of Benchmark Transition Event), 
including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer or its designee, as applicable, and, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes, shall become effective without consent from the 
Holders or any other party. 
In the event that the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions by the Issuer or its designee, the Interest Rate for 
such Interest Period shall be (i) that determined as at the immediately preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Interest 
Rate or Minimum Interest Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the immediately preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that immediately preceding 
Interest Period), (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the 
relevant Interest Period is the first Interest Period for the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to such Series for 
the first Interest Period had the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes been in issue for 
a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum 
Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate applicable to the first Interest Period) or (iii) if there 
is no such preceding Interest Determination Date and the relevant Interest Period is not the 
first Interest Period for the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, the Interest Rate that 
applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.2(i) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark 
Replacement – Effect of Benchmark Transition Event): 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if the Issuer or its designee determines 
on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR or the then-current 
Benchmark, then "Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can 
be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(A)
the sum of: (a) the alternate Interest Rate that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current 
Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(B)
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or 
(C)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or

--- Page 217 ---
211 
its designee as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark for U.S. Dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such 
time and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(A)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(B)
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(C)
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Issuer or its designee giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with 
the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. Dollar-denominated 
floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to 
the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Issuer or its designee decide 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Issuer or its designee decide that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Issuer or its designee determine that no market practice for use of the Benchmark 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or its designee determine is 
reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof): 
(A)
in the case of sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of 
the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(B)
in the case of clause (C) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event," the 
date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to 
the Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):

--- Page 218 ---
212 
(A)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(B)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the 
currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or 
such component)  or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), which 
states that the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(C)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; 
"designee" means a designee as selected and separately appointed by the Issuer as designee 
for the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes in writing;  
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation 
date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the 
Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (2) if the Benchmark is not 
SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer or its designee after giving effect to the 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(j)
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate: If any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Interest Rate shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. Unless otherwise stated in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
(k)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time 
at which the Interest Rate is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the

--- Page 219 ---
213 
Interest Amount payable in respect of each Global Collateralised Medium Term Note for such 
Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Interest Rate for such 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count 
Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
subunit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Global Collateralised Medium Term Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than 
euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
(l)
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Interest Rate and Interest Amount determined 
by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer and Paying 
Agents and the competent authority and/or stock exchange by which the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes have then been admitted to listing and/or trading as soon as possible after 
such determination but (in the case of each Interest Rate, Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall 
also be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible 
after the determination or calculation thereof. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate 
any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each 
Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in 
respect of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
(m)
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, communications, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 3.2 (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement) by the Calculation 
Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, 
the Noteholders and the Couponholders. No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to 
proceed against the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents or any of them in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by them of their powers, duties and discretions hereunder, including 
without limitation in respect of any notification, opinion, communication, determination, 
certificate, calculation, quotation or decision given, expressed or made for the purposes of this 
Condition 3.2 (Floating Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement). 
3.3
Variable Rate Notes
Each Variable Rate Note bears interest at a rate or rates (the "Variable Rate") determined on the basis of 
the formula or method as may be specified for such purpose in a supplement to the Base Prospectus and as otherwise 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 5. 
3.4
Zero Coupon Notes
If "Zero Coupon" is specified as the Interest Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes will not bear interest and references to interest and Coupons in these Base Conditions are not 
applicable, provided however that where any such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note is repayable prior to 
the Maturity Date (or such other date specified in the applicable Final Terms) and is not paid when due, the amount 
due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount for such Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note. 
3.5
Accrual of Interest

--- Page 220 ---
214 
Subject to Condition 6.5(c), interest shall cease to accrue on each interest bearing Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld 
or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after judgement) at the Interest Rate in 
the manner provided in this Condition 3 to the Relevant Date as if such period was an Interest Period. 
4.
Redemption 
4.1
Redemption
Unless previously redeemed in accordance with this Condition 4 or purchased and cancelled in accordance 
with Condition 19, each Global Collateralised Medium Term Note will, subject to Conditions 5 and 6, be redeemed 
in whole at the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date. 
4.2
Early Redemption at the Option of Noteholders
If "Put Option" is specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms, upon the Noteholder giving not less than 
the Put Notice Period Number of Business Days' irrevocable notice to the Issuer, with a copy to the Issue and Paying 
Agent (such notice, an "Option Exercise Notice") (such period the "Put Notice Period") on any Put Option 
Exercise Date within the Put Option Exercise Period, the Issuer shall, subject to Conditions 5 and 6 and the 
conditions to exercise set out below, redeem or, directly or through an intermediary, repurchase each Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note to which such notice relates in whole (but not in part) at its Optional Redemption 
Amount on the Optional Redemption Date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, to exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit 
(in the case of Bearer Notes) the relevant Bearer Notes (together with all unmatured or unexchanged Coupons) with 
any Paying Agent or (in the case of Registered Notes) the relevant Global Registered Note or Definitive Registered 
Note representing such Registered Notes with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office together 
with the duly completed irrevocable option exercise notice (such notice, an "Option Exercise Notice") in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable). If the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes are Cleared Notes, such option may be exercised by the relevant Noteholder giving an Option 
Exercise Notice to the Issue and Paying Agent through the Relevant Clearing Systems stating the nominal amount of 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes in respect of which the Put Option is exercised and the relevant Common 
Depositary, Common Safekeeper, custodian or nominee shall deposit and surrender the relevant Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes in accordance with the Relevant Rules. No transfers of interests in Cleared 
Notes in respect of which an Option Exercise Notice has been delivered will be valid and an Option Exercise Notice 
in respect of Cleared Notes must be accompanied by a copy of instructions given to the Relevant Clearing System 
by the relevant accountholder that the accountholder's account be blocked for such purposes. No Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes so deposited and option exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the 
Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. Any Option Exercise Notice delivered after 8:00 a.m. 
(New York time) shall be deemed delivered the following Business Day. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the last day of the relevant Put Notice Period is the same date as the Maturity 
Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes shall 
be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with this Condition 4.2. 
4.3
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer
If "Call Option" is specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 
the Issuer Notice Period Number of Business Days' irrevocable notice to Noteholders, with a copy to the Issuer and 
Paying Agent (such notice, an "Early Redemption Notice") (such period, the "Issuer Notice Period") and 
provided that if the notice relates to a Call Option such notice is delivered on the Issuer Option Exercise Date within 
the Issuer Option Exercise Period and subject to Conditions 5 and 6, redeem or, directly or through an intermediary, 
repurchase some or all of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes in whole (but not in part) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest on the Optional Redemption Date.

--- Page 221 ---
215 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the last day of the relevant Issuer Notice Period is the same date as the 
Maturity Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes shall be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with this Condition 4.3. 
In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised with respect to some but not all of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes of any Class and such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are Cleared 
Notes, such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will (i) in the case of Cleared Notes represented by 
Definitive Bearer Notes, be selected individually by lot note more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
and (ii) in the case of Cleared Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the standard 
procedures and Relevant Rules (to be reflected in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as either a pool factor 
or a reduction in nominal amount, as applicable at their discretion). 
4.4
Early Redemption or Adjustment following the Occurrence of an Additional 
Disruption Event
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer may, at its sole and absolute discretion: 
(a) request that the Calculation Agent determines, at its sole and absolute discretion, whether an appropriate 
adjustment can be made to the Conditions and any other provisions relating to the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes to account for the economic effect of such event on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and 
to preserve substantially the economic effect to the Noteholders of a holding of the relevant Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note. If the Calculation Agent determines that such adjustment(s) can be made, the Issuer shall 
determine the effective date of such adjustment(s) and take the necessary steps to effect such adjustment(s). The 
Issuer shall notify Noteholders of any such adjustment(s) in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the nature and effective date of the adjustments are determined. If the Calculation Agent determines 
that no adjustment that could be made would produce a commercially reasonable result and preserve substantially 
the economic effect to the Noteholders of a holding of the relevant Global Collateralised Medium Term Note, it 
shall notify the Issuer of such determination and no adjustment(s) shall be made. None of the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or any other party shall be liable to any holder, Noteholder or any other person for any determination and/or 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.4(a); or 
 (b) on giving not less than 10 Business Days' irrevocable notice to Noteholders, with a copy to the Issue 
and Paying Agent (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) (such period, the 
"Early Redemption Notice Period") in accordance with Condition 13 (such notice an "Additional Disruption Event 
Redemption Notice"), redeem or, directly or through an Intermediary, repurchase all of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes of the relevant Series in whole, subject to Conditions 5 and 6, at their Early Redemption 
Amount on the Early Redemption Date. 
4.5
Extension Option 
If "Extension Option" is specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms, the Noteholder may elect to cause 
the Issuer to extend the Maturity Date applicable to all of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that are 
subject to an Extension Option or, if permitted in the applicable Final Terms, any portion thereof greater than the 
Minimum Extendible Amount (or any multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof) specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
by giving not less than the Extension Option Notice Period Number of Business Days' irrevocable notice to the 
Issuer setting forth the principal amount of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to be extended, with a 
copy to the Issue and Paying Agent (such notice, an "Extension Option Exercise Notice") (such period the 
"Extension Option Notice Period") on any Extension Option Exercise Date within the Extension Option Exercise 
Period, provided that no such proposed extension may result in any remaining Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes of such Noteholder having an outstanding principal amount of less than the Specified Denomination. The new 
Maturity Date specified in the Extension Option Exercise Notice shall be no more than the Extension Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms following the previously scheduled Maturity Date, and in any event may not 
be later than the Final Maturity Date. The applicable Final Terms may specify more than one Extension Option 
Notice Period. Any Extension Option Exercise Notice delivered after 8:00 a.m. (New York time) shall be deemed 
delivered the following Business Day.

--- Page 222 ---
216 
For all Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes with respect to which an Extension Option Exercise 
Notice is delivered during an Extension Option Notice Period, the existing security code and the maturity of such 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will be extended from the then-scheduled maturity date to the maturity 
date specified in the Extension Option Exercise Notice. If only a portion of the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes held by such Noteholder are the subject of an Extension Option Exercise Notice (the Notes not so extended, 
collectively, "Unextended Notes") and concurrently with the extension of the other Notes held by such Noteholder, 
a new security code will be made available by the Issue and Paying Agent in respect of such Unextended Notes, 
with a maturity date equal to the then-scheduled maturity date (without giving effect to the extension described 
above). The principal amount of such Unextended Notes, and all unpaid interest accrued thereon through the then-
scheduled maturity date, will remain due and payable on the then-scheduled maturity date (without giving effect to 
the extension described above). 
4.6
Conflicting Elections 
(a)
Conflicting Put Option and Call Option 
(i)
If the Call Option is validly exercised following a valid exercise of a Put Option but prior to the 
Optional Redemption Date, any such prior exercise of the Put Option will be disregarded and the 
redeemed or repurchased Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will be redeemed in 
accordance with the terms of the Call Option. 
(ii)
If the Put Option is validly exercised following a valid exercise of a Call Option but prior to the 
Optional Redemption Date, such exercise of the Put Option will be disregarded and the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes will be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the terms 
of the Call Option. 
(b)
Conflicting Call Option and Extension Option  
(i)
If the Call Option is validly exercised following a valid exercise of an Extension Option but prior 
to the extension of the related Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, any prior Extension 
Option Exercise Notice will be disregarded and the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
will be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with the terms of the Call Option. 
(ii)
If the Extension Option is validly exercised following a valid exercise of a Call Option but prior to 
the Optional Redemption Date, any prior Extension Option Exercise Notice will be disregarded to 
the extent it relates to Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes subject to the Call Option, and 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will be redeemed or repurchased in accordance 
with the terms of the Call Option.  
(c)
Conflicting Put Option and Extension Option 
(i)
If the Put Option is validly exercised following a valid exercise of an Extension Option but prior 
to the extension of the related Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, such Put Option will 
be disregarded. 
(ii)
If the Extension Option is validly exercised following a valid exercise of a Put Option but prior to 
the Optional Redemption Date, any such Extension Option Exercise Notice will be disregarded to 
the extent it relates to the related Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, and the related 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will be redeemed or repurchased in accordance with 
the terms of the Put Option.  
4.7
Make-Whole Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If "Make-Whole Redemption Option" is specified to apply in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
on giving not less than the Issuer Notice Period Number of Business Days' irrevocable notice to Noteholders, with a

--- Page 223 ---
217 
copy to the Issuer and Paying Agent (such period, the "Issuer Make-Whole Redemption Notice Period") and 
subject to Conditions 5 and 6, redeem or, directly or through an intermediary, repurchase some or all of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes in whole (but not in part) on any date prior to their Maturity Date (the "Make-
Whole Redemption Date") at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount. The "Make-Whole Redemption Amount" 
will be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent which is the greater of (a) 100 per cent. of the nominal 
amount of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes so redeemed and (b) the sum of the then present values of 
the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes (not 
including any interest accrued on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to, but excluding, the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) plus, in each case (a) or (b) above, 
any interest accrued on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, taking into account any Early Redemption Costs (which, for the avoidance of doubt, will reduce 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount). 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding 
upon all parties.  
5.
Calculations and Publication
5.1
Calculations
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point being rounded up), 
(b) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if the eighth significant figure is a 5 or 
greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) and (c) all currency amounts that fall due and payable 
shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such Currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, 
which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes, "unit" means the lowest amount of such 
Currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such Currency. 
5.2
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates, Interest Amounts and 
Amounts in respect of Settlement
As soon as practicable on such date as the Issue and Paying Agent or, as applicable, the Calculation Agent 
may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation in 
respect of or in connection with any Global Collateralised Medium Term Note, such Agent shall determine such rate 
and calculate the relevant interest in respect of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes for the relevant 
Interest Period and calculate any Redemption Amount, obtain any required quotation or make such determination or 
calculation, as the case may be, and cause the interest, Interest Rate and Interest Amount, as applicable, for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, any Redemption Amount to 
be notified to the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Agent in respect of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes that is to make a payment, delivery or further calculation or determination upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are listed on a stock exchange and 
the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon 
as possible after their determination but in no event later than (a) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, 
if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount or (b) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day following such determination. 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period End Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to 
Condition 5.4, the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If interest bearing Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes become due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 7, the accrued interest and the Interest Rate payable in respect of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with 
Condition 3 but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made.

--- Page 224 ---
218 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or 
calculation by the Issue and Paying Agent or, as applicable, the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
5.3
Calculation Amount per Global Collateralised Medium Term Note
(a)
General 
If the Redemption Amount relating to a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note is specified or is to be 
determined by reference to the Calculation Amount per Global Collateralised Medium Term Note specified in the 
Final Terms, then, on each occasion on which such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note is redeemed or 
exercised in part, the corresponding Redemption Amount shall be deemed to have been reduced by an amount 
proportional to the nominal amount or portion of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note so redeemed or 
exercised with effect from the date of such partial reduction or exercise. 
(b)
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and Calculation Amount per Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions or the Agency Agreement: 
(i)
where the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are in the form of Definitive Notes 
and the applicable Final Terms specify a Calculation Amount per Global Collateralised Medium Term Note 
in addition to one or more Specified Denominations, then each calculation of an amount payable in respect 
of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note hereunder shall be made on the basis of the product of the (i) 
the amount payable in respect of the relevant Calculation Amount (after applying any applicable rounding 
in accordance with the Conditions) and (ii) Calculation Amount Factor of that particular Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note, where "Calculation Amount Factor" means the number equal to the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Global Collateralised Medium Term Note divided by the relevant 
Calculation Amount per Global Collateralised Medium Term Note; 
(ii)
where the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are in global form or uncertificated 
registered form, on any date each calculation of a cash amount payable in respect of a Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note hereunder shall, subject to Condition 3, be based on the aggregate nominal amount of 
all such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes outstanding on such date (or the relevant affected 
portion thereof), the resulting amount being rounded in accordance with the method provided in Condition 
5.1 above and distributed in accordance with the applicable rules of the Relevant Clearing System. 
5.4
Business Day Convention
If (a) there is no numerically corresponding day of the calendar month in which an Interest Period End Date 
should occur or (b) if any date which is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then such date will be adjusted according to 
the Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Business Day Convention is specified to 
be: 
(i)
the "Following", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day; 
(ii)
the "Modified Following", such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; 
(iii)
the "Nearest", such date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day if the 
relevant date otherwise falls on a day other than a Sunday or a Monday and will be the first following day 
that is a Business Day if the relevant date otherwise falls on a Sunday or a Monday; or

--- Page 225 ---
219 
(iv)
the "Preceding", such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day. 
6.
Payments and Deliveries
6.1
Definitive Bearer Notes
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Definitive Bearer Notes will, subject as mentioned below, 
be made against and subject to the condition to settlement, presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment or delivery of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Definitive Bearer Notes (in the case of payments 
of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6.5(c)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as 
specified in Condition 6.5(c)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States (a) if a payment, by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by 
transfer to an account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-
resident account) denominated in such currency with, an Account Bank, subject to certification of non-US beneficial 
ownership, as applicable or (b) if a delivery, in the manner notified to Noteholders. 
Holders of Definitive Bearer Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note as a result of a transfer 
made in accordance with this Condition 6.1 arriving in such holder's account after the due date for payment. 
A record of each payment and delivery made in respect of a Definitive Bearer Note of any Class will be 
made on the relevant Definitive Bearer Note by or on behalf of the Issue and Paying Agent, and such record shall be 
prima facie evidence that the payment or delivery in question has been made. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Definitive Bearer Notes are denominated in US dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as 
aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Definitive 
Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is 
illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
6.2
Registered Notes
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
against and subject to the condition to settlement, presentation and surrender of the relevant Registered Note at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any of the Transfer Agents and in the manner provided in the immediately 
following paragraph below. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made on the 
relevant due date or next succeeding Business Day to the Noteholder (or the first named of joint Noteholders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the Register at the close of business on the relevant Record Date. Payments of interest 
on each Registered Note will be made in the relevant currency by cheque drawn on an Account Bank and mailed to 
the holder (or to the first-named of joint holders) of such Registered Note at its address appearing in the Register. 
Upon application in writing by the holder in accordance with Condition 13.2 to the specified office of the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by electronic transfer to an 
account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee with an Account Bank. 
6.3
Global Notes
(a)
Global Bearer Notes

--- Page 226 ---
220 
No payment or delivery falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Bearer Notes 
unless exchange for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. Payments on any Temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D Rules before the Exchange Date 
will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-US beneficial ownership in the form set out in the 
Agency Agreement. 
(b)
CGNs 
All payments and deliveries in respect of Bearer Notes in CGN Form will be made against and subject to 
the condition to settlement, presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the 
Global Bearer Notes, surrender of that Global Bearer Note to or to the order of the Issue and Paying Agent or such 
other Paying Agent as shall have been notified to the Noteholders for such purpose. If the Global Bearer Note is in 
CGN Form, a record of each payment or delivery so made will be endorsed on each Global Bearer Note, 
which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. Conditions 8.1(g) and 11(e) will apply to the Definitive Bearer Notes only. 
(c)
NGNs  
If a Global Bearer Note is a Cleared Note in NGN Form, the Issuer shall procure that details of each such 
payment shall be entered pro rata in the records of the Relevant Clearing System and, in the case of payments of 
principal, the nominal amount of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes recorded in the records of the Relevant 
Clearing System and represented by the Global Bearer Notes, will be reduced accordingly (if applicable). Payments 
under the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes in NGN Form will be made to its holder. Each payment so 
made will discharge the Issuer's obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the 
Relevant Clearing System shall not affect such discharge. 
(d)
Global Registered Notes that are Cleared Notes 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 6.2, all payments in respect of Cleared Notes that are 
represented by a Global Registered Note will be made to, or to the order of, the person whose name is entered on the 
Register at the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the due date for payment 
or delivery, for this purpose the Record Date. 
(e)
Relationship of Accountholders and Relevant Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as the holder of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes represented by a Global Note must look solely to the Relevant Clearing System 
for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Bearer Note or the holder of such 
Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the relevant Global Notes, 
subject to and in accordance with the Relevant Rules. Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in 
respect of payments due on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes for so long as the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes are represented by such Global Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by 
payment to the bearer of such Global Bearer Note or the holder of such Registered Note, as the case may be, in 
respect of each amount so paid. 
(f)
Payments through DTC 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Global Registered Notes held by a custodian for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC will, if such Global Registered Notes are denominated in US dollars, 
be made in accordance with the preceding paragraphs. Payments of principal and interest in respect of Global 
Registered Notes held by a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, DTC will, if such Global 
Registered Notes are denominated in a currency other than US dollars, be made or procured to be made by the 
Exchange Agent in the relevant currency in accordance with the following provisions. The amounts payable by the 
Exchange Agent or its agent to DTC with respect to such Global Registered Notes will be received in such currency, 
from the Issuer by the Exchange Agent. The Exchange Agent will make payments by wire transfer of same day

--- Page 227 ---
221 
funds to the designated bank account in such currency of those DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant 
payment who have made an irrevocable election to DTC, in the case of interest payments, on or prior to the third 
DTC business day after the Record Date for the relevant payment of interest and, in the case of payments of 
principal, at least 12 DTC business days prior to the relevant payment date of principal, to receive that payment in 
such currency, provided that the Registrar has received the related notification from DTC on or prior to the fifth 
DTC business day after the Record Date for the relevant payment of interest or at least 10 DTC business days prior 
to the relevant payment date of principal, in respect of such payment, and the Registrar has accordingly notified the 
Exchange Agent in accordance with the Agency Agreement. If DTC does not so notify the Registrar, the relevant 
payment will be made in US dollars. The Exchange Agent, after conversion of amounts in such currency into 
US dollars, will deliver such US dollar amount in same day funds to DTC for payment through its settlement system 
to those DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant payment who did not elect to receive such payment in such 
currency. The Agency Agreement sets out the manner in which such conversions are to be made. "DTC business 
day" means any day on which DTC is open for business. 
(g)
No Responsibility 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. None of the persons appearing 
from time to time in the records of the Relevant Clearing System or the Registrar as the holder of any portion of 
Global Notes shall have any claim directly against the Issuer in respect of any payment due on the Global Notes, 
and the Issuer's obligations to make any such payment shall be discharged by payment of the requisite amount to the 
holder of the Global Bearer Note or the registered holder of the relevant Global Registered Note, as applicable. 
6.4
Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons
(a)
Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons Void 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note, unmatured Coupons and unexchanged 
Talons relating to such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and 
no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(b)
Requirement for Indemnity 
Where any Definitive Bearer Note is presented for redemption without all unmatured Coupons and any 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the 
Issuer or Paying Agent may require. 
(c)
Interest after Redemption 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Bearer Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case 
may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Bearer 
Note. Interest accrued on a Definitive Bearer Note which only bears interest after its date of redemption shall be 
payable on redemption of such Definitive Bearer Note against presentation thereof. 
6.5
Taxes and Settlement Expenses Conditions to Settlement
Payment of any Redemption Amount in connection with the redemption, cancellation or exercise of the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes shall be subject to deduction, or conditional upon payment by the 
relevant Noteholder(s), of any applicable Taxes and Settlement Expenses and any other amounts as specified in 
these Base Conditions or the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholder(s) in accordance with 
Condition 13 of (a) such applicable Taxes, Settlement Expenses and other amounts payable and (b) the manner in 
which such amounts shall be paid by the Noteholder(s).

--- Page 228 ---
222 
6.6
Payment and Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes
If the date on which any amount is specified as being or is otherwise determined to be, payable in respect of 
any Global Collateralised Medium Term Note or Coupon is not (i) a Business Day and (ii) in the case of Definitive 
Notes only, a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign Currency deposits) 
in the relevant place of presentation, then payment will not be made until the next succeeding day which is (i) a 
Business Day and (ii) in the case of Definitive Notes only, also a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign Currency deposits) in the relevant place of presentation, and the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to any further payment in respect of such delay. 
6.7
Payment subject to Laws
All payments in respect of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are subject in all cases to any 
applicable laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the 
Issuer (or any accession issuer as permitted under the Agency Agreement), and neither the Issuer nor any permitted 
accession issuer will be liable for any Taxes of whatsoever nature imposed by such laws, resolutions, directives or 
agreements, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9. 
7.
Acceleration Events
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event for a Class, the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
of such Class will become immediately due and payable at the Early Redemption Amount and the LLP's obligations 
under the LLP Undertakings with respect to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will similarly become 
immediately due and payable. In connection therewith, the Applicable Enforcing Party will promptly commence 
realisation upon the Collateral for such Class, in accordance with the Security Agreement. Each of the following 
events constitutes an Acceleration Event for a Class: 
(i)
the occurrence of an LLP Event of Default; or 
(ii)
(x) the occurrence of a Repurchase Event of Default with respect to any Seller under a 
Repurchase Agreement related to such Class and (y) the occurrence of any of the 
following: 
(a) 
for any Seller in respect of which an Issuer Collateral Posting Election 
could be exercised, the Issuer Collateral Posting Election is not validly exercised 
by the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the relevant Credit Support Deed 
by 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the Business Day following the occurrence of a 
Repurchase Event of Default with respect to such Seller; 
(b) 
for any Seller in respect of which an Issuer Collateral Posting Election 
could be exercised, the Issuer exercises the Issuer Collateral Posting Election 
and fails to post margin in accordance with the terms of the relevant Credit 
Support Deed; or 
(c) 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default; or 
(iii)
solely with respect to a Class then in a Shared Collateral Class Group, an Acceleration 
Event with respect to any other Class then in its Shared Collateral Class Group. 
Upon the occurrence of an Acceleration Event, Noteholders who satisfy the criteria set out in the applicable 
Security Agreement will have the rights of a Qualified Directing Investor on and subject to the terms of such 
Security Agreement.

--- Page 229 ---
223 
8.
Agents
8.1
Appointment of Agents
The Issue and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agents and the Calculation 
Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or 
with any Noteholder or holder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Issue and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent or the Calculation Agent and to 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Transfer Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (a) 
an Issue and Paying Agent, (b) a Registrar in relation to Registered Notes, (c) a Transfer Agent in relation to 
Registered Notes, (d) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (e) Paying Agents having 
specified offices in at least two major European cities and (f) such other agents as may be required by any other 
stock exchange on which the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may be listed. Notice of any termination of 
appointment and of any changes to the specified office of any Agent will be given to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. 
8.2
Modification of Agency Agreement
The Issuer shall only permit any modification of, or any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of or any failure to comply with, the Agency Agreement relating to Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes if to do so would not in the opinion of the Issuer be expected to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders or if such modification is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or 
to comply with mandatory provisions of any applicable law or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision 
contained therein. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter, provided that failure to give, or non-
receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity or binding nature of such modification. 
8.3
Responsibility of the Issuer and the Agents
The Issue and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent, as appropriate, shall have no responsibility or 
liability to any person for errors or omissions in any calculations, determinations made, or actions taken pursuant to 
the Conditions, and all such calculations and determinations shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final and 
binding on the Issuer, the Agents and the Noteholders. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Agent shall be held responsible for any loss or damage resulting from any legal 
enactment (domestic or foreign), the intervention of a public authority (domestic or foreign), an act of war, strike, 
blockade, boycott or lockout or any other similar event or circumstance. The reservation in respect of strikes, 
blockades, boycotts and lockouts shall also apply if any of such parties itself take such measures or becomes the 
subject of such measures. Under no circumstances shall the Issuer or any of the Agents be liable to pay 
compensation to any Noteholder for any loss, damage, liability, cost, claim, action or demand to any Noteholder in 
the absence of fraud. Furthermore, under no circumstances shall the Issuer or any of the Agents be liable to any 
Noteholder for loss of profit, indirect loss or damage or consequential loss or damage, notwithstanding it having 
been pre-advised of the possibility of such loss. 
Where the Issuer or any of the Agents, due to any legal enactment (domestic or foreign), the intervention of 
a public authority (domestic or foreign), an act of war, strike, blockade, boycott or lockout or any other similar event 
or circumstance, is prevented from effecting payment or delivery, such payment or delivery may be postponed until 
the time the event or circumstance impeding payment has ceased, with no obligation to pay or deliver any additional 
amounts in respect of such postponement. 
9.
Taxation
Except to the extent that the Issuer is required by law to withhold or deduct amounts for or on account of 
Tax or to the extent otherwise disclosed in the Conditions, a Noteholder must pay all Taxes arising from or payable 
in connection with the payment of interest, any Interest Amount or the ownership, transfer, sale, redemption,

--- Page 230 ---
224 
exercise or cancellation of any Global Collateralised Medium Term Note or the payment of any Redemption 
Amount and/or any other payment relating to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, as applicable. The 
Issuer is not liable for, or otherwise obliged to pay amounts in respect of, any such Taxes borne by a Noteholder. 
All payments in respect of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes shall be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for, any present or future Taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within the Bank Jurisdiction (or any authority or political subdivision thereof or therein 
having power to tax) unless such withholding or deduction is required by law (including FATCA). In that event, the 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") as may be necessary in order that the net amounts 
receivable by the relevant holder after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts that would 
have been receivable by such holder in the absence of such withholding or deduction. Notwithstanding the above, no 
Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Global Collateralised Medium Term Note or Coupon: 
(a)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder on account of Taxes in respect of such Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes imposed by reason of his having a connection with the Bank 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the relevant Global Collateralised Medium Term Note or 
Coupon; or 
(b)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who could lawfully avoid (but has not so avoided) such 
deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any third party complies with any statutory 
requirements or by making or procuring that any third party makes a declaration of non-residence or other 
similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the place where the relevant Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note or Coupon is presented for payment; or 
(c)
presented for payment more than 30 calendar days after the Relevant Date, except to the extent 
that the holder would have been entitled to an Additional Amount on presenting such Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note or Coupon for such payment on the last day of such 30-day period; or 
(d)
where such withholding or deduction is required by FATCA; or 
(e)
 (except in the case of Registered Notes) presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who 
would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note or Coupon to another Paying Agent without such deduction or 
withholding; or 
(f)
unless it is proved, to the satisfaction of the Issue and Paying Agent or the Paying Agent to whom 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note or Coupon is presented that the holder is unable to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by satisfying any applicable certification, identification or reporting requirements 
or by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemptions to the relevant tax 
authorities. 
The imposition of any withholding or deduction on any payments in respect of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer will be an "Issuer Tax Event" if such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
References in the Conditions to (I) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect 
of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to Condition 4, (II) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all 
other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 4 or any amendment or supplement to it and (III) "principal" and/or 
"interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition 9. 
10.
Prescription
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any Global Collateralised Medium Term Note and/or 
Coupon (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within

--- Page 231 ---
225 
10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) of the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of 
them. 
11.
Replacement of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes
Should any Global Collateralised Medium Term Note or Coupon in respect of any Class be lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may, subject to all applicable laws, regulations and any Relevant Stock Exchange 
or any other relevant authority regulations requirements, be replaced at the specified office of the Issue and Paying 
Agent, in the case of Bearer Notes, or the Registrar, in the case of Registered Notes, or of such other Paying Agent 
or Transfer Agent, as may be designated from time to time by the Issuer for such purpose and notice of whose 
designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees, expenses and Taxes 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity and otherwise as the 
Issuer, Paying Agent or Transfer Agent may require. If any Global Collateralised Medium Term Note, Coupon or 
Receipt is mutilated or defaced, it must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12.
Unlawfulness or Impracticability 
If the Issuer determines that the performance by it or the LLP of any of their respective absolute or 
contingent obligations under the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or Transaction Documents has become 
illegal or a physical impracticability, in whole or in part, for any reason, the Issuer may redeem or cancel the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
If the Issuer redeems or cancels the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, then the Issuer will, if and 
to the extent permitted by applicable law, pay an amount to each Noteholder in respect of each Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note held by such Noteholder, which amount shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note, notwithstanding such illegality or impracticability as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. Payment will be subject to Conditions 5 and 6 and will be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
13.
Notices
13.1
To Noteholders
All notices to Noteholders will be deemed to have been duly given and valid: 
(a)
in the case of Bearer Notes, if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in England 
(which is expected to be the Financial Times) and will be deemed to have been given on the date of first 
publication; and/or 
(b)
if and so long as Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are listed on a Relevant Stock 
Exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority if given in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of the Relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant authority and will be deemed to have been 
given on the first date of transmission or publication in accordance with such rules and regulations; and/or 
(c)
in the case of Registered Notes, if mailed to the relevant holders of such Registered Notes at their 
respective designated addresses appearing in the Register and will be deemed delivered on the third 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing; and/or 
(d)
in the case of Cleared Notes, in substitution for publication or mailing as required above, notices 
to Noteholders may be given to the Relevant Clearing System provided that any publication or other 
requirements required pursuant to Condition 13.1(b) shall also be complied with if applicable. In such 
cases, notices will be deemed given on the first date of transmission to the applicable Relevant Clearing 
System (regardless of any subsequent publication or mailing).

--- Page 232 ---
226 
If any publication required pursuant to Condition 13.1(a) or (b) is not practicable, notice shall be validly 
given if published in another leading English language daily newspaper with circulation in Europe on the date of 
first publication. 
Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
holders of Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 13. 
13.2
To the Issuer and the Agents
In respect of any Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, all notices to the Issuer and/or the 
Agents must be sent to the address specified for each such entity in the Agency Agreement or to such other person 
or place as shall be specified by the Issuer and/or the Agent by notice given to Noteholders in accordance with this 
Condition 13. 
13.3
Validity of Notices
Any determinations as to whether any notice is valid, effective and/or duly completed and in the proper 
form shall be made (a) in the case of Cleared Notes, by the Issuer and the Relevant Clearing System or (b) in the 
case of any other Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes by the Issuer, in consultation with the Issue and Paying 
Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Agents and the relevant Noteholder(s). 
Any notice determined not to be valid, effective, complete and in proper form shall be null and void unless 
the Issuer and the Relevant Clearing System agree otherwise. This provision shall not prejudice any right of the 
person delivering the notice to deliver a new or corrected notice. 
The Issuer, Paying Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent shall use all reasonable endeavours promptly to 
notify any Noteholder submitting a notice if it is determined that such notice is not valid, effective, complete or in 
the proper form. In the absence of negligence or willful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the Relevant 
Clearing System or any Agent, as the case may be, shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or 
omitted to be taken by it in connection with any notification to a Noteholder or determination that a notice is not 
valid, effective, complete or in the proper form. 
14.
Substitution of the Bank
The Bank, acting in its capacity as Issuer of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, shall be entitled 
at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, to substitute any other entity, the identity of which shall be in 
the absolute discretion of the Bank in place of the Bank as Issuer (the "New Bank Issuer") or to act as issuer in 
respect of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes issued by it, provided that (a) the New Bank Issuer's long-term 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least the same as Barclays Bank PLC's 
long-term rating at the date on which the substitution is to take effect or the New Bank Issuer has an equivalent 
long-term rating from another internationally recognised rating agency, (b) in the case of Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes eligible for sale in the United States to "qualified institutional buyers" in accordance with 
Rule 144A of the Securities Act, the New Bank Issuer would not be an "investment company" required to register as 
such under the Investment Company Act, (c) no acceleration event as set out in Condition 7 shall occur as a result 
thereof and (d) the New Bank Issuer enters into replacement Programme Documents. 
In the event of any such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Bank as Issuer shall be 
construed as a reference to the New Bank Issuer. Such substitution shall be promptly notified to the holders of each 
Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes then outstanding in accordance with Condition 13. 
In connection with such right of substitution, the Bank, in its capacity as Issuer, shall not be obliged to have regard 
to the consequences of the exercise of such right for individual Noteholders resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular 
territory, and no Noteholder shall be entitled to claim from the Bank or the New Bank Issuer any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such substitution upon such Noteholder.

--- Page 233 ---
227 
15.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
15.1
Governing Law
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and the Agency Agreement and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with 
English law. 
15.2
Jurisdiction
The Courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute, legal action or proceeding 
that may arise out of or in connection with any Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, Coupons and/or the 
Agency Agreement (including any dispute, legal action or proceeding relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with any Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, Coupons and/or the Agency 
Agreement) and accordingly any such dispute, legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with them 
("Proceedings") shall be brought in such courts. 
16.
Severability
Should any one or more of the provisions contained in the terms and conditions of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes be or become invalid, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected in any way. 
17.
Modification and Meetings
17.1
Modifications to the Conditions
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Noteholders, make any modification to the Conditions of any 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that in its sole opinion is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholder or that is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law of the Bank Jurisdiction, or to cure, correct or supplement any defective provision 
contained herein and/or therein. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of such modification. 
17.2
Meetings of Noteholders
(a)
Definitive Notes in Bearer or Registered Form 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency 
Agreement) of a modification of the Conditions or the Agency Agreement. At least 21 calendar days' notice 
(exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which the meeting is to be held) specifying the 
date, time and place of the meeting shall be given to Noteholders. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes for the time being outstanding. The quorum at a meeting 
of the Noteholders (except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined herein)) will be two or 
more persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes held or represented, unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals, inter alia, (i) to 
amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, any Exercise Date or 
Maturity Date of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or any date for payment of interest or Interest 
Amounts on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, (ii) to reduce or cancel the nominal amount of, or any 
premium payable on redemption or exercise of, the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, (iii) to reduce the 
rate or rates of interest in respect of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or to vary the method or basis of 
calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating any Interest Amount in respect of the

--- Page 234 ---
228 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Rate of Interest is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, to reduce any such minimum and/or maximum, (v) to vary any method of, or basis for, 
calculating any Redemption Amount (other than as provided for in the Conditions), (vi) to vary the currency or 
currencies of payment or denomination of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, or (vii) to modify the 
provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass the 
Extraordinary Resolution, in which case the quorum shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 75 per cent. or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent. in nominal amount for the time being 
outstanding. The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than 90 per cent. in nominal amount outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing 
may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more Noteholders. 
A resolution will be an Extraordinary Resolution when it has been passed at a duly convened meeting and 
held in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast. 
Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be binding on all the Noteholders, regardless of whether they are 
present at the meeting, save for those Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that have not been redeemed but in 
respect of which an Exercise Notice shall have been delivered as described in Condition 4.2 prior to the date of the 
meeting. Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that have not been redeemed but in respect of which an Option 
Exercise Notice has been delivered as described in Condition 4.2 will not confer the right to attend or vote at, or join 
in convening, or be counted in the quorum for, any meeting of the Noteholders. 
(b)
Global Notes in Bearer or Registered Form 
The holder of a Permanent Global Note shall (unless such Permanent Global Note represents only one 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum 
requirements of a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a Permanent Global Note shall be 
treated as having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the relevant Currency of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note. 
18.
Further Issues
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or holders of 
Coupons, if applicable, to create and issue further Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes of any Class having 
the same terms and conditions as the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes (so that, for the avoidance of doubt, 
references to "Issue Date" in these Base Conditions shall be to the first issue date of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with such Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. References in the Conditions to "Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes" 
shall be construed accordingly. 
19.
Purchases and Cancellations
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase or otherwise acquire (or have a third party 
do so for its benefit) Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes (or beneficial interests therein) (provided that all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in any manner and at any price in 
the open market or otherwise, including (without limitation) in its capacity as a broker for a customer. 
All Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes so purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its 
subsidiaries may (but need not) be surrendered for cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each 
such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note together with all unmatured Coupons to the Issue and Paying Agent 
and, in the case of Registered Notes, by surrendering the Definitive Registered Notes or Global Registered Notes 
representing such Registered Notes to the Registrar and, in each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith (together with all 
unmatured Coupons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes so 
surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes shall be discharged.

--- Page 235 ---
229 
Cancellation of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes represented by a Permanent Global Note (other 
than upon its redemption) will be effected by a reduction in the nominal amount of the relevant Permanent Global 
Note. 
20.
Non Petition and Limited Recourse 
Each party to the Agency Agreement and, by its purchase of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note, 
each Noteholder will be deemed to have agreed and acknowledged that: it shall not institute against the LLP any 
winding-up, administration, insolvency or similar proceeding so long as any sum is outstanding under the Series for 
two years plus one day since the last day on which any such sum was outstanding. 
Each party to the Agency Agreement and, by its purchase of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note, 
each Noteholder will be deemed to have agreed and acknowledged to each of the LLP and the Applicable Enforcing 
Party that, notwithstanding any other provision of the Agency Agreement, a Note, the LLP Undertakings or any 
other Transaction Document, all obligations of the LLP (if any) to such party, including the Secured Obligations, are 
limited in recourse as set forth below: 
(i)
each party to the Agency Agreement and each Noteholder agrees that it will have a claim only in respect of 
the related Collateral for the relevant Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and will not have 
any claim, by operation of law or otherwise, against, or recourse to, any of the LLP's other assets or its 
contributed capital; 
(ii)
sums payable to any party to the Agency Agreement and any Noteholder in respect of the LLP's obligations 
to such party shall be limited to the lesser of (a) the aggregate amount of all sums due and payable to such 
party and (b) the aggregate amounts received, realised or otherwise recovered by or for the account of the 
LLP in respect of the related Collateral for the relevant Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
whether pursuant to enforcement of the security interests created hereunder or otherwise, net of any sums 
which are payable by the LLP in accordance with the Priorities of Payments for the related Class in priority 
to or pari passu with sums payable to such party; and 
(iii)
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Agency Agreement, all obligations of the LLP 
shall be payable by the LLP only to the extent of funds available pursuant to the Priorities of Payments with 
respect to the related Class and, to the extent such funds are not available or are insufficient for the 
payment thereof, shall not constitute a claim against the LLP to the extent of such unavailability or 
insufficiency until such time as the LLP has assets sufficient to pay such prior deficiency in accordance 
with such Priorities of Payment, and upon notice of the Applicable Enforcing Party that it has determined 
in its sole opinion that there is no reasonable likelihood of there being any further realisations in respect of 
the related Collateral (whether arising from an enforcement of the security interest created under the 
Security Agreement related to such Collateral or otherwise) which would be available to pay unpaid 
amounts outstanding under the LLP Undertakings, any such unpaid amounts shall be discharged in full. 
The undertakings set forth in this Condition 20 shall survive the termination of the Agency Agreement. 
21.
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
22.
Definitions
"Acceleration Event" means each of the events set out in Condition 7 with respect to a given Class of 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes.

--- Page 236 ---
230 
"Account Bank" means, in relation to a payment denominated in a particular currency, a bank in the 
principal financial centre for such currency as determined by the Calculation Agent or, where the relevant payment 
is denominated in euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
"Additional Business Centre" means each centre specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Additional Disruption Event" means, with respect to a Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes, each of Change in Law, Currency Disruption Event and Issuer Tax Event. 
"Additional Purchased Assets", with respect to a Class, has the meaning set forth in the related 
Repurchase Agreement. 
 "Additional Purchased Securities", with respect to a Class, has the meaning set forth in the related 
Repurchase Agreement. 
"Administration Agreement" means the Administration Agreement, dated November 10, 2010, between 
the LLP, the Issuer and the Administrator, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated. 
"Administrator" means Barclays, in its capacity as Administrator under the Administration Agreement, 
together with any replacement or successor Administrator appointed from time to time. 
"Affiliate" means another entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or 
is controlled by or is under common control with such entity. For purposes of this definition, the term "control" 
means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies 
of an entity, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. An entity shall be 
deemed to be controlled by another entity if such other entity possesses, directly or indirectly, the power to elect a 
majority of the board of directors or equivalent body of the first entity. 
"Agency Agreement" means the English law governed Master Agency Agreement dated the Series 
Closing Date, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated, between the Bank and certain agents. 
"Aggregate Nominal Amount" means, in respect of a Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, 
on the Issue Date, the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of such Class specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and on any date thereafter such amount as reduced by any amortisation or partial redemption on or prior to such 
date. 
"Applicable Enforcing Party" means the Security Trustee with respect to the Security Agreement 
(English Law), the Collateral Agent with respect to the Security Agreement (New York Law) or the Collateral 
Agent with respect to the Loan Security Agreement, as applicable. 
"Bank Jurisdiction" means, at any time, the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Bank or any New Bank 
Issuer substituted therefor in accordance with Condition 14. 
"Bail-in Legislation" means, with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law 
for such EEA Member Country from time to time. 
"Bank of England Base Rate" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the most 
recent published rate for deposits for a period equal to the Designated Maturity which appears on the Reuters Page 
UKBASE as of 5:00 p.m., London time, on the relevant Interest Determination Date or, if such page is not available, 
such replacement page as the Calculation Agent shall select, or if the Calculation Agent determines no suitable 
replacement page exists, the rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner.

--- Page 237 ---
231 
"Banking Day" means, in respect of any city, any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are generally open for business, including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits in that city. 
"Barclays" means Barclays Bank PLC (together with its subsidiary undertakings). 
"Barclays GMRA" means the Global Master Repurchase Agreement, dated as of the Series Closing Date, 
as may be amended and restated on the Second Amendment Closing Date, between Barclays and the LLP, as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated. 
"Barclays MRA" means the MRA, dated on or about the First Amendment Closing Date, entered into 
between Barclays and the LLP, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated. 
"BCI" means Barclays Capital Inc., a corporation incorporated under the laws of the state of Connecticut, 
having its registered office at 745 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019. 
"BCI GMRA" means the GMRA, if any, entered into between BCI and the LLP, as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated. 
"BCI MRA" means the MRA, dated on or about the First Amendment Closing Date, entered into between 
BCI and the LLP, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated. 
"BCSL" means Barclays Capital Securities Limited, a private limited company with registered number 
01929333 incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, having its registered office at 1 Churchill Place, 
London E14 5HP. 
"BCSL GMRA" means the Global Master Repurchase Agreement, dated on or about the First Amendment 
Closing Date, entered into between BCSL and the LLP, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated. 
"Business Day" means a day which is each of: 
(a)
a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
Currency deposits) in London, New York City and any Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b)
in respect of Cleared Notes, a Clearing System Business Day for the Relevant Clearing System; 
(c)
in relation to any sum payable in a Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign Currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Currency (if other than London and any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable 
Final Terms); and 
(d)
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Business Day and a day (other than a Saturday, 
Sunday or public holiday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in London and any Additional Business Centre. 
"Business Day Convention" means any of the business day conventions specified in Condition 5.4. 
"C Rules" means the requirements under US Treasury Regulations section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) and any 
successor regulations or rules in substantively the same form for purposes of section 4701 of the US Internal 
Revenue Code.

--- Page 238 ---
232 
"Calculation Amount" means the Specified Denomination of such Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Note unless a Calculation Amount per Global Collateralised Medium Term Note is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case it shall be such Calculation Amount per Global Collateralised Medium Term Note. 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (a) due to the adoption or announcement of or any 
change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in or public announcement of the formal or informal interpretation by any court, 
tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines in its sole and absolute discretion that (i) the Issuer or any of its 
Affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in performing their obligations under such Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on their tax position), or (ii) the Issuer or any of its Affiliates will be subjected to materially less 
favourable regulatory capital treatment with respect to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and any 
related Repurchase Transactions, as compared with the regulatory capital treatment applicable to the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes and any related Repurchase Transactions as at the Trade Date. For the avoidance 
of doubt, for the purposes of the foregoing, "any applicable law or regulation" shall include the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, any rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and any 
similar law or regulation (collectively, the "Wall Street Act"), and any consequences of a Change in Law as set out 
herein shall apply to any Change in Law arising from any such act, rule or regulation. Furthermore, any additional 
capital charges or other regulatory capital requirements imposed in connection with the Wall Street Act, if material, 
shall constitute "a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under such Transaction" for the purposes of 
(b)(i) of this definition. 
"Class" means the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes of each original issue together with the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes of any further issues expressed to be consolidated to form a single Class 
with the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes of an original issue. 
"Cleared Notes" means any Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that are Global Notes held by a 
Common Depositary, Common Safekeeper or custodian for, or registered in the name of a nominee of, a Relevant 
Clearing System. 
"Clearing System Business Day" means, in respect of a Relevant Clearing System, any day on which such 
Relevant Clearing System is (or, but for the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, would have been) open for 
the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream Banking, S.A. and any successor thereto. 
"Clearstream Rules" means the Management Regulations of Clearstream and the Instructions to 
Participants of Clearstream, as may be from time to time amended, supplemented or modified. 
"CMMA" means (i) the Collateral Management Master Agreement, dated as of 19 April 2007 by and 
between BCSL, as collateral provider, and The Bank of New York Mellon, (ii) the Collateral Management Master 
Agreement, dated as of 19 April 2007 by and between the Bank, as collateral provider, and The Bank of New York 
Mellon, (iii) the Collateral Management Master Agreement, dated as of 4 June 2013 by and between the LLP, as 
collateral receiver, and The Bank of New York Mellon, each as supplemented and otherwise amended by the side 
letter, dated as of 4 June 2013, between The Bank of New York Mellon and the LLP, and (iv) any other Collateral 
Management Master Agreement, entered into by any Seller (other than BCSL or the Bank) and The Bank of New 
York Mellon, as the context may require. 
"CMSA" means (i) the Collateral Management Service Agreement, dated as of the Series Closing Date, as 
amended by the Undertaking and Side Agreement, between the LLP and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, (ii) 
the Collateral Management Service Agreement, dated as of 6 November 2006, as amended by the undertaking and 
side agreement dated as of 4 June 2013, between the Bank and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, and/or (iii) 
the Collateral Management Service Agreement, entered into between any Seller (other than the Bank) and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, as the context may require.

--- Page 239 ---
233 
"Collateral", with respect to a Class, has the meaning set forth in the related Security Agreement. 
"Collateral Administration Agreement" means the Collateral Administration Agreement, dated as of the 
Series Closing Date, among the Issuer, the Administrator, the LLP and the Collateral Administrator, as amended and 
restated on the First Amendment Closing Date and as may be further amended on the Second Amendment Closing 
Date, as the same may be further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated. 
"Collateral Administrator" means The Bank of New York Mellon, in its capacity as collateral 
administrator under the Collateral Administration Agreement, together with any replacement or successor collateral 
administrator appointed from time to time. 
 "Collateral Agent" means The Bank of New York Mellon, in its capacity as Collateral Agent under the 
Security Agreement (New York Law) or the Loan Security Agreement, as applicable, together with any replacement 
or successor Collateral Agent appointed therein from time to time. 
"Common Depositary" means, in relation to a particular Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes, whether listed on any Relevant Stock Exchange or elsewhere, such depositary outside the United States (and 
the possessions of the United States) as shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms with respect to such Class of 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
"Conditions" means, with respect to a Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, the terms and 
conditions of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes set out in the Base Conditions, read in conjunction with 
the provisions of the applicable Final Terms. 
"Confirmation", with respect to any Repurchase Agreement, has the meaning set forth therein. 
"Credit Support Deed" means any Credit Support Deed between the LLP and the Issuer related to the 
Issuer Collateral Posting Election, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated. 
"Currency" means, with respect to a country, the lawful currency of such country. 
"Currency Disruption Event" means, with respect to a Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes, the occurrence or official declaration of an event impacting one or more Currencies that the Issuer, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, determines would materially disrupt or impair its ability to meet its obligations in the 
Currency of such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or otherwise settle, clear, or hedge such Class of 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
"Custodial Agreement" means (i) the CMMA, for as long as it remains in effect in accordance with its 
terms, (ii) the CMSA, for as long as it remains in effect in accordance with its terms, (iii) each Custodial 
Undertaking, for as long as it remains in effect in accordance with its terms, (iv) each Custodial Arrangement, for as 
long as it remains in effect in accordance with its terms, (v) the Restricted Securities Collateral Custody Agreement, 
for as long as it remains in effect in accordance with its terms, (vi) the Mortgage Custodial Undertaking, for as long 
as it remains in effect in accordance with its terms, and/or (vii) any other agreements executed by the LLP with a 
custodian in connection with the Notes, for as long as such agreements remain in effect in accordance with their 
terms, in each case as the context may require. 
"Custodial Arrangement" means (i) the custodial undertaking, dated on or about the First Amendment 
Closing Date, in relation to the BCI MRA, among the LLP, BCI, as Seller, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as 
Custodian (including any side letter related thereto), (ii) the custodial undertaking, dated on or about the First 
Amendment Closing Date, in relation to the Barclays MRA, among the LLP, the Bank, as Seller, and JPMorgan 
Chase Bank, N.A., as Custodian (including any side letter related thereto) and (iii) each other custodial arrangement 
(including any side letter related thereto) in relation to one or more of the Barclays GMRA, BCI GMRA (if any), or 
BCSL GMRA entered into on or after the First Amendment Closing Date, among JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as a 
Custodian, the LLP as buyer, and the applicable Seller, as seller, each as amended and/or supplemented and/or 
restated.

--- Page 240 ---
234 
"Custodial Undertaking" means (i) the custodial undertaking, dated as of 19 November 2010, as amended 
and restated on 21 October 2011, among the LLP, BCI as a Seller, and The Bank of New York Mellon as a 
Custodian and (ii) the custodial undertaking, dated on or about the First Amendment Closing Date, among the LLP, 
the Bank as a Seller, and The Bank of New York Mellon as a Custodian. 
"Custodian" means, as the context may require, (i) The Bank of New York Mellon, (A) in its capacity as 
custodian under the applicable Custodial Undertaking, the CMMA, the Restricted Securities Collateral Custody 
Agreement and the ICPE Collateral Account Agreement, if any, together with any replacement or successor 
custodian appointed from time to time, (B) in its capacity as custodian under the Custody Agreement, together with 
any replacement or successor custodian appointed from time to time and (C) in its capacity as Master Mortgage 
Custodian under the BNYM Mortgage Custodial Undertaking, together with any replacement or successor custodian 
appointed from time to time, (ii) Clearstream, Luxembourg, in its capacity as custodian under the CMSA, together 
with any replacement or successor custodian appointed from time to time, (iii) JPMorgan Bank, N.A., in its capacity 
as custodian under each Custodial Arrangement, together with any replacement or successor custodian appointed 
under that agreement from time to time, (iv) J.P. Morgan Bank Luxembourg S.A., in its capacity as custodian under 
the JPM CMSA, together with any replacement or successor custodian appointed under that agreement from time to 
time, (v) U.S. Bank National Association in its capacity as Master Mortgage Custodian under the U.S. Bank 
Mortgage Custodial Undertaking, together with any replacement or successor custodian appointed from time to time 
and/or (vi) any other party appointed by the LLP and a Seller in connection with the Notes and any Repurchase 
Agreement, together with any replacement or successor custodian appointed from time to time, as the context may 
require. 
"Custody Agreement" means the Custody Agreement dated as of the Series Closing Date, as amended and 
restated by the Deed of Amendment and Restatement dated as of 21 December 2012, entered into by and between 
the LLP as security provider, The Bank of New York Mellon (London Branch), as a custodian, and The Bank of 
New York Mellon, as Security Trustee, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated. 
"D Rules" means the requirements under US Treasury Regulations section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) and any 
successor regulations or rules in substantively the same form for purposes of section 4701 of the US Internal 
Revenue Code. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note for any period of time (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the 
"Calculation Period"):  
(a)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, a fraction equal to "number of 
days accrued/number of days in year", as such terms are used in Rule 251 of the statutes, by-laws, rules 
and recommendations of the International Capital Market Association (the "ICMA Rule Book"), 
calculated in accordance with Rule 251 of the ICMA Rule Book as applied to non US dollar 
denominated straight and convertible bonds issued after 31 December 1998, as though the interest 
coupon on a bond were being calculated for a coupon period corresponding to the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made;
(b)
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of calendar days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of calendar days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of calendar days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(c)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)"  is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365;
(d)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360;

--- Page 241 ---
235 
(e)
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period unless such number would be 
31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(f)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of calendar 
days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period unless such number would be 
31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(g)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of calendar days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;











360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
x
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
x
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2











360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
x
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
x
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2











360
)
D
D
(
)]
M
M
(
x
30
[
)]
Y
Y
(
x
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2

--- Page 242 ---
236 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
"Deposit Account Control Agreement", with respect to any Class, has the meaning set forth in the 
Security Agreement (New York Law). 
"Designated Maturity" means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the period of time specified in respect of 
such Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing selected by the 
Issuer; 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means, subject to the applicable Final Terms, the period that ends 40 
calendar days after the completion of the distribution of each Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, as 
certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead Dealer (in the case of a 
syndicated issue). 
"DTC" means The Depository Trust Company or any successor thereto. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent as follows: 
(i) 
in the case of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal 
to the Issue Price, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(ii) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Global Collateralised Medium Term Note, at an amount 
(the "Amortised Face Amount") equal to the sum of: 
(a) 
the Reference Price set forth in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) set forth in the applicable Final 
Terms being applied to the Reference Price set forth in the applicable Final Terms from 
(and including) the Issue Date of the first Class of the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note becomes due and 
repayable,  
(iii) 
in the case of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note with an issue price of less than 100.00 
per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount, at an amount equal to the sum of (a) the Issue Price; 
and (b) the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Issue Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date upon which such Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note becomes due and repayable.; or 
(iv) 
such other amount as is provided in the applicable Final Terms,

--- Page 243 ---
237 
taking into account any Early Redemption Costs (which, for the avoidance of doubt, will reduce the Early 
Redemption Amount). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, it shall be made (i) in the 
case of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, on the basis of 
a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each; (ii) in the case of a Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Note payable in euro, on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed divided by 365 (or, if any of the days 
elapsed falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the number of those days falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the 
number of those days falling in a non leap year divided by 365); or (iii) in the case of a Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note with an issue price of less than 100.00 per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount, on an 
Actual/360 basis.  
"Early Redemption Costs" means an amount per Global Collateralised Medium Term Note equal to the 
pro rata share of the total amount of any and all costs, charges, taxes, expenses and duties associated or incurred (or 
expected to be incurred) by (or on behalf of) the Issuer in connection with such early redemption, including, without 
limitation, any costs, charges, taxes, expenses and duties associated with terminating, liquidating, obtaining or re-
establishing any hedge or related trading position or any other financial instruments or transactions entered into by 
the Issuer in connection with the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes (including, but not limited to, hedge 
termination costs (if any), funding breakage costs (if any) and associated costs of funding, whether actual or 
notional), together with costs, expenses, fees or taxes incurred by the Issuer in respect of any such financial 
instruments or transactions, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. In determining such amount, the Calculation 
Agent may take into account prevailing market prices and/or proprietary pricing models or, where these pricing 
methods may not yield a commercially reasonable result, may determine such amount in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
"Early Redemption Date" means the last day of the relevant Early Redemption Notice Period or such 
other date specified or determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.3. 
"Early Redemption Notice Period" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.4(b). 
"EEA Member Country" means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, 
and Norway. 
"Effective Interest Payment Date" means any date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Equivalent Margin Securities" has the meaning set forth in each Repurchase Agreement. 
"Equivalent Securities" means Eligible Securities equivalent to Purchased Securities. 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of pound sterling (including compliance with rules 
relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Community regulations) into euro established by the 
Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 123 of the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended. 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V or any successor thereto. 
"Euroclear Rules" means the terms and conditions governing the use of Euroclear and the operating 
procedures of Euroclear, as may be amended, supplemented or modified from time to time.

--- Page 244 ---
238 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprising of member states of the European Union that have adopted the 
euro as the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"Exchange Business Day" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Note, the calendar day falling after the expiry 
of 40 calendar days after its issue date and, in relation to a Permanent Global Note, a calendar day falling not less 
than 60 calendar days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for 
business in the city in which the specified office of the Issue and Paying Agent is located and (if applicable) in the 
city in which the Relevant Clearing System is located. 
"Exchange Event" means in respect of Cleared Notes, that the Issuer has been notified that any Relevant 
Clearing System have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system is available. 
"Exchange Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 1.2(d). 
"Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange of the Currency of one country for the Currency of another 
country, as determined by the Calculation Agent unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Extension Option Exercise Date" means each date that is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no date is specified, each date that is a Business Day within the Extension Option Exercise Period. 
"Extension Option Exercise Notice" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 4.5. 
"Extension Option Exercise Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if no such period is specified, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the fifteenth 
Business Day preceding the Maturity Date. 
"Extension Option Notice Period" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 4.5. 
"Extension Option Notice Period Number" means, in respect of a Class of Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes, 15 (or, in relation to an Extension Option which is validly exercised following a valid exercise of a Put 
Option but prior to the Optional Redemption Date for such Put Option, the number of days remaining in the Put 
Notice Period for such Put Option) unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed in accordance with the Agency Agreement relating 
to the relevant Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
"FATCA" means sections 1471 through 1474 of the US Internal Revenue Code, UW Treasury Regulations 
thereunder, any agreement entered into by the Issuer, a paying agent or an intermediary with the IRS pursuant to 
section 1471(b)(1) of the US Internal Revenue Code, any intergovernmental agreement concluded by the United 
States with another country (such as the country of residence of the Issuer, a paying agent or an intermediary) 
facilitating the implementation thereof and any law, regulation, or official practices or procedures implementing 
such intergovernmental agreements. 
"Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus at http://www.federalreserve.gov, or any successor website of the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means an amount per Calculation Amount (determined as at the Maturity 
Date) in the Currency specified, or determined in the manner specified for such purpose, in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 245 ---
239 
"Final Terms" means, with respect to a Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, the final terms 
specified as such for such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
"First Amendment Closing Date" means 24 September 2013. 
"FOMC Target Rate" means the short-term interest rate target set by the Federal Open Market Committee 
and published on the Federal Reserve's Website or, if the Federal Open Market Committee does not target a single 
rate, the mid-point of the short-term interest rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee and 
published on the Federal Reserve's Website (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound of the target 
range and the lower bound of the target range); 
"GCMTN Series Documents" means the Agency Agreement, the Security Agreements, the Collateral 
Administration Agreement, the LLP Undertakings, each relevant Repurchase Agreement, the Custodial Agreements, 
the Dealer Agreement, the Transaction Bank Agreement, the Custody Agreement, the ICPE Collateral Account 
Agreement, if any, the GCMTN Deed of Covenant, the Credit Support Deed, if any, the Securities Account Control 
Agreements and the Deposit Account Control Agreement, together with any other documents, agreements or 
instruments executed in connection therewith. 
"Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes" means any Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
which may from time to time be issued under the Series. Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to a 
"Global Collateralised Medium Term Note" shall be deemed to refer to a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note 
having a nominal amount equal to the relevant Specified Denomination. 
"ICPE Collateral Account Agreement" means (i) any ICPE Collateral Account Agreement, as amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated, to be entered into between the Issuer, the LLP and The Bank of New York 
Mellon, as the Custodian, with respect to all or any portion of the Repurchase Transactions having a Seller other 
than the Issuer or BCSL and/or (ii) any additional or replacement agreement therefor entered into by the Issuer in 
connection with an Issuer Collateral Posting Election, as the context may require. 
"Insolvency Event" means, with respect to any person (i) such person is unable or admits its inability to 
pay its debts as they fall due, or suspends making payments on any of its debts; or (ii) the value of the assets of such 
person is less than the amount of its liabilities, taking into account its contingent and prospective liabilities; or (iii) a 
moratorium is declared with respect to any indebtedness of such person; or (iv) the commencement of negotiations 
with one or more creditors of such person with a view to rescheduling any indebtedness of such person; or (v) any 
corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step is taken in relation to (1) the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official in relation to 
such person or in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of such person; or (2) an 
encumbrancer (excluding, in relation to the Applicable Enforcing Party for any Series) taking possession of all or 
substantially all of the undertaking or assets of such person; or (3) the making of an arrangement, composition, or 
compromise, (whether by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or otherwise) with any creditor of 
such person, a reorganisation of such person, a conveyance to or assignment for the creditors of such person 
generally or the making of an application to a court of competent jurisdiction for protection from the creditors of 
such person generally; or (4) any distress, execution, attachment or other process being levied or enforced or 
imposed upon or against all or substantially all of the undertaking or assets of such person (excluding, in relation to 
the Issuer, by any receiver); or (vi) such person is not Solvent; or (vii) any procedure or step is taken, or any event 
occurs, analogous to those set forth in (i) to (vi) of this definition, in any jurisdiction. 
"Intercompany Loan Agreement" means the Intercompany Loan Agreement, dated on or about the Initial 
Closing Date, between the Issuer, the Administrator and the LLP, as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated. 
"Interest Amount" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount (determined as at the first day of such Interest Period unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) for that Interest Period.

--- Page 246 ---
240 
"Interest Commencement Date" means, in respect of any interest bearing Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Note, the Issue Date or such other date as may be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to an Interest Rate and an Interest Period, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified: 
(a) 
the date falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, if the 
Relevant Currency is euro; or 
(b) 
in any other case, the date falling two London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period, 
provided that if "Arrears Setting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of each Interest Period shall be the first day of the next following Interest Period or, in 
the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity Date, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period End Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period End 
Date. 
"Interest Period End Date" means each date specified as such or, if none, each Interest Payment Date, 
provided that if an Interest Period End Date is specified not to be adjusted or the Interest Rate is Fixed Rate and an 
adjustment method is not specified, the Interest Period End Date will be each date specified as such or, if none, 
each Interest Payment Date disregarding any adjustment in accordance with any applicable Business Day 
Convention. 
"IRS" means the US Internal Revenue Service. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, published by ISDA, as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
"ISDA Rate" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a rate as determined by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Period unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
where, for the purposes of this definition, "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated 
Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions 
and "Calculation Agent" shall have the meaning given to the term "Calculation Agent" in the ISDA Definitions and 
the Calculation Agent for this purpose shall be the Calculation Agent specified in the Final Terms. 
"Issue Price" means the price specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Issuer" means the Bank. 
"Issuer Event of Default" means each of the following events:

--- Page 247 ---
241 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay any portion of the face amount or principal or interest, if any, with respect to 
any of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes on the due date with respect thereto; 
(b) 
the occurrence of a Repurchase Event of Default under any Repurchase Agreement between the 
LLP and the Issuer; or 
(c) 
the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the Issuer. 
"Issuer Collateral Posting Election" has the meaning set forth in the Credit Support Deed. 
"Issuer Make-Whole Redemption Notice Period" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 4.7. 
"Issuer Notice Period" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 4.3. 
"Issuer Notice Period Number" means, in respect of a Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes, 15 (or, in relation to a Call Option which is validly exercised following a valid exercise of a Put Option but 
prior to the Optional Redemption Date for such Put Option, the number of days remaining in the Put Notice Period 
for such Put Option) unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Issuer Option Exercise Date" means, if applicable, with respect to a "Call Option", each date that is 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no date is specified, each date that is a Business Day within the 
Issuer Option Exercise Period. 
"Issuer Option Exercise Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such period is specified, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
"Issuer Tax Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 9 unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"JPM CMSA" means (i) the Collateral Management Service Agreement, dated on or about 18 September 
2019, between the LLP and J.P. Morgan Bank Luxembourg S.A., (ii) the Collateral Management Service 
Agreement, dated as of 12 November 2018, between the Bank and J.P. Morgan Bank Luxembourg S.A., and/or (iii) 
the Collateral Management Service Agreement, entered into between any Seller (other than Barclays) and J.P. 
Morgan Bank Luxembourg S.A., as the context may require. 
"Linear Interpolation" means the straight-line interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
ISDA Rate or Screen Rate (as applicable), one of which will be determined as if the Specified Duration were the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the affected Interest Period and the other 
of which will be determined as if the Specified Duration were the period of time for which rates are available next 
longer than the length of such Interest Period. 
"Liquidation Member" means Barclays Shea Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales as a 
private limited company (registered number 7419590). 
"LLP Deed" means the Limited Liability Partnership Deed, dated on or about the Initial Closing Date, 
between the LLP, the Issuer, the Administrator and the Liquidation Member, as amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated. 
"LLP Event of Default" means each of the following events: 
(a) the occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the LLP; or 
(b) commencement of winding-up proceedings against the LLP in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of the LLP Deed.

--- Page 248 ---
242 
"LLP Undertaking" means the LLP Undertaking (English Law), the LLP Undertaking (New York Law) 
or the LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Assets), as applicable. 
"LLP Undertaking (English Law)" means the LLP Undertaking, dated as of the Series Closing Date, 
executed by the LLP in favour of the Security Trustee for the benefit of the holders of the Notes. 
"LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Assets)" means the LLP Undertaking, dated on or about 17 September 
2018, executed by the LLP in favour of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the holders of the Notes. 
"LLP Undertaking (New York Law)" means the LLP Undertaking, dated on or about the First 
Amendment Closing Date, executed by the LLP in favour of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the holders of the 
Notes. 
"Loan Security Agreement" means the Amended and Restated Mortgage Asset Security Agreement dated 
as of 8 August 2019 between the LLP, as Grantor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Collateral Agent. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 4.7. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Date" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 4.7. 
"Margin" means the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Margin Transfer" has the meaning set forth in each Repurchase Agreement. 
"Market Value", with respect to any Series, has the meaning set forth in the Series Definitions Schedule 
with respect to such Series. When determining the "Market Value" for purposes of making the calculation in Section 
16.1(b)(ii) of the Security Agreement (English Law) or Section 6.04(b)(ii) of the Security Agreement (New York 
law) as applicable the Custodian shall compute Market Value in the same manner and as of the same time that 
"Default Market Value" is computed pursuant to paragraph 10(e)(i)(B)(cc) of the TBMA/ISMA Global Master 
Repurchase Agreement (2000 Version) on the basis that the seller is the defaulting party and the Security Trustee, 
acting on behalf of the Directing Investor Class, the non-defaulting party. 
 "Master Mortgage Custodian" means (i) The Bank of New York Mellon or its successor, in its capacity 
as master mortgage custodian pursuant to the BNYM Mortgage Custodial Undertaking and (ii) U.S. Bank National 
Association or its successor, in its capacity as master mortgage custodian pursuant to the U.S. Bank Mortgage 
Custodial Undertaking. 
"Maturity Date" means, in respect of any Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, the date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means the reference rate specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Mortgage Loan" has the meaning set forth in the Loan Security Agreement; 
"Mortgage Custodial Agreement" means (i) the Mortgage Custodial Undertaking and/or (ii) any other 
agreements executed by the LLP with a mortgage custodian in connection with the Notes relating to the custody of 
Mortgage Loans subject to an Applicable Repurchase Agreement, for as long as such agreements remain in effect in 
accordance with their terms, in each case as the context may require.

--- Page 249 ---
243 
"Mortgage Custodial Undertaking" means (i) the Amended and Restated Mortgage Custodial 
Undertaking, dated on or about 8 August 2019, among the LLP, as buyer, the Bank as a Seller and The Bank of New 
York Mellon, as Master Mortgage Custodian, as the same shall be modified and supplemented and in effect from 
time to time, pursuant to which Master Mortgage Custodian holds Repurchase Assets, together with such additional 
documents as may be required under the Applicable Repurchase Agreement or such Mortgage Custodial 
Undertaking (the "BNYM Mortgage Custodial Undertaking") and (ii) the Mortgage Custodial Undertaking, dated 
on or about 11 January 2021, among the LLP, as buyer, the Bank as a Seller and U.S. Bank National Association, as 
the Master Mortgage Custodian, as the same shall be modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time, 
pursuant to which Master Mortgage Custodian holds Repurchase Assets, together with such additional documents as 
may be required under the Applicable Repurchase Agreement or such Mortgage Custodial Undertaking. 
"Mortgage Custodian" means, as the context may require, (i) the Master Mortgage Custodian and (ii) such 
other Person acting as a mortgage custodian pursuant to a Mortgage Custodial Agreement. 
"Mortgage Repo Class" means a Class, the Class Collateral for which includes or is constituted by 
Mortgage Loans or interests therein, as noted in the related Final Terms. 
"New York City Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in New York City; 
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus at http://www.newyorkfed.org/, or any successor website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York. 
"Nominal Amount" means the amount per Global Collateralised Medium Term Note specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Conditions of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note. 
"OBFR" means, with respect to any OBFR Interest Reset Date: 
(a)
the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate in respect of the New York City Banking Day 
immediately preceding such OBFR Interest Reset Date as provided by the Federal Reserve, as the 
administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator), on the New York Federal Reserve's Website on or 
about 5:00 p.m. (New York time) on such OBFR Interest Reset Date, 
(b)
if the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate does not appear on such OBFR Interest Reset Date as 
specified in paragraph (A), unless both an OBFR Index Cessation Event and an OBFR Index Cessation 
Date have occurred, the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the New York Federal Reserve's Website; or 
(c)
if an OBFR Index Cessation Event and an OBFR Index Cessation Date have occurred, 
(i)
the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) that was recommended as the replacement for the 
daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board 
of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the 
purpose of recommending a replacement for the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate (which rate may 
be produced by a Federal Reserve Bank or other designated administrator); provided that, 
(ii)
if no such rate has been recommended within one U.S. Government Securities Business Day of the 
OBFR Index Cessation Event has occurred, then the rate for each OBFR Interest Reset Date occurring 
on or after the OBFR Index Cessation Date will be determined as if (i) references to OBFR were 
references to FOMC Target Rate, (ii) references to U.S. Government Securities Business Day were 
references to New York City Banking Day and (iii) references to the New York Federal Reserve's 
Website were references to the Federal Reserve's Website; 
(iii)
if the above provisions fail to provide a means of determining the Interest Rate, Condition 3.2(k) shall

--- Page 250 ---
244 
apply; 
"OBFR Index Cessation Date" means, in respect of an OBFR Index Cessation Event, the date on which 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the OBFR) ceases to publish the OBFR, 
or the date as of which the OBFR may no longer be used; 
"OBFR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a)
a public statement by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the 
OBFR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to publish or provide the OBFR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will continue to publish or 
provide an OBFR; 
(b)
the publication of information which reasonably confirms that the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York (or a successor administrator of the OBFR) has ceased or will cease to provide the OBFR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to publish or provide the OBFR; or 
(c)
a public statement by a regulator or other official sector entity prohibiting the use of the OBFR 
that applies to, but need not be limited to, fixed income securities and derivatives, to the extent that such 
public statement has been acknowledged in writing by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. as an "OBFR Index Cessation Event" under the ISDA Definitions; 
"OBFR Interest Reset Date" means each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; provided, however, that the OBFR with respect to each OBFR Interest Reset Date in the period from 
and including, the OBFR Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest Payment Date of an 
Interest Period, will be the OBFR with respect to the OBFR Interest Reset Date coinciding with the OBFR Rate Cut-
Off Date for such Interest Period; 
"OBFR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to the Interest Payment Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period; 
"Observation Method" shall be as set out in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Cancellation Date" means, in relation to a Put Option, the Put Option Exercise Date in respect 
of which the Put Option is exercised or such other date specified or determined in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means an amount per Calculation Amount specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, taking into account any Early Redemption Costs (which, for the avoidance of doubt, will 
reduce the Optional Redemption Amount). 
"Optional Redemption Date" means (i) in relation to a put option, the last day of the Put Notice Period, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (ii) in relation to a call option, the last day of the Issuer 
Notice Period unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Option Exercise Notice" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2. 
"Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments", with respect to any Class, has the meaning set forth in the 
related Security Agreement. 
"Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments" has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4 of the Collateral 
Administration Agreement. 
"Principal Amount Outstanding" means in respect of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note on any 
day the principal amount of that Global Collateralised Medium Term Note on the date on which the Issuer issued

--- Page 251 ---
245 
such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note, less principal amounts received by the relevant Noteholder(s) 
in respect thereof on or prior to that day. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Priority of Payments" means the Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments and the Post-Acceleration 
Priority of Payments. 
"Programme Documents" means, collectively, the LLP Deed, the Intercompany Loan Agreement and the 
Administration Agreement. 
"Proceedings" has the meaning given it in Condition 15.2. 
"Purchase Date" with respect to any Repurchase Transaction, has the meaning set forth in the related 
Confirmation. 
"Purchase Price" with respect to any Repurchase Transaction under any Repurchase Agreement, has the 
meaning set forth therein. 
"Purchased Assets" has the meaning set forth in the Loan Security Agreement. 
"Purchased Securities" means, as of any time, each security (or interest therein) sold or transferred by a 
Seller to the LLP pursuant to any Repurchase Transaction.  
"Put Notice Period" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 4.2. 
"Put Notice Period Number" means, in respect of a Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, 
15 unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Put Option Exercise Date" means each date that is specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if no date is specified, each date that is a Business Day within the Put Option Exercise Period. 
"Put Option Exercise Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such period is specified, the period from (but excluding) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the fifteenth Business Day 
preceding the Maturity Date. 
"Rate Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Record Date" means, in relation to a payment under a Registered Note, the fifteenth calendar day 
(whether or not such fifteenth calendar day is a business day) before the relevant due date for such payment, except 
that, with respect to Cleared Notes that are represented by a Global Registered Note, it shall be the day specified in 
Condition 6.3(d). 
"Redemption Amount" means the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as applicable. 
"Redemption Margin" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Redemption Rate" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if non, four major banks selected 
by the Issuer (following, where practicable, consultation with the Determination Agent, if applicable, or the

--- Page 252 ---
246 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be) in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate, as 
selected by the Issuer on the advise of an investment bank of international repute. 
"Reference Rate" means (i) EURIBOR, (ii) SONIA, (iii) SOFR, (iii) €STR and (iv) OBFR, in each case 
for the relevant currency and for the relevant period, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Register" means, with respect to any Registered Notes, the register of holders of such Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes maintained by the applicable Registrar. 
"Regulation S Global Note" means a Regulation S Note in global form. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means, as appropriate, Euroclear, Clearstream, DTC and/or such other 
clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, through which interests in Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes are to be held and/or through an account at which such Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes are to be cleared. 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Global Collateralised Medium Term Note or Coupon, the date on 
which payment or delivery in respect of it first becomes due (or would have first become due if all conditions to 
settlement had been satisfied) or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date five calendar days after that on 
which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Note or Coupon being made in accordance with these Base Conditions, such payment will be made, provided 
that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
"Relevant Financial Centre" shall mean the financial centre specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
or if none is so specified (i) London, in the case of a determination of SONIA, (ii) Brussels, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR or €STR and (iii) New York, in the case of a determination of SOFR; 
"Relevant Rules" means the Rules of the Relevant Clearing System. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such Reuters screen page as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
relevant screen page of such other service or services as may be nominated as the information vendor for the 
purpose of displaying comparable rates in succession thereto) or such other equivalent information vending service 
as is so specified. 
"Relevant Settlement Day" means a Clearing System Business Day unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Stock Exchange" means, in respect of any Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, 
the stock exchange upon which such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are listed as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, if any. 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Repurchase Agreement" means the (i) Barclays GMRA, (ii) the Barclays MRA, (iii) the BCSL GMRA, 
(iv) the BCI GMRA (if any), (v) the BCI MRA and/or (vi) any other repurchase agreement that may be entered into 
by the LLP from time to time in connection with the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, as the context may 
require, each as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated. 
"Repurchase Events of Default" has the meaning set forth in the applicable Repurchase Agreement. 
"Repurchase Date" means, with respect to any Repurchase Transaction, the meaning set forth in the 
related Confirmation. 
"Repurchase Price" means, with respect to any Repurchase Agreement, the meaning set forth therein.

--- Page 253 ---
247 
"Repurchase Transaction" means a transaction in which a Seller agrees to transfer to the LLP securities or 
other assets ("Repurchase Assets") against the transfer of funds by the LLP, with a simultaneous agreement by the 
LLP to transfer to such Seller such Repurchase Assets at a date certain or on demand, against the transfer of funds 
by such Seller. 
"Restricted Securities Collateral Custody Agreement" means the Global Custody Agreement, dated as 
of the Second Amendment Closing Date, between The Bank of New York Mellon, as Custodian, and the LLP, as 
customer. 
"Rules" means the Clearstream Rules, the Euroclear Rules and/or the terms and conditions and any 
procedures governing the use of such other Relevant Clearing System as may be specified in the Final Terms 
relating to a particular issue of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
"Second Amendment Closing Date" means 11 December 2017.
"Secured Obligations" with respect to any Class, has the meaning set forth in the related Security 
Agreement. 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
"Security Agreement" means the Security Agreement (English Law), the Security Agreement (New York 
Law) or the Loan Security Agreement, as applicable, each as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated. 
"Security Agreement (English Law)" means the English law governed Security Agreement, dated as of 
the Series Closing Date, as amended and restated on or about the First Amendment Closing Date, between the LLP, 
the Security Trustee, the Administrator and the Collateral Administrator, as further amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated. 
"Security Agreement (New York Law)" means the New York law governed Security Agreement, dated 
on or about the First Amendment Closing Date, as may be amended and restated as of the Second Amendment 
Closing Date, between the LLP, the Collateral Agent, the Administrator and the Collateral Administrator, as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or restated. 
"Security Trustee" means The Bank of New York Mellon, in its capacity as security trustee under the 
Security Agreement (English Law), together with any replacement or successor security trustee appointed therein 
from time to time. 
"Seller" means (i) in relation to the Barclays GMRA and the Barclays MRA, the Bank, (ii) in relation to the 
BCSL GMRA, BCSL, (iii) in relation to the BCI GMRA (if any) or the BCI MRA, BCI, (iv) in relation to any other 
Repurchase Agreement, the seller named therein and/or (v) any other seller appointed pursuant to Section 2.5 of the 
Administration Agreement, as the context may require. 
"Series" means the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series as defined in, established by and 
contemplated in the Agency Agreement, as the same may be from time to time amended, supplemented or modified. 
"Series Closing Date" means 6 December 2012. 
"Settlement Expenses" means, in respect of any Global Collateralised Medium Term Note or Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes, any costs, fees and expenses or other amounts (other than in relation to Taxes) 
payable by a Noteholder per Calculation Amount on or in respect of or in connection with the redemption, exercise 
or settlement of such Global Collateralised Medium Term Note or Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Shared Collateral Class Group" has the meaning set forth in the related Security Agreement.

--- Page 254 ---
248 
"SIFMA" means the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association or any successor thereto; 
"SOFR" shall have the meaning given to such term in Condition 3.2(d) (Floating Rate Note Provisions and 
Benchmark Replacement — Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR); 
"SOFR Determination Time" shall have the meaning given to such term in Condition 3.2(d) (Floating 
Rate Note Provisions and Benchmark Replacement — Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which 
reference SONIA, SOFR or €STR); 
"SONIA" shall have the meaning given to such term in Condition 3.2(d) (Floating Rate Note Provisions 
and Benchmark Replacement — Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR); 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the Final Terms. 
"Specified Duration" means the duration specified as such or, if none, a period equal to the corresponding 
Interest Period, ignoring any adjustment made in accordance with any Business Day convention. 
"Successor" means, in relation to any Agent or such other or further person as may from time to time be 
appointed by the Issuer in respect of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, the person identified as the 
successor to such Agent or other person by the Calculation Agent (or, if the successor relates to the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer) in its sole and absolute discretion. Notice of any Successor identified shall be given to 
Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after such identification in accordance with Condition 13. 
"TARGET Business Day" means a day on which the TARGET System is operating. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro; 
"TARGET System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007 
("TARGET2") (or, if such system ceases to be operative, such other system (if any) determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be a suitable replacement). 
"Taxes" means any tax, duty, impost, levy, charge or contribution in the nature of taxation or any 
withholding or deduction for or on account thereof, including (but not limited to) any applicable stock exchange tax, 
turnover tax, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature chargeable or payable and includes any interest and penalties in respect thereof. 
"TEFRA" means the US Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Transaction Documents" means, collectively, the Programme Documents and the GCMTN Series 
Documents. 
"UK Bail-in Power" means, with respect to any Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion 
powers of such Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA 
Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on 
which SIFMA recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities.

--- Page 255 ---
249 
"U.S. Internal Revenue Code" means sections the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
"Uncertificated Regulations" means the United Kingdom Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 
(SI 2001/3755) including any modification or re-enactment thereof from time to time in force. 
"Unextended Notes" has the meaning given to such term in Condition 4.5; and 
"Variable Rate" has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.3.

--- Page 256 ---
250 
BOOK-ENTRY PROCEDURES FOR RULE 144A GLOBAL NOTES DEPOSITED WITH DTC 
The Rule 144A Global Notes will be issued in the form of Global Registered Notes, without Coupons or Talons. 
Upon issuance, one or more Global Notes will be deposited with either (i) a custodian for DTC and registered in the 
name of Cede & Co., as nominee of DTC, or (ii) a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream. 
Ownership of beneficial interests in a Global Note deposited with DTC will be limited to persons who have accounts 
with DTC ("DTC Participants") or persons who hold interests through DTC Participants. The Issuer expect that, 
under procedures established by DTC: 
● 
upon deposit of a Global Note with DTC's custodian, DTC will credit portions of the nominal 
amount, calculation amount or number of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes of the 
relevant Class, as applicable, represented by the Global Note to the accounts of the DTC 
Participants designated by the Administrator; and 
● 
ownership of beneficial interests in a Global Note will be shown on, and transfer of ownership of 
those interests will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC (with respect to interests 
of DTC Participants) and the records of DTC Participants (with respect to other owners of 
beneficial interests in the Global Note). 
Beneficial interests in a Global Note may not be exchanged for Definitive Notes except in the limited circumstances 
described below. 
Any Global Note and beneficial interests in the Global Note will be subject to restrictions on transfer as described 
under "Clearance, Settlement and Transfer Restrictions — Transfer Restrictions for Registered Notes". 
Book-Entry Procedures for Global Notes 
All interests in Global Notes will be subject to the operations and procedures of DTC. The following summary of 
those operations and procedures are provided solely for the convenience of investors. The operations and procedures 
of DTC are controlled by DTC and may be changed at any time. Neither the Issuer nor the Administrator is 
responsible for those operations or procedures. 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it is: 
● 
a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking Law; 
● 
a "banking organisation" within the meaning of the New York Banking Law; 
● 
a member of the Federal Reserve System; 
● 
a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code; and 
● 
a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to the provisions of section 17A of the US Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). 
DTC was created to hold securities for its participants and to facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities 
transactions between its participants through electronic book-entry changes to the Book-Entry Procedures for 
Rule 144A Global Notes Deposited with DTC accounts of its participants, thereby eliminating the need for physical 
transfer and delivery of certificates. DTC's Participants include securities brokers and dealers, including the initial 
purchasers; banks and trust companies; and clearing corporations and other organisations. Indirect access to DTC's 
system is also available to others such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies; these indirect participants 
clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a DTC Participant, either directly or indirectly. Investors who

--- Page 257 ---
251 
are not DTC Participants may beneficially own securities held by or on behalf of DTC only through DTC 
Participants or indirect participants in DTC. 
So long as DTC's nominee is the registered owner of a Registered Global Note, that nominee will be considered the 
sole owner or holder of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes of the relevant Class represented by that 
Registered Global Note for all purposes under the Agency Agreement (as amended from time to time). Except as 
provided below, owners of beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note: 
● 
will not be entitled to have Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes represented by a Registered 
Global Note registered in their names; 
● 
will not receive or be entitled to receive Definitive Notes; and 
● 
will not be considered the owners or holders of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
under the Agency Agreement (as amended from time to time) for any purpose, including with 
respect to the giving of any direction, instruction or approval to the Issue and Paying Agent under 
the Agency Agreement (as amended from time to time). 
As a result, each investor who owns a beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note must rely on the procedures of 
DTC to exercise any rights of a holder of Securities under the Agency Agreement (as amended from time to time) 
(and, if the investor is not a participant or an indirect participant in DTC, on the procedures of the DTC Participant 
through which the investor owns its interest). 
Payments of principal, premium (if any), additional amounts (if any) and interest (if any) with respect to the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes represented by a Registered Global Note will be made by the New York Agent 
to DTC's nominee as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. Neither the Issuer nor the New York 
Agent will have any responsibility or liability for the payment of amounts to owners of beneficial interests in a 
Global Note, for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of those interests by DTC, or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records of DTC relating to those interests. 
Payments by DTC Participants and indirect participants in DTC to the owners of beneficial interests in a Registered 
Global Note will be governed by standing instructions and customary industry practice and will be the responsibility 
of those DTC Participants or indirect participants and DTC. 
Transfers between DTC Participants will be effected under DTC's procedures and will be settled in same-day funds. 
Registered Definitive Securities 
Registered Definitive Notes will be issued and delivered to each person that DTC identifies as a beneficial owner of 
the related Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes only on the occurrence of one of the following events: 
● 
DTC notifies the Issuer at any time that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for the 
Registered Global Notes and a successor depositary is not appointed within 90 days; 
● 
DTC ceases to be registered as a clearing agency under the Exchange Act and a successor 
depositary is not appointed within 90 days; or 
● 
the Issuer, at its option, notifies the New York Agent that it elects to cause the issuance of 
Registered Definitive Notes. 
The laws of some countries and some states in the US require that certain persons take physical delivery in definitive 
form of securities that they own. Consequently, the ability to transfer beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note 
to such persons may be limited to that extent. Because DTC can act only on behalf of DTC Participants, the ability 
of a person having beneficial interests in a Registered Global Note deposited with DTC to pledge such interests to

--- Page 258 ---
252 
persons or entities that do not participate in the relevant clearing system, or otherwise take actions in respect of such 
interests, may be affected by the lack of a physical certificate evidencing such interests.

--- Page 259 ---
253 
CLEARANCE, SETTLEMENT AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Book-Entry Ownership 
Bearer Notes 
The Issuer may make applications to Euroclear and/or Clearstream for acceptance in their respective book-entry 
systems in respect of any Series of Bearer Notes. In respect of Bearer Notes, a Temporary Global Note and/or a 
Permanent Global Note in bearer form without Coupons may be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream or an alternative clearing system as agreed between the Issuer and the Administrators. Transfers 
of interests in such Temporary Global Notes or Permanent Global Notes will be made in accordance with the normal 
Euromarket debt securities operating procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream or, if appropriate, the alternative 
clearing system. 
Registered Notes 
The Issuer may make applications to Euroclear and/or Clearstream for acceptance in their respective book-entry 
systems in respect of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to be represented by a Regulation S Global 
Note. Each Regulation S Global Note deposited with a common depositary for, and registered in the name of, 
a nominee of Euroclear and/or Clearstream will have an ISIN and a Common Code. 
The Issuer, and the NY Registrar appointed for such purpose that is an eligible DTC participant, may make 
application to DTC for acceptance in its book-entry settlement system of the Registered Securities represented by a 
Rule 144A Global Note. Each such Rule 144A Global Note will have a CUSIP number. Each Rule 144A Global 
Note will be subject to restrictions on transfer contained in a legend appearing on the front of such Rule 144A 
Global Note, as set out under "Transfer Restrictions for Registered Notes''. In certain circumstances, as described 
below in "Transfer Restrictions for Registered Notes'', transfers of interests in a Rule 144A Global Note may be 
made as a result of which such legend may no longer be required. 
In the case of a Class of Registered Securities to be cleared through the facilities of DTC, the custodian, with whom 
the Rule 144A Global Notes are deposited, and DTC, will electronically record the aggregate nominal amount or 
number of Securities, as applicable, represented by the Rule 144A Global Notes held within the DTC system. 
Investors may hold their beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global Note directly through DTC if they are 
participants in the DTC system, or indirectly through organisations which are participants in such system. 
Payments of the principal of, and interest on, each Rule 144A Global Note registered in the name of DTC's nominee 
will be to, or to the order of, its nominee as the registered owner of such Rule 144A Global Note. The Issuer expects 
that the nominee, upon receipt of any such payment, will immediately credit DTC participants' accounts with 
payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in the nominal amount or calculation 
amount of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, as applicable, represented by the relevant Rule 144A 
Global Note as shown on the records of DTC or the nominee. The Issuer also expects that payments by DTC 
participants to owners of beneficial interests in such Rule 144A Global Note held through such DTC participants 
will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for the 
accounts of customers registered in the names of nominees for such customers. Such payments will be the 
responsibility of such DTC participants. None of the Issuer, the Issue and Paying Agent, any Paying Agent or any 
Transfer Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made 
on account of, ownership interests in any Rule 144A Global Note or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such ownership interests. 
All Registered Notes will initially be in the form of Regulation S Global Notes and/or Rule 144A Global Notes. 
Definitive Notes will only be available, in the case of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes initially 
represented by a Regulation S Global Note, in amounts specified in the applicable Final Terms, and, in the case of 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes initially represented by a Rule 144A Global Note, in minimum amounts 
of US$100,000 (or its equivalent rounded upwards as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Administrator(s)), 
or higher integral multiples of US$1,000, in certain limited circumstances described below.

--- Page 260 ---
254 
Payments through DTC 
Payments in US dollars of principal and interest in respect of a Rule 144A Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee of DTC will be made to the order of such nominee as the registered holder of such Security. Payments of 
principal and interest in a currency other than US dollars in respect of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
evidenced by a Rule 144A Global Note registered in the name of a nominee of DTC will be made or procured to be 
made by the Paying Agent in such currency in accordance with the following provisions. The amounts in such 
currency payable by the Paying Agent or its agent to DTC with respect to Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes held by DTC or its nominee will be received from the Issuer by the Paying Agent who will make payments in 
such currency by wire transfer of same day funds to the designated bank account in such currency of those DTC 
participants entitled to receive the relevant payment who have made an irrevocable election to DTC, in the case of 
payments of interest, on or prior to the third business day in New York City after the Record Date for the relevant 
payment of interest and, in the case of payments of principal, at least 12 business days in New York City prior to the 
relevant payment date, to receive that payment in such currency. The Paying Agent will convert amounts in such 
currency into US dollars and deliver such US dollar amount in same day funds to DTC for payment through its 
settlement system to those DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant payment who did not elect to receive 
such payment in such currency. The Agency Agreement (as amended from time to time) sets out the manner in 
which such conversions are to be made. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
Transfers of interests in Global Notes within Euroclear, Clearstream and DTC will be in accordance with the usual 
rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing system. The laws of some states in the United States require 
that certain persons take physical delivery in definitive form of securities. Consequently, the ability to transfer 
interests in a Rule 144A Global Note to such persons may be limited. Because DTC can only act on behalf of 
participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Rule 
144A Global Note to pledge such interest to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions in respect of such interest, may be affected by the lack of a physical certificate in respect of such interest. 
Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Note may only be held through Euroclear or Clearstream. In the case of 
Registered Notes to be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream and/or DTC, transfers may be made at any time by a 
holder of an interest in a Regulation S Global Note to a transferee who wishes to take delivery of such interest 
through a Rule 144A Global Note for the same Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, provided that 
any such transfer made on or prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period relating to the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes represented by such Regulation S Global Note will only be made upon receipt 
by the Registrar or any Transfer Agent of a written certificate from Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, 
(based on a written certificate from the transferor of such interest) to the effect that such transfer is being made to a 
person whom the transferor, and any person acting on its behalf, reasonably believes is a QIB that is also a QP 
within the meaning of Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with 
any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States. Any such transfer made thereafter of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes represented by such Regulation S Global Note will only be made upon request 
through Euroclear or Clearstream by the holder of an interest in the Regulation S Global Note to the Issue and 
Paying Agent of details of that account at DTC to be credited with the relevant interest in the Rule 144A Global 
Note. Transfers at any time by a holder of any interest in the Rule 144A Global Note to a transferee who takes 
delivery of such interest through a Regulation S Global Note will only be made upon delivery to any Registrar or 
Transfer Agent of a certificate setting forth compliance with the provisions of Regulation S and giving details of the 
account at Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, and DTC to be credited and debited, respectively, with an 
interest in each relevant Global Note. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described below and under 
"Transfer Restrictions for Registered Notes", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or 
indirectly through Euroclear or Clearstream accountholders, on the other hand, will be effected by the relevant 
clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the custodian, the Registrar and the Issue 
and Paying Agent.

--- Page 261 ---
255 
On or after the Issue Date for any Series, transfers of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes of such Class 
between accountholders in Euroclear and/or Clearstream and transfers of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
of such Class between participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade 
date (T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Euroclear or Clearstream and DTC participants will need to have 
an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there is no direct link between DTC, on the 
one hand, and Euroclear and Clearstream, on the other hand, transfers of interests in the relevant Global Notes will 
be effected through the Issue and Paying Agent, the custodian, the relevant Registrar and any applicable Transfer 
Agent receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and arranging for delivery of 
the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee. Transfers will be effected on 
the later of (i) three business days after the trade date for the disposal of the interest in the relevant Global Note 
resulting in such transfer and (ii) two business days after receipt by the Issue and Paying Agent or the Registrar, as 
the case may be, of the necessary certification or information to effect such transfer. In the case of cross-market 
transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a 
delivery versus payment basis. The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for 
payment must be made separately. 
For a further description of restrictions on transfer of Registered Notes, see "Transfer Restrictions for Registered 
Notes". 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of Registered Notes 
(including, without limitation, the presentation of Rule 144A Global Notes for exchange as described above) only at 
the direction of one or more participants in whose account with DTC interests in Rule 144A Global Notes are 
credited and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate nominal amount of Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes represented by the relevant Rule 144A Global Notes as to which such participant or participants has or have 
given such direction. However, in the circumstances described above, DTC will surrender the relevant Rule 144A 
Global Notes in exchange for Definitive Notes (which will, in the case of Restricted Notes, bear the legend 
applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A). 
DTC has advised the Issuer as follows: DTC is a limited purpose trust company organised under the laws of the 
State of New York, a "banking organisation" under the laws of the State of New York, a member of the US Federal 
Reserve System, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a 
"clearing agency" registered pursuant to the provisions of section 17A of the Exchange Act. DTC was created to 
hold securities for its participants and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions between 
participants through electronic computerised book-entry changes in accounts of its participants, thereby eliminating 
the need for physical movement of certificates. Direct participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, 
trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. Indirect access to DTC is available to others, 
such as banks, securities brokers, dealers and trust companies, that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with a DTC direct participant, either directly or indirectly. 
Although Euroclear, Clearstream and DTC have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order to facilitate transfers of 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes among participants and accountholders of DTC, Clearstream and Euroclear, 
they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be 
discontinued at any time. Neither the Issuer, nor any Paying Agent nor any Transfer Agent will have any 
responsibility for the performance by Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC or their respective direct or indirect 
participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations. 
While a Rule 144A Global Note is lodged with DTC or the custodian, Restricted Notes represented by Definitive 
Notes will not be eligible for clearing or settlement through Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC. 
Definitive Notes 
Registration of title to Registered Notes in a name other than a depositary or its nominee for Clearstream and 
Euroclear or for DTC will be permitted only in the circumstances set out in Condition 1 of the Conditions of the

--- Page 262 ---
256 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. In such circumstances, the Issuer will cause sufficient individual Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes to be executed and delivered to the Registrar for completion, authentication and 
despatch to the relevant Noteholder(s). A person having an interest in a Global Note must provide the Registrar 
with: 
(1) written order containing instructions and such other information as the Issuer and the Registrar may require 
to complete, execute and deliver such Definitive Notes; and 
(2) in the case of a Rule 144A Global Note only, a fully completed, signed certification substantially to the 
effect that the exchanging holder is not transferring its interest at the time of such exchange, or in the case 
of a simultaneous resale pursuant to Rule 144A, a certification that the transfer is being made in 
compliance with the provisions of Rule 144A. Definitive Notes issued pursuant to this paragraph (ii) shall 
bear the legends applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A. 
Pre-issue Trades Settlement 
It is expected that delivery of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will be made against payment therefor on 
the relevant Issue Date, which could be more than three business days following the date of pricing. Under Rule 
15c6-1 of the Exchange Act, trades in the US secondary market generally are required to settle within three business 
days ("T+3"), unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly, in the event that an Issue 
Date is more than three business days following the relevant date of pricing, purchasers who wish to trade 
Registered Notes in the United States between the date of pricing and the date that is three business days prior to the 
relevant Issue Date will be required, by virtue of the fact that such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
initially will settle beyond T+3, to specify an alternative settlement cycle at the time of any such trade to prevent a 
failed settlement. Settlement procedures in other countries will vary. Purchasers of Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes may be affected by such local settlement practices and, in the event that an Issue Date is more than three 
business days following the relevant date of pricing, purchasers of Securities who wish to trade Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes between the date of pricing and the date that is three business days prior to the 
relevant Issue Date should consult their own adviser. 
Transfer Restrictions for Registered Notes 
Restricted Notes 
Each purchaser of Restricted Notes, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus, will be deemed to have 
represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is (a) both a QIB and a QP, (b) acquiring such Restricted Notes for its own account or for the 
account of a QIB and a QP and (c) aware, and each beneficial owner of such Restricted Notes has been 
advised, that the sale of such Restricted Notes to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A. 
(2) 
(a) It understands that such Restricted Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred, except (i) in accordance with 
Rule 144A to a person that it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believes is both a QIB and a 
QP purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB and a QP, (ii) in an offshore transaction in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S or (iii) pursuant to an exemption from registration 
under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), in each case in accordance with 
any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States and (b) it will, and each subsequent holder 
of the Restricted Notes is required to, notify any purchaser of the Restricted Notes from it of the resale 
restrictions on the restricted securities. 
(3) 
The Rule 144A Global Note representing such Restricted Notes will, unless the Issuer determines 
otherwise in accordance with applicable law, bear a legend in or substantially in the following form:

--- Page 263 ---
257 
THE GLOBAL COLLATERALISED MEDIUM TERM NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A 
GLOBAL NOTE IN RESPECT HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES 
ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER 
JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (1) IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 144A") TO A PERSON THAT THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON 
ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVES IS BOTH A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A (A "QIB") AND A QUALIFIED PURCHASER (A 
"QP") FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 3(C)(7) OF THE UNITED STATES INVESTMENT COMPANY 
ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT") THAT IS ACQUIRING THIS 
NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QIBS AND QPS, 
(2) IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF 
REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (3) PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION UNDER RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("RULE 144"), IF 
AVAILABLE, OR (4) PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES 
LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. NO REPRESENTATION CAN BE MADE AS TO 
THE AVAILABILITY OF THE EXEMPTION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 FOR RESALES OF THE 
SECURITIES. 
(4) 
A Rule 144A Global Note held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC shall also bear the following 
legend: 
"UNLESS THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL NOTE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORISED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A NEW YORK CORPORATION 
("DTC"), TO THE ISSUER OR ITS AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF TRANSFER, EXCHANGE, OR 
PAYMENT, AND ANY SECURITY ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR 
IN SUCH OTHER NAME AS IS REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC 
(AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR TO SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS IS 
REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE, OR 
OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL 
INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & CO., HAS AN INTEREST 
HEREIN." 
(5) 
The Issuer, the Registrar, Luxembourg Registrar, the Administrator and their affiliates, and others 
will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
If it is acquiring any Restricted Notes for the account of one or more persons who are both QIBs and QPs, 
it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full 
power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such 
account. 
(6) 
It understands that the Restricted Notes will be represented by a Rule 144A Global Note. Before 
any interest in a Rule 144A Global Note may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person 
who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the Regulation S Global Note or, as the case may be, Global 
Note, it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the 
Agency Agreement) as to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
For as long as any Restricted Notes are outstanding and are "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144 
under the Securities Act, the Bank has agreed that any holder of such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or 
prospective purchaser designated by such holder of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will have the right to 
obtain from the Bank during any period in which the Bank is neither subject to section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange 
Act, nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, upon request, the information required by 
Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act.

--- Page 264 ---
258 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of Registered Notes may be relying on the exemption 
from the provisions of section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Unrestricted Notes 
Each purchaser of Unrestricted Notes and each subsequent purchaser of such Unrestricted Notes in re-sales prior to 
the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, by accepting delivery of the Base Prospectus and the 
Unrestricted Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is, or at the time Unrestricted Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such 
Unrestricted Notes and (a) it is not a US person and it is located outside the United States (within the 
meaning of Regulation S) and (b) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an 
affiliate. 
(2) 
It understands that such Unrestricted Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and that, prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, it will not offer, sell, 
pledge or otherwise transfer such Unrestricted Notes except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A under the 
Securities Act to a person that it and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believe is both a QIB and a 
QP purchasing for its own account or the account of a person who is both a QIB and a QP or (b) in an 
offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, in each case in accordance 
with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States. 
(3) 
It understands that such Unrestricted Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in 
accordance with applicable law, will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"THE GLOBAL COLLATERALISED MEDIUM TERM NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE IN RESPECT HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY 
STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, 
SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT." 
(4) 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrars, the Luxembourg Registrar, the Agents, the 
Administrator and their affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
(5) 
It understands that the Unrestricted Notes will be represented by a Regulation S Global Note or, as 
the case may be, a Global Note. Prior to the expiration of the Distribution Compliance Period, before any 
interest in a Regulation S Global Note may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person 
who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Restricted Security, it will be required to provide a 
Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the Agency Agreement (as amended 
from time to time)) as to compliance with the applicable securities laws.

--- Page 265 ---
259 
TAXATION 
United Kingdom Taxation 
The following comments are of a general nature based on current United Kingdom tax law and HM Revenue & 
Customs ("HMRC") published practice and are a summary of the understanding of the Issuer of current law and 
practice in the United Kingdom relating only to certain aspects of United Kingdom taxation. They are not intended 
to be exhaustive. They relate only to persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes and may not apply to certain classes of taxpayers (such as persons carrying on a trade of 
dealing in the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, certain professional investors and persons connected with 
the Issuer or the LLP) to whom special rules may apply. 
Prospective Noteholders who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom or who may be 
unsure as to their tax position should seek their own professional advice. 
United Kingdom Taxation relating to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
Withholding Tax 
Payments of interest on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax as long as the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes are and continue to be listed on a "recognised stock exchange" within the meaning of section 1005 of the 
Income Tax Act 2007 (the "Income Tax Act"). Euronext Dublin is a recognised stock exchange for such purposes. 
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will be treated as listed on Euronext Dublin for these purposes if 
they are listed and admitted to trading on the Main Market by Euronext Dublin. Provided, therefore, that the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes remain so listed, interest may be paid on the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
In addition, provided that the Issuer continues to be a bank within the meaning of section 991 of the Income Tax 
Act, and provided that the interest on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes is paid in the ordinary course of 
its business within the meaning of section 878 of the Income Tax Act, the Issuer will be entitled to make payments 
of interest without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax. 
Interest on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may also be paid by the Issuer without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax where, at the time the payment is made, the Issuer 
reasonably believes (and any person by or through whom interest on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
is paid reasonably believes) that the beneficial owner is within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax as 
regards the payment of interest (i.e. as a United Kingdom resident company, or as a Non-United Kingdom resident 
company carrying on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment), or the recipient of the 
payment falls into certain other excepted categories under sections 935 to 937 of the Income Tax Act, provided that 
HMRC has not given a direction that the interest should be paid under deduction of tax. 
In other cases, interest on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may fall to be paid under deduction of 
United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20%) subject to such relief as may be available following a 
direction from HMRC pursuant to the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty or to any other exemption 
which may apply. 
If the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are redeemed at a premium then any such element of premium may 
constitute a payment of interest for United Kingdom tax purposes. In that event, payments thereof would be subject 
to the treatment outlined above and to the reporting requirements described below. 
Where a payment on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes does not constitute (or is not treated as) interest 
for United Kingdom tax purposes, and the payment has a United Kingdom source, it may be subject to United 
Kingdom withholding tax if it constitutes (or is treated as) an annual payment for United Kingdom tax purposes 
(which will be determined by, amongst other things, the terms and conditions completed by the Final Terms of the

--- Page 266 ---
260 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes). In such a case, the payment may fall to be made under deduction of 
United Kingdom tax at the basic rate, subject to such relief as may be available following a direction from HMRC 
pursuant to the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty, or to any other exemption which may apply. 
Prospective Noteholders should note that in the event that payments by the LLP in respect of interest or premium on 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are subject to any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax, 
the LLP will not be required to pay any additional amounts to Noteholders in respect of any such withholding or 
deduction. 
Reporting Requirements 
Persons in the United Kingdom paying interest to, or receiving interest on behalf of, another person who is an 
individual may be required to provide certain information to HMRC regarding the identity of the payee or the person 
entitled to the interest. In certain circumstances, such information may be exchanged with tax authorities in other 
countries. 
United States Taxation 
The following is a summary of certain material US federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and disposition of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and is for general information purposes only. This 
summary does not address the US federal income tax consequences of every type of Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Note which may be issued under the Programme, and the applicable Final Terms will contain additional or 
modified disclosure concerning the material US federal income tax consequences relevant to such type of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note as appropriate. This summary deals only with purchasers of Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes that are US Holders, as defined below (except with respect to the potential application of 
FATCA to holders that are not US Holders, discussed below under "FATCA"), and that will hold the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes as capital assets. The discussion does not cover all aspects of US federal income 
taxation that may be relevant to, or the actual tax effect that any of the matters described herein will have on, the 
acquisition, ownership or disposition of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes by particular investors, and does 
not address state, local, foreign or other tax laws. This summary also does not discuss all of the tax considerations 
that may be relevant to certain types of investors subject to special treatment under the US federal income tax laws 
(such as financial institutions, insurance companies, passive foreign investment companies, controlled foreign 
corporations investors liable for the alternative minimum tax, accrual method investors investors that file applicable 
financial statements as described in Section 451(b) of the Code, individual retirement accounts and other tax-deferred 
accounts, tax-exempt organisations, S corporations, partnerships and other pass-through entities, real estate 
investment trusts, regulated investment companies, broker-dealers or dealers in securities or currencies, or investors 
that will hold the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes as part of straddles, hedging transactions or conversion 
transactions for US federal income tax purposes or investors whose functional currency is not the US dollar). 
The following summary does not discuss Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that are not characterised as 
debt instruments, or that are characterised as contingent payment debt instruments for US federal income tax 
purposes. This summary also does not discuss certain US dollar denominated inflation-linked Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes that qualify for special treatment under applicable US tax law. 
As used herein, the term "US Holder" means a beneficial owner of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that 
is, for US federal income tax purposes, (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation 
created or organised under the laws of the United States or any State thereof, (iii) an estate, the income of which is 
subject to US federal income tax without regard to its source or (iv) a trust, if a court within the United States is able 
to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more US persons have the authority to 
control all substantial decisions of the trust, or the trust has elected to be treated as a domestic trust for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. 
The US federal income tax treatment of a partner in a partnership (or any entity or arrangement treated as such for 
US federal income tax purposes) that holds Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will depend on the status of 
the partner and the activities of the partnership. Prospective purchasers that are partnerships should consult their tax

--- Page 267 ---
261 
adviser concerning the US federal income tax consequences to their partners of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposition of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes by the partnership. 
The summary is based on the tax laws of the United States, including the US Internal Revenue Code its legislative 
history, existing and proposed US Treasury Regulations thereunder, published rulings and court decisions, all as at 
the date hereof and all subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. 
Bearer Notes are not being offered to US Holders. A US Holder who owns a Bearer Note may be subject to 
limitations under US income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the US 
Internal Revenue Code. 
THE SUMMARY OF US FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES SET OUT BELOW IS FOR 
GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX 
ADVISERS AS TO THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF OWNING THE Global 
COLLATERALISED MEDIUM TERM NOTES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF 
STATE, LOCAL, FOREIGN AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND POSSIBLE CHANGES IN TAX LAW. 
US Federal Income Tax Characterisation of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
The characterisation of a Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may be uncertain and will depend on 
the terms of those Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. The determination of whether an obligation represents 
debt, equity or some other instrument or interest is based on all the relevant facts and circumstances. There may be 
no statutory, judicial or administrative authority directly addressing the characterisation of some of the types of 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that are anticipated to be issued under the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes or of instruments similar to such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
Depending on the terms of a particular Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, such Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes may not be characterised as debt for US federal income tax purposes despite the 
form of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note as debt instruments. For example, Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes of a Class may be more properly characterised as prepaid forward contracts or some other type 
of financial instrument. Additional alternative characterisations may also be possible. 
The following summary applies to Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that are properly treated as debt for 
US federal income tax purposes. However, no rulings will be sought from the US Internal Revenue Service (the 
"IRS") regarding the characterisation of any of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes issued hereunder for 
US federal income tax purposes. Each holder should consult its own tax adviser about the proper characterisation of 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes for US federal income tax purposes and consequences to such holder 
of acquiring, owning or disposing of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
Payments of Interest 
Interest on a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note, whether payable in US dollars or a currency, composite 
currency or basket of currencies other than US dollars (a "foreign currency"), other than interest on a "Discount 
Security" that is not "qualified stated interest" (each as defined below under "Original Issue Discount"), will be 
taxable to a US Holder as ordinary income at the time it is received or accrued, depending on the holder's method of 
accounting for US federal income tax purposes. Interest paid by the Issuer on the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes and OID, if any, accrued with respect to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes (as described 
below under "Original Issue Discount") generally should constitute income from sources outside the United States. 
Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers concerning the applicability of the foreign tax credit and 
source of income rules to income attributable to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
Subject to certain conditions and limitations, foreign taxes, if any, withheld on interest payments may be treated as 
foreign taxes eligible for credit against a holder's US federal income tax liability. The limitation on foreign taxes 
eligible for the US foreign tax credit is calculated separately with respect to specific "baskets" of income. Interest on 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes generally will constitute "passive category income", or, in the case of

--- Page 268 ---
262 
certain US Holders, "general category income". As an alternative to the foreign tax credit, a US Holder may elect to 
deduct such taxes (the election would then apply to all foreign income taxes such US Holder paid in that taxable 
year). The rules governing the foreign tax credit are complex. Prospective purchasers are urged to consult their tax 
advisers regarding the availability of the foreign tax credit under their particular circumstances.  
Original Issue Discount 
The following is a summary of the principal US federal income tax consequences of the ownership of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes issued with original issue discount ("OID"). The following summary does not 
discuss Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes that are characterised as contingent payment debt instruments for 
US federal income tax purposes. 
A Global Collateralised Medium Term Note, other than a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note with a term of 
one year or less (a "Short-Term Security"), will be treated as issued with OID (a "Discount Security") if the 
excess of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note's "stated redemption price at maturity" over its issue price is 
equal to or more than a de minimis amount (0.25 per cent. of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes stated 
redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity). An obligation that 
provides for the payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest before maturity (an "installment 
obligation") will be treated as a Discount Security if the excess of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note's 
stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25 per cent. of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note's stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the weighted average maturity 
of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note. A Global Collateralised Medium Term Note's weighted average 
maturity is the sum of the following amounts determined for each payment on a Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Note (other than a payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the number of complete years from the issue date until 
the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the payment and the 
denominator of which is the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note's stated redemption price at maturity. 
Generally, the issue price of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note will be the first price at which a substantial 
amount of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes included in the issue of which the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note is a part is sold to persons other than bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organisations 
acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers. The stated redemption price at maturity of a 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Note is the total of all payments provided by the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Note that are not payments of "qualified stated interest". A qualified stated interest payment is generally any 
one of a series of stated interest payments on a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note that are unconditionally 
payable at least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods), or 
a variable rate (in the circumstances described below under "Variable Interest Rate Securities"), applied to the 
outstanding principal amount of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note. Solely for the purposes of 
determining whether a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note has OID, the Issuer will be deemed to exercise any 
call option that has the effect of decreasing the yield on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note, and the US 
Holder will be deemed to exercise any put option that has the effect of increasing the yield on the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note. 
US Holders of Discount Securities must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method before the 
receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income increasingly greater amounts 
of OID over the life of the Discount Securities. The amount of OID includible in income by a US Holder of a 
Discount Security is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount Security for each day during 
the taxable year or portion of the taxable year on which the US Holder holds the Discount Security. The daily 
portion is determined by allocating to each day in any "accrual period" a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that 
accrual period. Accrual periods with respect to a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note may be of any length 
selected by the US Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note as 
long as (i) no accrual period is longer than one year and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Note occurs on either the final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of 
OID allocable to an accrual period equals the excess of (a) the product of the Discount Security's adjusted issue 
price at the beginning of the accrual period and the Discount Security's yield to maturity (determined on the basis of 
compounding at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted for the length of the accrual period) over 
(b) the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on the Discount Security allocable to the accrual period. The 
"adjusted issue price" of a Discount Security at the beginning of any accrual period is the issue price of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note increased by (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and

--- Page 269 ---
263 
decreased by (y) the amount of any payments previously made on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note that 
were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Acquisition Premium 
A US Holder that purchases a Discount Security for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all amounts payable 
on the Discount Security after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, but in excess of its 
adjusted issue price (any such excess being "acquisition premium") and that does not make the election described 
below under "Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount", is permitted to reduce the daily portions of 
OID by a fraction, the numerator of which is the excess of the US Holder's adjusted basis in the Discount Security 
immediately after its purchase over the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note's adjusted issue price, and the 
denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all amounts payable on the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, over the Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Note's adjusted issue price. 
Short-Term Securities 
In general, an individual or other cash basis US Holder of a Short-Term Security is not required to accrue OID 
(as specially defined below for the purposes of this paragraph) for US federal income tax purposes unless it elects to 
do so (but may be required to include any stated interest in income as the interest is received). Accrual basis US 
Holders and certain other US Holders are required to accrue OID on Short-Term Securities on a straight-line basis 
or, if the US Holder so elects, under the constant-yield method (based on daily compounding). In the case of a US 
Holder not required and not electing to include OID in income currently, any gain realised on the sale or retirement 
of the Short-Term Security will be ordinary income to the extent of the OID accrued on a straight-line basis (unless 
an election is made to accrue the OID under the constant-yield method) through the date of sale or retirement. US 
Holders who are not required and do not elect to accrue OID on Short-Term Securities will be required to defer 
deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to Short-Term Securities in an amount not exceeding the deferred 
income until the deferred income is realised. 
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a Short-Term 
Security are included in the Short-Term Security's stated redemption price at maturity. A US Holder may elect to 
determine OID on a Short-Term Security as if the Short-Term Security had been originally issued to the US Holder 
at the US Holder's purchase price for the Short-Term Security. This election will apply to all obligations with a 
maturity of one year or less acquired by the US Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which the 
election applies, and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Fungible Issue 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders of an outstanding Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes, issue additional Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes with identical terms. These additional Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes, even if they are treated for non-tax purposes as part of the same Class as the 
original Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, in some cases, may be treated as a separate series for US federal 
income tax purposes. In such a case, the additional Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may be considered to 
have been issued with OID even if the original Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes had no OID, or the 
additional Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may have a greater amount of OID than the original Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. These differences may affect the market value of the original Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes if the additional Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are not otherwise 
distinguishable from the original Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
Market Discount 
A Global Collateralised Medium Term Note, other than a Short-Term Security, generally will be treated as 
purchased at a market discount (a "Market Discount Security") if the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note's 
stated redemption price at maturity or, in the case of a Discount Security, the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Note's "revised issue price" exceeds the amount for which the US Holder purchased the Global Collateralised

--- Page 270 ---
264 
Medium Term Note by at least 0.25 per cent. of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note's stated redemption 
price at maturity or revised issue price, respectively, multiplied by the number of complete years to the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note's maturity (or, in the case of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note that is 
an installment obligation, the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes weighted average maturity). If this excess 
is not sufficient to cause the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note to be a Market Discount Security, then the 
excess constitutes "de minimis market discount". For this purpose, the "revised issue price" of a Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note generally equals its issue price, increased by the amount of any OID that has 
accrued on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note and decreased by the amount of any payments previously 
made on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Under current law, any gain recognised on the maturity or disposition of a Market Discount Security (including any 
payment on a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note that is not qualified stated interest) will be treated as 
ordinary income to the extent that the gain does not exceed the accrued market discount on the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note. Alternatively, a US Holder of a Market Discount Security may elect to include market discount 
in income currently over the life of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note. This election will apply to all debt 
instruments with market discount acquired by the electing US Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year 
to which the election applies. This election may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. A US Holder of a 
Market Discount Security that does not elect to include market discount in income currently will generally be 
required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings incurred to purchase or carry a Market Discount Security that 
is in excess of the interest and OID on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note includible in the US Holder's 
income, to the extent that this excess interest expense does not exceed the portion of the market discount allocable to 
the days on which the Market Discount Security was held by the US Holder. 
Under current law, market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the US Holder elects to accrue the 
market discount on a constant-yield method. This election applies only to the Market Discount Security with respect 
to which it is made and is irrevocable. 
Variable Interest Rate Securities 
Floating Rate Notes and certain other securities that provide for interest at variable rates ("Variable Interest Rate 
Securities") generally will bear interest at a "qualified floating rate" and thus will be treated as "variable rate debt 
instruments" under Treasury regulations governing accrual of OID. However, certain "Variable Rate Securities", as 
the term is used in this Base Prospectus, may not qualify as a "variable rate debt instrument", but instead will be 
treated as a contingent payment debt obligation for US federal income tax purposes. A Variable Interest Rate 
Security will qualify as a "variable rate debt instrument" if (i) its issue price does not exceed the total non-contingent 
principal payments due under the Variable Interest Rate Security by more than a specified de minimis amount, (ii) it 
provides for stated interest, paid or compounded at least annually, at (a) one or more qualified floating rates, (b) a 
single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating rates, (c) a single objective rate, or (d) a single fixed rate and a 
single objective rate that is a qualified inverse floating rate, and (iii) it does not provide for any principal payments 
that are contingent (other than as described in (i) above). 
A "qualified floating rate" is any variable interest rate where variations in the value of the rate can reasonably be 
expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in which the 
Variable Interest Rate Security is denominated. A fixed multiple of a qualified floating rate will constitute a 
qualified floating rate only if the multiple is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35. A variable interest rate equal 
to the product of a qualified floating rate and a fixed multiple that is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35, 
increased or decreased by a fixed rate, will also constitute a qualified floating rate. In addition, two or more qualified 
floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have approximately the same values throughout the term of the 
Variable Interest Rate Security (e.g. two or more qualified floating rates with values within 25 basis points of each 
other as determined on the Variable Interest Rate Security's issue date) will be treated as a single qualified floating 
rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a variable interest rate that would otherwise constitute a qualified floating rate 
but which is subject to one or more restrictions such as a maximum numerical limitation (i.e. a cap) or a minimum 
numerical limitation (i.e. a floor) may, under certain circumstances, fail to be treated as a qualified floating rate. 
An "objective rate" is an interest rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but which is determined using a single 
fixed formula and which is based on objective financial or economic information (e.g. one or more qualified floating

--- Page 271 ---
265 
rates or the yield of actively traded personal property). An interest rate will not qualify as an objective rate if it is 
based on information that is within the control of the Issuer (or a related party) or that is unique to the circumstances 
of the Issuer (or a related party), such as dividends, profits or the value of the Issuer's stock (although a rate does not 
fail to be an objective rate merely because it is based on the credit quality of the Issuer). Other variable interest rates 
may be treated as objective rates if so designated by the IRS in the future. Despite the foregoing, a variable rate of 
interest on a Variable Interest Rate Security will not constitute an objective rate if it is reasonably expected that the 
average value of the rate during the first half of the Variable Interest Rate Security's term will be either significantly 
less than or significantly greater than the average value of the rate during the final half of the Variable Interest Rate 
Security's term. A "qualified inverse floating rate" is any objective rate where the interest rate is equal to a fixed rate 
minus a qualified floating rate, as long as variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect 
contemporaneous variations in the qualified floating rate. If a Variable Interest Rate Security provides for stated 
interest at a fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified 
floating rate or an objective rate for a subsequent period and if the variable rate on the Variable Interest Rate 
Security's issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (e.g. the value of the variable rate on the issue date 
does not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more than 25 basis points), then the fixed rate and the variable rate 
together will constitute either a single qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case may be. 
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the instrument must be set at a 
"current value" of that rate. A "current value" of a rate is the value of the rate on any day that is no earlier than three 
months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than one year following that first day. 
If a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note is a Variable Interest Rate Security that provides for stated interest at 
either a single qualified floating rate or a single objective rate throughout the term thereof qualifies as a "variable 
rate debt instrument", then any stated interest on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note which is 
unconditionally payable in cash or property (other than debt instruments of the Issuer) at least annually will 
constitute qualified stated interest and will be taxed accordingly. Thus, a Variable Interest Rate Security that 
provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a single objective rate throughout the term 
thereof and that qualifies as a "variable rate debt instrument" will generally not be treated as having been issued with 
OID unless the Variable Interest Rate Security is issued at a "true" discount (i.e. at a price below the Security's 
stated principal amount) in excess of a specified de minimis amount. OID on a Variable Interest Rate Security 
arising from "true" discount is allocated to an accrual period using the constant-yield method described above by 
assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal to (i) in the case of a qualified floating rate or qualified inverse 
floating rate, the value, as at the issue date, of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or (ii) in 
the case of an objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate), a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is 
reasonably expected for the Variable Interest Rate Security. 
In general, any other Variable Interest Rate Security that qualifies as a "variable rate debt instrument" will be 
converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument for purposes of determining the amount and accrual of OID 
and qualified stated interest on the Variable Interest Rate Security. Such a Variable Interest Rate Security must be 
converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument by substituting any qualified floating rate or qualified 
inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of the Variable Interest Rate Security with a fixed rate equal to the 
value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as the case may be, as at the Variable Interest 
Rate Security's issue date. Any objective rate (other than a qualified inverse floating rate) provided for under the 
terms of the Variable Interest Rate Security is converted into a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably 
expected for the Variable Interest Rate Security. In the case of a Variable Interest Rate Security that qualifies as a 
"variable rate debt instrument" and provides for stated interest at a fixed rate in addition to either one or more 
qualified floating rates or a qualified inverse floating rate, the fixed rate is initially converted into a qualified floating 
rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if the Variable Interest Rate Security provides for a qualified inverse 
floating rate). Under these circumstances, the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate that replaces 
the fixed rate must be such that the fair market value of the Variable Interest Rate Security as at the Variable Interest 
Rate Security's issue date is approximately the same as the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt 
instrument that provides for either the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather than the fixed 
rate. Subsequent to converting the fixed rate into either a qualified floating rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, 
the Variable Interest Rate Security is converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument in the manner 
described above.

--- Page 272 ---
266 
Once the Variable Interest Rate Security is converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument pursuant to the 
foregoing rules, the amount of OID and qualified stated interest, if any, are determined for the "equivalent" fixed 
rate debt instrument by applying the general OID rules to the "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument and a US 
Holder of the Variable Interest Rate Security will account for the OID and qualified stated interest as if the US 
Holder held the "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument. In each accrual period, appropriate adjustments will be 
made to the amount of qualified stated interest or OID assumed to have been accrued or paid with respect to the 
"equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument in the event that these amounts differ from the actual amount of interest 
accrued or paid on the Variable Interest Rate Security during the accrual period. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Security, the payments on which are determined by reference to an index, does not qualify 
as a "variable rate debt instrument", then the Variable Interest Rate Security will be treated as a contingent payment 
debt obligation. 
Amortisable Bond Premium 
A US Holder that purchases a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note for an amount in excess of its nominal 
amount, or for a Discount Security, its stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as 
"amortisable bond premium", in which case the amount required to be included in the US Holder's income each year 
with respect to interest on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note will be reduced by the amount of 
amortisable bond premium allocable (based on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note's yield to maturity) 
to that year. Any election to amortise bond premium will apply to all bonds (other than bonds, the interest on which 
is excludable from gross income for US federal income tax purposes) held by the US Holder at the beginning of the 
first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the US Holder, and is irrevocable without 
the consent of the IRS. See also "Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount" below. 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A US Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Note using the constant-yield method described above under "Original Issue Discount — General", with certain 
modifications. For purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, 
de minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium (described above 
under "Securities Purchased at a Premium") or acquisition premium. This election will generally apply only to the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Note with respect to which it is made and may not be revoked without the 
consent of the IRS. If the election to apply the constant-yield method to all interest on a Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note is made with respect to a Market Discount Security, the electing US Holder will be treated as 
having made the election discussed above under "Original Issue Discount — Market Discount" to include market 
discount in income currently over the life of all debt instruments with market discount held or thereafter acquired by 
the US Holder. US Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the propriety and consequences of this 
election. 
Substitution of Issuer 
The terms of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes provide that, in certain circumstances, the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may be assumed by another entity. Any such 
assumption might be treated for US federal income tax purposes as a deemed disposition of Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes by a US Holder in exchange for new securities issued by the new obligor. As a result of this 
deemed disposition, a US Holder could be required to recognise capital gain or loss for US federal income tax 
purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the issue price of the new securities (as determined for US federal 
income tax purposes), and the US Holder's tax basis in the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. US Holders 
should consult their tax advisers concerning the US federal income tax consequences to them of a change in obligor 
with respect to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes.

--- Page 273 ---
267 
Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
A US Holder's tax basis in a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note will generally be its cost, increased by the 
amount of any OID or market discount included in the US Holder's income with respect to the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note and the amount, if any, of income attributable to de minimis OID and de minimis market 
discount included in the US Holder's income with respect to the Security, and reduced by (i) the amount of any 
payments that are not qualified stated interest payments, and (ii) the amount of any amortisable bond premium 
applied to reduce interest on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note. 
A US Holder will generally recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Note equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the tax basis of the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note. The amount realised does not include the amount attributable to accrued but 
unpaid interest, which will be taxable as interest income to the extent not previously included in income. Except to 
the extent described above under "Original Issue Discount — Market Discount" or "Original Issue Discount — 
Short-Term Securities" or attributable to changes in exchange rates (as discussed below), gain or loss recognised on 
the sale or retirement of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note will be capital gain or loss and will be long-
term. 
Foreign Currency Securities 
Interest
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the amount of income 
recognised by a cash basis US Holder will be the US dollar value of the interest payment, based on the exchange 
rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into US dollars. 
An accrual basis US Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to an interest payment 
denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in accordance with either of two methods. Under 
the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average exchange rate in effect during the 
interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable years of a US Holder, the part of 
the period within the taxable year). 
Under the second method, the US Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued on the basis of 
the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans 
two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period within the taxable year). 
Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five business days of the last day of the accrual 
period, an electing accrual basis US Holder may instead translate the accrued interest into US dollars at the 
exchange rate in effect on the day of actual receipt. Any such election will apply to all debt instruments held by 
the US Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by 
the US Holder, and will be irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. 
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest upon the sale or 
retirement of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency, the US Holder may recognise US source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal 
to the difference between the amount received (translated into US dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and 
the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into US dollars. 
OID 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Security that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign 
currency will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into US dollars in the same manner as stated 
interest accrued by an accrual basis US Holder, as described above. Upon receipt of an amount attributable to OID 
(whether in connection with a payment on the Discount Security or a sale or disposition of the Discount Security), a 
US Holder may recognise US source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the

--- Page 274 ---
268 
difference between the amount received (translated into US dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) and the 
amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into US dollars. 
Market Discount 
Market discount on a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference 
to, a foreign currency will be accrued in the foreign currency. If the US Holder elects to include market discount in 
income currently, the accrued market discount will be translated into US dollars at the average exchange rate for 
the accrual period (or portion thereof within the US Holder's taxable year). Upon the receipt of an amount 
attributable to accrued market discount, the US Holder may recognise US source exchange gain or loss (which will 
be taxable as ordinary income or loss) determined in the same manner as for accrued interest or OID. A US Holder 
that does not elect to include market discount in income currently will recognise, upon the disposition or maturity 
of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note, the US dollar value of the amount accrued, calculated at the spot 
rate on that date, and no part of this accrued market discount will be treated as exchange gain or loss. 
Bond Premium 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note that is denominated 
in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such 
bond premium that is taken into account currently will reduce interest income in units of the foreign currency. 
On the date bond premium offsets interest income, a US Holder may recognise US source exchange gain or loss 
(taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the amount offset multiplied by the difference between the spot rate in 
effect on the date of the offset, and the spot rate in effect on the date the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
were acquired by the US Holder. A US Holder that does not elect to take bond premium (other than acquisition 
premium) into account currently will recognise a market loss when the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note 
matures. 
Sale or Retirement 
As discussed above under "Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes", a US 
Holder will generally recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note 
equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and its tax basis in the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Note. A US Holder's tax basis in a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note that is 
denominated in a foreign currency will be determined by reference to the US dollar cost of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Note. The US dollar cost of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note purchased with foreign 
currency will generally be the US dollar value of the purchase price on the date of purchase, or the settlement date 
for the purchase, in the case of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes traded on an established securities 
market, as defined in the applicable Treasury Regulations, that are purchased by a cash basis US Holder (or an 
accrual basis US Holder that so elects). 
The amount realised on a sale or retirement for an amount in foreign currency will be the US dollar value of this 
amount on the date of sale or retirement, or the settlement date for the sale, in the case of Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes traded on an established securities market, as defined in the applicable Treasury Regulations, 
sold by a cash basis US Holder (or an accrual basis US Holder that so elects). Such an election by an accrual basis 
US Holder must be applied consistently from year to year and cannot be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
A US Holder will recognise US source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) on the sale or 
retirement of a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note equal to the difference, if any, between the US dollar values 
of the US Holder's purchase price for the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note (or, if less, the principal amount 
of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note) (i) on the date of sale or retirement and (ii) on the date on which 
the US Holder acquired the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note. Any such exchange rate gain or loss will be 
realised only to the extent of total gain or loss realised on the sale or retirement (including any exchange gain or loss 
with respect to the receipt of accrued but unpaid interest).

--- Page 275 ---
269 
Disposition of Foreign Currency 
Foreign currency received as interest on a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note or on the sale or retirement of a 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Note will have a tax basis equal to its US dollar value at the time the foreign 
currency is received. Foreign currency that is purchased will generally have a tax basis equal to the US dollar value 
of the foreign currency on the date of purchase. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of a 
foreign currency (including its use to purchase Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or upon exchange for US 
dollars) will be US source ordinary income or loss for a US Holder. 
Medicare Tax on "Net Investment Income" 
Certain US Holders (including individuals, estates and trusts) will be subject to a 3.8% Medicare tax on unearned 
income. For individuals, the additional Medicare tax applies to the lesser of (i) "net investment income" or (ii) the 
excess of "modified adjusted gross income" over certain specified amounts. "Net investment income" generally 
equals the taxpayer's gross investment income reduced by the deductions that are allocable to such income. 
Investment income generally includes passive income such as interest, dividends, annuities, royalties, rents and 
capital gains. United States persons that are holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the 
implications of this tax resulting from an investment in a Note. 
FATCA
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign 
financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign 
passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The Issuer is 
a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the UK) have entered into, or 
have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), 
which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in 
effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and 
IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as the Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes issued on or 
prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if additional notes 
(as described under "Terms and Conditions—18. Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then 
withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering 
period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these 
rules might apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a 
result of such withholding. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
In general, payments of interest and accrued OID on, and the proceeds of a sale, redemption or other disposition of, 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, payable to a US Holder by a US paying agent or other US 
intermediary, will be reported to the IRS and to the US Holder as may be required under applicable regulations. 
Backup withholding will apply to these payments if the US Holder fails to provide an accurate taxpayer 
identification number or certification of exempt status or fails to report all interest and dividends required to be 
shown on its US federal income tax returns. Certain US Holders are not subject to backup withholding. US Holders 
should consult their tax advisers as to their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure 
for obtaining an exemption.

--- Page 276 ---
270 
Reporting Requirements for Specified Foreign Financial Assets 
US Holders that are individuals who, during any taxable year, own "specified foreign financial assets" with an 
aggregate value in excess of $50,000 will generally be required to file an information report with respect to such 
assets with their tax returns. "Specified foreign financial assets" include any financial accounts maintained by 
foreign financial institutions, as well as any of the following, but only if they are not held in accounts maintained by 
financial institutions: (i) stocks and securities issued by non-US persons, (ii) financial instruments and contracts held 
for investments that have non-US issuers or counterparties and (iii) interests in foreign entities, US Holders that are 
individuals are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the application of this legislation to their ownership of 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
Reportable Transactions 
A US taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" will be required to disclose its participation to the IRS. 
The scope and application of these rules is not entirely clear. A US Holder may be required to treat a foreign 
currency exchange loss from the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes as a reportable transaction if the loss 
exceeds US$50,000 in a single taxable year, if the US Holder is an individual or trust, or higher amounts for other 
non-individual US Holders. In the event the acquisition, holding or disposition of Global Collateralised Medium 
Term Notes constitutes participation in a reportable transaction for purposes of these rules, a US Holder will be 
required to disclose its investment by filing Form 8886 with the IRS. A penalty in the amount of US$10,000 in the 
case of a natural person and US$50,000 in all other cases is generally imposed on any taxpayer that fails to timely 
file an information return with the IRS with respect to a transaction resulting in a loss that is treated as a reportable 
transaction. Accordingly, if a US Holder realises a loss on any Global Collateralised Medium Term Note (or, 
possibly, aggregate losses from the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes) satisfying the monetary thresholds 
discussed above, the US Holder could be required to file an information return with the IRS, and failure to do so 
may subject the US Holder to the penalties described above. In addition, the Issuer and its advisers may also be 
required to disclose the transaction to the IRS, and to maintain a list of US Holders, and to furnish this list and 
certain other information to the IRS upon written request. Prospective purchasers are urged to consult their tax 
advisers regarding the application of these rules to the acquisition, holding or disposition of Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes. 
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER US EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
Unless otherwise specified in a supplement to this Base Prospectus and subject to the following discussion, the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may be acquired with assets of pension, profit-sharing or other employee 
benefit plans, as well as individual retirement accounts, Keogh plans and other plans and retirement arrangements, 
and any entity deemed to hold "plan assets" of the foregoing (each, a "Plan"). Section 406 of the US Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") and Section 4975 of the US Internal Revenue 
Code imposes certain duties on fiduciaries of a Plan subject to those provisions (each, a "Benefit Plan Investor") 
and prohibits certain transactions with persons that are "parties in interest" under ERISA or "disqualified persons" 
under the US Internal Revenue Code with respect to such Benefit Plan Investor unless an exemption is available.  
A violation of these "prohibited transaction" rules may result in an excise tax or other penalties and liabilities under 
ERISA and the US Internal Revenue Code for such persons or the fiduciaries of such Benefit Plan Investor. In 
addition, Title I of ERISA requires fiduciaries of a Benefit Plan Investor subject to ERISA to make investments that 
are prudent, diversified and in accordance with the governing plan documents. Employee benefit plans that are US 
governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA) and certain church plans (as defined in Section 3(33) of 
ERISA) are not subject to the fiduciary and prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or Section 4975 of the US 
Internal Revenue Code; however, such Plans may be subject to similar restrictions under applicable state, local or 
other law ("Similar Law"). 
An investment in the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes by or on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor could 
give rise to a prohibited transaction under ERISA or the US Internal Revenue Code if the Bank is a party in interest 
or a disqualified person with respect to such Benefit Plan Investor unless the investment is acquired and is held in 
accordance with an applicable statutory, class or individual prohibited transaction exemption. Certain exemptions 
from the prohibited transaction rules could be applicable to an investment in the Global Collateralised Medium

--- Page 277 ---
271 
Term Notes by a Benefit Plan Investor depending upon the type and circumstances of the plan fiduciary making the 
decision to acquire such investment and the relationship of the party in interest or disqualified person to the Benefit 
Plan Investor. Included among these exemptions are: Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the 
US Internal Revenue Code for certain transactions between a Benefit Plan Investor and non-fiduciary service 
providers to the Benefit Plan Investor where neither the person transacting with the Benefit Plan Investor nor any of 
its affiliates has or exercises any discretionary authority or control or renders any investment advice with respect to 
the assets of the Benefit Plan Investor involved in the transaction and provided further that the Benefit Plan Investor 
pays no more and receives no less than adequate consideration in connection with the transaction; Prohibited 
Transaction Class Exemption ("PTCE") 96-23, regarding transactions effected by "in-house asset managers;" PTCE 
95-60, regarding investments by insurance company general accounts; PTCE 91-38, regarding investments by bank 
collective investment funds; PTCE 90-1, regarding investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts; 
and PTCE 84-14, regarding transactions effected by "qualified professional asset managers." Even if the conditions 
specified in one or more of these exemptions are met, the scope of the relief provided by these exemptions might or 
might not cover all acts that might be construed as prohibited transactions. There can be no assurance that any of 
these, or any other exemption, will be available with respect to any particular transaction involving the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes, and prospective investors that are Benefit Plan Investors and other Plans should 
consult with their legal advisors regarding the applicability of any such exemption and other applicable legal 
requirements. 
Additionally, under ERISA and the US Internal Revenue Code, any person who exercises any discretionary 
authority or control over the management or administration of such a Benefit Plan Investor or any authority or 
control over the management or disposition of the assets of such a Benefit Plan Investor, or who renders investment 
advice for a fee or other compensation to such a Benefit Plan Investor, is generally considered to be a fiduciary of 
such Benefit Plan Investor. In considering an investment in the subordinated notes of a portion of the assets of any 
Plan, or any plan or arrangement subject to Similar Law, a fiduciary should determine whether the investment is in 
accordance with the documents and instruments governing the Plan and the applicable provisions of ERISA, the US 
Internal Revenue Code or any Similar Law relating to a fiduciary's duties including, without limitation, the 
prudence, diversification, delegation of control and prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA, the Code and 
Similar Law. 
By acquiring a Global Collateralised Medium Term Note (or a beneficial interest therein), each purchaser and 
transferee (and if the purchaser or transferee is a Plan, its fiduciary) is deemed to represent and warrant that either: 
(a) it is not acquiring the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note (or a beneficial interest therein) with the assets 
of a Benefit Plan Investor or other Plan that is subject to Similar Law, or (b) the acquisition and holding of the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Note (or a beneficial interest therein) will not give rise to a non-exempt 
prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the US Internal Revenue Code or a violation 
of Similar Law because such purchase and holding satisfies the conditions for relief under an applicable statutory, 
class or individual prohibited transaction exemption (or to the extent assets of a plan or arrangement that is subject 
to Similar Laws are being used by such purchaser or transferee to acquire and hold the subordinated note, such 
purchase and holding will not constitute or result in a violation of any applicable Similar Laws).

--- Page 278 ---
272 
PURCHASE AND SALE 
The dealers (the "Dealers") party to the Dealer Agreement (as the same may be amended and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the "Dealer Agreement") dated 7 December 2012 have agreed with the Issuer and 
the LLP on a basis upon which such Dealers or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. Any such agreement for any particular purchase by a Dealer will extend to 
those matters stated under "Pro Forma Final Terms of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and Terms 
and Conditions of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes" above. The Issuer may pay the Dealers 
commission from time to time in connection with the sale of any Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. The 
Dealers are entitled to be released and discharged from their obligations in relation to any agreement to issue and 
purchase Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes under the Dealer Agreement in certain circumstances prior to 
payment to the Issuer. 
One or more Dealers may purchase Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, as principal, from the Issuer from 
time to time for resale to investors and other purchasers at a fixed offering price or, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, at varying prices relating to prevailing market prices at the time of resale as determined by any Dealer. 
A Dealer may sell Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes it has purchased from the Issuer as principal to certain 
other dealers less a concession equal to all or any portion of the discount received in connection with such purchase. 
The Dealer may allow, and such dealers may re-allow, a discount to certain other dealers. After the initial offering of 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, the offering price (in the case of Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes to be resold at a fixed offering price), the concession and the reallowance may be changed. 
The Issuer may withdraw, cancel or modify the offering contemplated hereby without notice and may reject offers to 
purchase Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes in whole or in part. 
In connection with the issue of any Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, the Dealer or Dealers 
(if any) named as the stabilising manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any stabilising manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over allot Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the price of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the stabilising manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of a 
stabilising manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Class of Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 
30 days after the issue date of the relevant Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. Any stabilisation action or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant stabilising manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any 
stabilising manager(s)) in accordance with applicable laws and rules. 
These transactions may consist of bids or purchases for the purpose of pegging, fixing or maintaining the price of 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. If the Dealer creates or the Dealers create, as the case may be, 
a short position in the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, that is, if it sells or they sell Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes in an aggregate principal amount exceeding that set forth in the applicable Final Terms, such 
Dealer(s) may reduce that short position by purchasing Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes in the open 
market. In general, purchase of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes for the purpose of stabilisation or to 
reduce a short position could cause the price of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to be higher than it 
might be in the absence of such purchases. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers makes any representation or prediction as to the direction or magnitude of 
any effect that the transactions described in the immediately preceding paragraph may have on the price of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. In addition, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers makes any representation 
that the Dealers will engage in any such transactions or that such transactions, once commenced, will not be 
discontinued without notice. 
Under the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities (including 
liabilities under the Securities Act) or to contribute to payments the Dealers may be required to make in respect

--- Page 279 ---
273 
thereof in connection with the establishment and any future updates of the Series and the issue of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes under the Series. The Issuer has also agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain 
other expenses in connection with the establishment and any future updates of the Series and the issue of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes under the Series. 
The Issuer and the Dealers may, from time to time, purchase and sell Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes in 
the secondary market, but they are not obligated to do so, and there can be no assurance that there will be a 
secondary market for any Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes or liquidity in the secondary market if 
one develops. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer currently intends to make a market in any Class of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
The Dealers and their respective affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that 
differ from those of the Issuer and the Dealers have not provided any legal, accounting, regulatory or tax advice with 
respect to the offering contemplated hereby and the Issuer has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and 
tax advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate. Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have, directly 
or indirectly, performed investment and commercial banking or financial advisory services for the Issuer for which 
they have received customary fees and commissions, and they expect to provide these services to the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the future, for which they also expected to receive customary fees and commissions.

--- Page 280 ---
274 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus Regulation 
(each a "Relevant Member State"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Series will be required to represent and agree, that with effect from and including the date on which the 
Prospectus Regulation is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the "Relevant Implementation Date") it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Relevant Member State except that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, make 
an offer of such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to the public in that Relevant Member State:  
(a)
at any time to legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above 
shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to the 
public" in relation to any Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes in any Relevant Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, as the same may be varied in that Relevant Member State by any 
measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State, the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 
on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, and repealing Directive No. 2003/71/EC (as amended, including by Directive 2010/73/EU), and includes 
any relevant implementing measure in the Relevant Member State. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Series will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom, except that it 
may make an offer of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to the public in the United Kingdom at any time: 
(a)
to any legal entity that is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation,  
(b)
to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of 
the relevant Dealer(s) nominated by the Issuer for any such offer, or 
(c)
in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA;

--- Page 281 ---
275 
provided that no such offer of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes referred to in clauses (a) to (c) 
shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of part 2, the expression "an offer of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to the public" 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. 
Other United Kingdom Regulatory Restrictions. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Series will be required to represent and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all 
applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
UNITED STATES 
US Federal Income Tax Selling Restrictions 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes issued in bearer form for US tax purposes ("Bearer Instruments") are 
subject to US tax law requirements (other than Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes having a maturity of one 
year or less) and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person except as permitted under US Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) and any successor 
regulations or rules in substantively the same form for purposes of section 4701 of the US Internal Revenue Code 
(the "D Rules"). Bearer Instruments issued in accordance with the D Rules with a maturity of more than one year 
will bear the following legend: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Section 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of the 
United States". 
Each Issuer and Dealer has represented and agreed (and each additional Dealer named in a set of Final Terms will be 
required to represent and agree) that in addition to the relevant US Securities Selling Restrictions set forth below: 
(a)
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period it will not offer or sell, Bearer Instruments to a person who is within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person and (y) such Dealer has not delivered and 
agrees that it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Bearer 
Instruments that will be sold during the restricted period (as defined under the D rules); 
(b)
it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Bearer 
Instruments are aware that Bearer Instruments may not be offered or sold during the restricted 
period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person 
(except to the extent permitted under the D Rules); 
(c)
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring the Bearer Instruments for purposes of resale in 
connection with their original issuance, and if it retains Bearer Instruments for its own account, it 
will do so in accordance with the requirements of the D Rules; 
(d)
with respect to each affiliate or distributor that acquires Bearer Instruments from a Dealer for the 
purpose of offering or selling such Bearer Instruments during the restricted period, the Dealer 
either repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in sub clauses (a), (b) 
and (c) above on such affiliate's or distributor's behalf or agrees that it will obtain from such 
affiliate or distributor for the benefit of each Issuer and Dealer the representations and agreements 
contained in such sub clauses; and

--- Page 282 ---
276 
(e)
it has not and agrees that it will not enter into any written contract (other than confirmation or 
other notice of the transaction) pursuant to which any other party to the contract (other than one of 
its affiliates or another Dealer) has offered or sold, or during the restricted period will offer or sell, 
any Bearer Instruments except where pursuant to the contract the relevant Dealer has obtained or 
will obtain from that party, for the benefit of each Issuer and Dealer, the representations contained 
in, and that party's agreement to comply with, the provisions of sub clauses (a), (b), (c) and (d). 
Terms used in this section shall have the meanings given to them by the Internal Revenue Code and the US Treasury 
Regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
US Securities Selling Restrictions 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons, except in 
certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has agreed (and each further Dealer named in a set of Final Terms will be required to agree) that it will 
not offer or sell Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or 
(ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of an identifiable Class of which such Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes are part, as determined and certified to the Agent by such Dealer (in the case of 
a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead Dealer (in the case of a syndicated issue), within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, US persons, except to QIBs who are also QPs, in reliance on Rule 144A, and it will 
have sent to each Dealer to which it sells Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes during the Distribution 
Compliance Period (other than resales pursuant to Rule 144A) a confirmation or other notice setting out the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes within the United States or to, or 
for the account or benefit of, US persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S. Neither such Dealer nor its affiliates, nor any persons acting on its or their behalf, have engaged or 
will engage in any directed selling efforts (as defined in Regulation S) with respect to the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes, and such Dealer, its affiliates and all persons acting on its or their behalf have complied and 
will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. 
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-US 
persons in reliance on Regulation S. The Dealer Agreement provides that a Dealer may directly or through its US 
broker-dealer affiliates arrange for the offer and resale of Registered Notes within the United States only to QIBs 
who are also QPs. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Class of Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes, an offer or sale of such Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes within the United States by 
any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with Rule 144A. 
The Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes outside the United States and for the resale of the Registered Notes in the United 
States and for the listing of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes on the Relevant Stock Exchange. The Issuer 
and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. The Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States 
or to any US person other than any QIB who is also a QP to whom an offer has been made directly by a Dealer or its 
US broker-dealer affiliate. Distribution of the Base Prospectus by any non-US person outside the United States or by 
any QIB who is also a QP in the United States to any US person or to any other person within the United States, 
other than any QIB who is also a QP and those persons, if any, retained to advise such non-US person or QIB who is 
also a QP with respect thereto, is unauthorised, and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of

--- Page 283 ---
277 
any of its contents to any of such US person or other person within the United States, other than any QIB and those 
persons, if any, retained to advise such non-US person or QIB who is also a QP, is prohibited. 
Each issue of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes shall be subject to such additional US selling restrictions as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issue and purchase of such Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
ERISA, Governmental and Other US Plan Selling Restrictions 
Unless otherwise specified in a supplement to this Base Prospectus, each purchaser and transferee (and, if the 
purchaser or transferee is a Plan, its fiduciary) of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes by its acquisition of 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes shall be deemed to have represented and covenanted either (i) it is 
not acquiring the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes with the assets of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Plan that 
is subject to Similar Law, or (ii) the acquisition and holding of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Note will 
not give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the US Internal Revenue Code 
or a violation of Similar Law. 
Singapore 
THIS DOCUMENT HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED AS A PROSPECTUS WITH THE MONETARY 
AUTHORITY OF SINGAPORE (THE "MAS") AND THE OFFER OF THE NOTES IN SINGAPORE IS MADE 
PRIMARILY PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTIONS UNDER SECTIONS 274 AND 275 OF THE SECURITIES 
AND FUTURES ACT, CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE (THE "SFA"). ACCORDINGLY, THIS DOCUMENT 
AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENT OR MATERIAL IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFER OR SALE, OR 
INVITATION FOR SUBSCRIPTION OR PURCHASE, OF INTERESTS MAY NOT BE CIRCULATED OR 
DISTRIBUTED, NOR MAY INTERESTS BE OFFERED OR SOLD, OR BE MADE THE SUBJECT OF AN 
INVITATION FOR SUBSCRIPTION OR PURCHASE, WHETHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TO 
PERSONS IN SINGAPORE OTHER THAN (I) TO AN INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR UNDER SECTION 274 
OF THE SFA, (II) TO A RELEVANT PERSON PURSUANT TO SECTION 275(1), OR ANY PERSON 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 275(1A), AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS SPECIFIED IN 
SECTION 275 OF THE SFA, OR (III) OTHERWISE PURSUANT TO, AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE 
CONDITIONS OF, ANY OTHER APPLICABLE PROVISION OF THE SFA. 
WHERE INTERESTS ARE SUBSCRIBED OR PURCHASED UNDER SECTION 275 BY A RELEVANT 
PERSON WHICH IS: 
(a)
A CORPORATION (WHICH IS NOT AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR (AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 4A OF THE SFA)) THE SOLE BUSINESS OF WHICH IS TO HOLD 
INVESTMENTS AND THE ENTIRE SHARE CAPITAL OF WHICH IS OWNED BY ONE OR 
MORE INDIVIDUALS, EACH OF WHOM IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR; OR 
(b)
A TRUST (WHERE THE ISSUE AND PAYING AGENT IS NOT AN ACCREDITED 
INVESTOR) WHOSE SOLE PURPOSE IS TO HOLD INVESTMENTS AND EACH 
BENEFICIARY OF THE TRUST IS AN INDIVIDUAL WHO IS AN ACCREDITED 
INVESTOR, 
SECURITIES (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 239(1) OF THE SFA) OF THAT CORPORATION OR THE 
BENEFICIARIES' RIGHTS AND INTEREST (HOWSOEVER DESCRIBED) IN THAT TRUST SHALL NOT BE 
TRANSFERRED WITHIN SIX MONTHS AFTER THAT CORPORATION OR THAT TRUST HAS ACQUIRED 
THE INTERESTS PURSUANT TO AN OFFER MADE UNDER SECTION 275 EXCEPT: 
(i)
TO AN INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR OR TO A RELEVANT PERSON DEFINED IN SECTION 
275(2) OF THE SFA, OR TO ANY PERSON ARISING FROM AN OFFER REFERRED TO IN 
SECTION 275(1A) OR SECTION 276(4)(i)(B) OF THE SFA;

--- Page 284 ---
278 
(ii)
WHERE NO CONSIDERATION IS OR WILL BE GIVEN FOR THE TRANSFER; 
(iii)
WHERE THE TRANSFER IS BY OPERATION OF LAW; OR 
(iv)
AS SPECIFIED IN SECTION 276(7) OF THE SFA. 
Hong Kong 
No person: 
(a)
should have offered or sold or will offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes (except for Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) 
of Hong Kong ("SFO") other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any 
rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document 
being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do 
not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and 
(b)
should have issued or should have had in its possession for the purposes of issue, or will issue, or 
has or will have in its possession for the purposes of issue (whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), 
any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Global Collateralised Medium Term 
Notes which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public 
of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than 
with respect to Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes which are or are intended to be 
disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
Japan 
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Law"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered 
or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to 
any resident of Japan, except in circumstances which will result in compliance with the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Law and all applicable other laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines in Japan. As used in this 
paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan. 
United Arab Emirates 
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES (EXCLUDING THE DUBAI 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE) 
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes have not been, and are not being, publicly offered, sold, promoted or 
advertised in the United Arab Emirates ("U.A.E.") other than in compliance with the laws of the U.A.E. Prospective 
investors in the Dubai International Financial Centre should have regard to the specific notice to prospective 
investors in the Dubai International Financial Centre set out below. The information contained in the Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms does not constitute a public offer of securities in the U.A.E. in accordance with the 
Commercial Companies Law (Federal Law No. 8 of 1984 of the U.A.E., as amended) or otherwise and is not 
intended to be a public offer. Neither the Base Prospectus nor the Final Terms have been approved by or filed with 
the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates, the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority or the Dubai 
Financial Services Authority. If you do not understand the contents of the Base Prospectus or the Final Terms you 
should consult an authorised financial adviser. The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms are provided for the benefit 
of the recipient only, and should not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other person.

--- Page 285 ---
279 
NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS IN THE DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE 
The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms relate to an "exempt offer" in accordance with the Offered Securities 
Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority. The Base Prospectus and the Final Terms are intended for 
distribution only to persons of a type specified in those rules. It must not be delivered to, or relied on by, any other 
person. The Dubai Financial Services Authority has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in 
connection with exempt offers. The Dubai Financial Services Authority has not approved the Base Prospectus or the 
Final Terms nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it, and has no responsibility for it. The Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes to which the Final Terms relate may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on 
their resale. Prospective purchasers of the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes offered should conduct their 
own due diligence on the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. If you do not understand the contents of the 
Base Prospectus or the Final Terms you should consult an authorised financial adviser. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are not interests in a "fund" or "collective investment scheme" within 
the meaning of either the Collective Investment Law (DIFC Law No. l of 2006) or the Collective Investment Rules 
Module of the Dubai Financial Services Authority Rulebook. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, including 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final 
Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, and obtain all relevant 
consents, approvals or permissions, in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Global 
Collateralised Medium Term Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering 
material or any Final Terms, and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 286 ---
280 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation and Consents 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and 
performance of each Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. The establishment and update of the Series was 
duly authorised by resolutions of an authorised committee of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 4 December 
2012.  
Use of Proceeds 
The gross proceeds from each issue of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes will be used by the Issuer to make 
advances to the LLP. The LLP will utilise the proceeds of each such advance to enter into transactions under one or 
more Repurchase Agreements with Barclays Bank PLC, BCSL and such other sellers as may be appointed from 
time to time, as sellers thereunder, pursuant to which the LLP will purchase various Eligible Securities from the 
applicable Seller, subject to such Seller's obligation to repurchase such Eligible Securities on the Repurchase Date 
for the related Class. The current Sellers are Barclays Bank PLC, Barclays Capital Inc., and Barclays Capital 
Securities Ltd. The Issuer does not intend to appoint any additional Sellers that are not members of the Barclays 
Bank Group. 
Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus may be used for a period of one year from its date for the listing and admission to trading of 
Classes of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes. A revised Base Prospectus will be prepared in connection 
with the listing of any Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes issued after such period. 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions 
of Article 16(1) of the Prospectus Regulation and relevant implementing measures in Ireland, it will prepare and 
make available a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus which, in respect of any 
subsequent issue of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of 
Euronext Dublin, or of any other Relevant Stock Exchange shall constitute a base prospectus as required by the 
Central Bank.  
Listing 
Any Class of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes may be admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Dublin 
or any other Relevant Stock Exchange as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unlisted Notes may also be issued under the Series. 
Relevant Clearing Systems 
The Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes issued under the Series may be accepted for clearance through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, DTC and any other Relevant Clearing System as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The appropriate common code for each Class allocated by Euroclear, Clearstream or CINS or CUSIP number 
allocated by DTC will be set out in the applicable Final Terms, together with the International Securities 
Identification Number (the "ISIN") for that Class. If the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes are to be cleared 
through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. Transactions will normally be effected for settlement not earlier than three business days after the date 
of transaction. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream 
is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of The Depository Trust Company is 55 Water Street, 
New York, NY10041-0099, USA. The address of any additional clearing system will be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 287 ---
281 
Documents available 
For the life of the Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents, in physical form, may, when available, be 
inspected during usual business hours on a weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) and shall be 
available for collection free of charge at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Issue and 
Paying Agent: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer and the LLP; 
(b) 
the LLP Undertakings.  
These documents are available at: https://home.barclays/investor-relations/fixed-income-investors/prospectus-and-
documents/structured-securities-prospectuses/#gcmtnprogramme.
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes to be issued under the Series will be determined 
by the Issuer and the Administrator at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer intends to provide post-issuance information in relation to the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes 
in the form of Daily Noteholder Allocation Reports. Please see the section entitled "Description of the Noteholder 
Allocation Reports" and the sub-section entitled "Documents Available" above in respect of the availability of such 
reports. 
Listing Agent Statement 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in connection with 
the Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Global Collateralised 
Medium Term Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on its regulated market for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 288 ---
I-1 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
30/360 .................................................................... 236 
30E/360.................................................................. 236 
30E/360 (ISDA) ..................................................... 237 
360/360 .................................................................. 236 
Acceleration Event ................................................ 231 
Account Bank ........................................................ 231 
Actual/360 ............................................................. 236 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ................................................. 236 
Actual/Actual ......................................................... 236 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ........................................... 236 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ............................................ 236 
Additional Amounts .............................................. 225 
Additional Business Centre ................................... 231 
Additional Disruption Event .................................. 231 
Additional Purchased Assets ................................. 157 
Additional Purchased Securities ............................ 231 
Administration Agreement ...................................... 98 
Administration Termination Event .......................... 99 
Administrator ......................................................... 231 
Advance ................................................................... 98 
Affiliate.................................................................... 93 
Agency Agreement ................................................ 231 
Agency MBS ......................................................... 154 
Agency Qualified Mortgages ................................... 71 
Agents .................................................................... 191 
Aggregate Nominal Amount.................................. 232 
Amendment ........................................................... 113 
Amortised Face Amount ........................................ 238 
Appendix Q ............................................................. 70 
Applicable Enforcing Party ....................................... 3 
ATR ......................................................................... 70 
ATR Rules ............................................................... 70 
Auction Clearing Amount...................................... 115 
Authorised Investments ......................................... 110 
Authorities ............................................................... 47 
Available Receipts ................................................. 111 
Bail-in Legislation ................................................. 232 
Bank ............................................................................i 
Bank Jurisdiction ................................................... 232 
Bank of England Base Rate ................................... 232 
Banking Day .......................................................... 232 
Bankruptcy Code ..................................................... 50 
Barclays ................................................................. 232 
Barclays Cash Account .......................................... 145 
Barclays GMRA .................................................... 232 
Barclays MRA ....................................................... 232 
Base Currency ....................................................... 102 
Base Prospectus ........................................................ ii 
BCI .............................................................................i 
BCI GMRA ........................................................... 232 
BCI MRA .............................................................. 232 
BCSL ..........................................................................i 
BCSL GMRA ........................................................ 232 
Bearer Instruments ................................................. 277 
Bearer Notes .......................................................... 191 
Beneficial Owner ................................................... 137 
Benefit Plan Investor ............................................. 272 
Bid Set Value ......................................................... 115 
BNYM Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreement ...... 143 
BNYM Mortgage Repo Custodial Undertaking .... 153 
Bond Basis ............................................................. 236 
Business Day ........................................................... 13 
Business Day Convention ...................................... 233 
C Rules .................................................................. 233 
Calculation Agent .................................................. 191 
Calculation Amount ............................................... 233 
Calculation Period ................................................. 236 
Capital Contributions ............................................... 92 
CCP Equivalence ..................................................... 20 
Central Bank ...............................................................i 
Certificate of Incorporation of Visa Inc. ................ 137 
CFPB ....................................................................... 69 
Change in Law ....................................................... 233 
Class ...................................................................... 233 
Class B Shares Conversion Rate .............................. 54 
Class Collateral ...................................................... 156 
Cleared Notes ........................................................ 233 
Clearing System Business Day .............................. 234 
Clearstream ............................................................ 234 
Clearstream Rights and Collateral ........................... 10 
Clearstream Rules .................................................. 234 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ......................................... 5 
CMMA .................................................................. 107 
CMSA .................................................................... 107 
Collateral ............................................................... 234 
Collateral Account (New York) ............................. 128 
Collateral Administration Agreement .................... 109 
Collateral Administrator ............................................ 7 
Collateral Administrator Termination Event ......... 111 
Collateral Agent ..................................................... 234 
Collateral Eligibility Statement ............................. 140 
Common Depositary .............................................. 193 
Common Safekeeper .............................................. 193 
Common Stock ...................................................... 137 
Condition ..................................................................iv 
Conditions.............................................................. 234 
Confirmation .......................................................... 101 
Control ................................................................... 137 
Coupons ................................................................. 191 
Covered Litigation ................................................... 54 
CRA .......................................................................... ii 
Credit Support Deed .............................................. 139 
Currency ................................................................ 235 
Currency Disruption Event .................................... 235 
Custodial Agreement ............................................. 107 
Custodial Arrangement .......................................... 106 
Custodial Undertaking ........................................... 107 
Custodian ................................................................... 8

--- Page 289 ---
I-2 
Custody Agreement ............................................... 108 
D Rules .................................................................. 236 
Daily Noteholder Allocation Report ...................... 110 
Day Count Fraction ............................................... 236 
Dealer Agreement .................................................. 274 
Dealers ................................................................... 274 
Deed of Covenant .................................................. 191 
Default Market Value ............................................ 103 
Definitive Bearer Notes ......................................... 192 
Definitive Notes ..................................................... 192 
Definitive Registered Notes ................................... 192 
Deposit Account Control Agreement .................... 237 
Designated Maturity .............................................. 237 
Determination Agent ............................................. 237 
Directing Investor Class ........................................ 121 
Discharge Date ...................................................... 120 
Discount Security .................................................. 264 
Distribution Compliance Period ............................ 237 
distributor .................................................................. v 
Dodd-Frank .............................................................. 50 
Dodd-Frank Act ....................................................... 70 
DTC ........................................................................... 5 
DTC Participants ................................................... 252 
Due for Payment ...................................................... 43 
Early Redemption Amount .................................... 238 
Early Redemption Costs ........................................ 238 
Early Redemption Date ......................................... 238 
Early Redemption Notice ...................................... 216 
Early Redemption Notice Period ........................... 239 
ECOA ...................................................................... 68 
EEA Member Country ........................................... 239 
EEA Retail Investor ................................................... v 
Effective Interest Payment Date ............................ 239 
Election Period ...................................................... 139 
Eligible Assets ....................................................... 145 
Eligible ATR Compliance Date ............................... 69 
Eligible Securities .................................................... 13 
Equivalent Margin Securities ................................ 102 
Equivalent Securities ............................................. 100 
ERISA ................................................................... 272 
Escrow Account ..................................................... 118 
Escrow Account (New York) ................................ 128 
Escrow Termination Date ........................................ 54 
Escrow Termination Date ...................................... 137 
ESMA .......................................................................vi 
Established Rate .................................................... 239 
EU ............................................................................. ii 
EU Benchmark Regulation .......................................vi 
EU CRA Regulation ................................................. ii 
EU MiFID II ...............................................................i 
EU MiFID Product Governance Rules ...................... v 
EU PRIIPs Regulation ............................................... v 
euro ........................................................................ 239 
Eurobond Basis ...................................................... 236 
Euroclear................................................................ 239 
Euroclear Rules ..................................................... 239 
Euronext Dublin .........................................................i 
European System Acceleration Date ..................... 123 
European System Acceleration Notice .................. 120 
European System Class Collateral ......................... 115 
European System Directing Investor Class............ 121 
European System Directing Investor Notice.......... 121 
European System Eligible Securities ..................... 119 
European System Intangible Collateral ................. 115 
European System Net Cash Proceeds .................... 119 
European System Post-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments ............................................................ 123 
European System Qualified Directing Investor ..... 121 
European System Qualified Instructions ............... 122 
European System Securities Collateral .................. 115 
European System Unallocated Collateral .............. 115 
Euro-zone .............................................................. 239 
Exchange Act ......................................................... 137 
Exchange Business Day ......................................... 239 
Exchange Date ....................................................... 239 
Exchange Event ..................................................... 239 
Exchange Notice .................................................... 239 
Exchange Rate ....................................................... 239 
Excluded Bids ........................................................ 115 
Excluded Issue ....................................................... 193 
Extension Option Exercise Date ............................ 239 
Extension Option Exercise Notice ......................... 217 
Extension Option Exercise Period ......................... 240 
Extension Option Notice Period ............................ 217 
Extension Option Notice Period Number .............. 240 
Extraordinary Resolution ....................................... 240 
FATCA .................................................................. 240 
FCA ......................................................................... 47 
Federal Reserve's Website ..................................... 240 
FHA ......................................................................... 72 
Final Redemption Amount .................................... 240 
Final Terms ............................................................ 240 
Financial Collateral................................................ 116 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Law ............. 280 
Firm ......................................................................... 96 
First Amendment Closing Date ............................. 240 
Fitch ............................................................................i 
Floating Rate ......................................................... 242 
Floating Rate Option ............................................. 242 
FOMC Target Rate ................................................ 240 
foreign currency ..................................................... 263 
foreign passthru payments ..................................... 271 
GCMTN Series Documents ................................... 240 
Global Bearer Notes .............................................. 192 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Note Series .......i 
Global Collateralised Medium Term Notes ................i 
Global Notes .......................................................... 192 
Global Registered Notes ........................................ 192 
GMRA ................................................................... 100 
HMRC ................................................................... 261 
Homes Act ............................................................... 68 
HUD ........................................................................ 73

--- Page 290 ---
I-3 
ICMA Rule Book................................................... 236 
ICPE Collateral Account Agreement ..................... 139 
ICSDs .................................................................... 188 
IGAs ...................................................................... 271 
Income ................................................................... 106 
Independent Director ............................................... 93 
Insolvency Event ................................................... 112 
installment obligation ............................................ 264 
Intercompany Loan .................................................. 98 
Intercompany Loan Agreement ............................... 98 
Intercompany Loan Event of Default ...................... 98 
Interest Amount ..................................................... 241 
Interest Commencement Period ............................. 241 
Interest Determination Date ................................... 241 
Interest Payment Date ............................................ 197 
Interest Payment Dates .......................................... 197 
Interest Period ........................................................ 241 
Interest Period End Date ........................................ 241 
Interest Rate ........................................................... 197 
Investment Company Act ........................................ iii 
IRS ......................................................................... 242 
ISDA ...................................................................... 242 
ISDA Definitions ................................................... 242 
ISDA Rate ............................................................. 242 
ISIN ....................................................................... 282 
Issue and Paying Agent ......................................... 191 
Issue Price .............................................................. 242 
Issuer ..........................................................................i 
Issuer Collateral Posting Election ............................ 14 
Issuer Event of Default .......................................... 242 
Issuer Make-Whole Redemption Notice Period .... 218 
Issuer Notice Period ............................................... 216 
Issuer Notice Period Number ................................. 242 
Issuer Option Exercise Date .................................. 243 
Issuer Option Exercise Period ............................... 243 
Issuer Tax Event .................................................... 226 
JPM CMSA ........................................................... 243 
Linear Interpolation ............................................... 243 
Liquidation Member .................................................. 7 
Litigation Committee ............................................... 54 
LLP .............................................................................i 
LLP Deed................................................................. 92 
LLP Event of Default ............................................ 243 
LLP Management Committee .................................. 93 
LLP Master Account ............................................... 93 
LLP Undertaking ....................................................... 8 
LLP Undertaking (English Law) ............................... 8 
LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Assets) ..................... 243 
LLP Undertaking (Mortgage Repo) ....................... 143 
LLP Undertaking (New York Law) ........................... 8 
LLP Undertakings...................................................... 8 
Loan Collateral ...................................................... 156 
Loan Security Agreement ...................................... 243 
Luxembourg Agent ................................................ 192 
Luxembourg Registrar ........................................... 191 
MAE Certificate .................................................... 113 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount ........................ 218 
Make-Whole Redemption Date ............................. 218 
Margin Amount ..................................................... 139 
Margin Deficit ....................................................... 102 
Margin Excess ....................................................... 102 
Margin Notice Deadline ........................................ 102 
Margin Securities ................................................... 102 
Margin Transfer ..................................................... 102 
Margin Value ......................................................... 102 
Market Discount Security ...................................... 265 
Market Value ........................................................... 14 
MAS ...................................................................... 279 
Master Mortgage Custodian .................................. 244 
Maturity Date ......................................................... 244 
Maximum Rate of Interest ..................................... 244 
Member.................................................................... 92 
Member State ..............................................................i 
Members .................................................................. 92 
Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate ............. 244 
Minimum Rate of Interest ...................................... 244 
Moody's ......................................................................i 
Mortgage Asset Repurchase Agreement ................ 143 
Mortgage Asset Security Agreement ..................... 143 
Mortgage Assets .................................................... 143 
Mortgage Custodial Agreement ............................. 244 
Mortgage Custodial Undertaking........................... 244 
Mortgage Custodian .............................................. 244 
Mortgage Loan ...................................................... 244 
Mortgage Repo Acceleration Notice ..................... 155 
Mortgage Repo Amendment Closing Date ............ 143 
Mortgage Repo Class ............................................... 15 
Mortgage Repo Collateral Account ....................... 157 
Mortgage Repo Confirmation ................................ 149 
Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreement ................... 153 
Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Class ............... 160 
Mortgage Repo Directing Investor Notice ............. 160 
Mortgage Repo Escrow Account ........................... 157 
Mortgage Repo Intangible Collateral .................... 156 
Mortgage Repo Investor Allocation Report ........... 153 
Mortgage Repo Margin Deficit ............................. 151 
Mortgage Repo Margin Excess ............................. 151 
Mortgage Repo Margin Value ............................... 151 
Mortgage Repo Market Value ............................... 154 
Mortgage Repo Mortgage Repo Market Value ..... 151 
Mortgage Repo Noteholders .................................... 58 
Mortgage Repo Notes .............................................. 58 
Mortgage Repo Payment Amount ......................... 155 
Mortgage Repo Post-Acceleration Priority of 
Payments ............................................................ 162 
Mortgage Repo Price Differential.......................... 149 
Mortgage Repo Qualified Directing Investor ........ 160 
Mortgage Repo Qualified Instructions .................. 160 
Mortgage Repo Secured Creditors ......................... 156 
Mortgage Repo Secured Obligations ..................... 156 
Mortgage Repo Unallocated Collateral ................. 156 
Mortgage Repurchase Transaction ........................ 145

--- Page 291 ---
I-4 
MoU ......................................................................... 20 
MRA ...................................................................... 100 
MRA Margin Deficit ............................................. 102 
MRA Margin Excess ............................................. 102 
Net Cash Proceeds ................................................. 158 
New Bank Issuer .................................................... 228 
New Purchased Securities...................................... 105 
New York Agent .................................................... 192 
New York City Banking Day ................................ 245 
New York Federal Reserve's Website ................... 245 
New York Law Amendment .................................. 138 
Nominal Amount ................................................... 245 
Note Payment Account (English) .......................... 118 
Notes ...........................................................................i 
NSS ........................................................................ 193 
NY Registrar .......................................................... 192 
OBFR ..................................................................... 245 
OBFR Index Cessation Date .................................. 245 
OBFR Index Cessation Event ................................ 245 
OBFR Interest Reset Date ..................................... 246 
OBFR Rate Cut-Off Date ...................................... 246 
Observation Method .............................................. 246 
Offering Documents ................................................. ii 
Offeror ......................................................................iv 
Official List ................................................................i 
OID ........................................................................ 264 
Option Exercise Notice .......................................... 215 
Optional Cancellation Date.................................... 246 
Optional Redemption Amount ............................... 246 
Optional Redemption Date .................................... 246 
Original Base Prospectus ....................................... 173 
Original Issue Discount ......................................... 263 
passport .......................................................................i 
Paying Agents ........................................................ 191 
Payment Amount ................................................... 114 
Permanent Global Note ......................................... 193 
Permitted Dealing .................................................. 119 
Permitted Restricted Securities Collateral Holder . 131 
Person .................................................................... 137 
Plan .......................................................................... 54 
Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments ................. 246 
Pre-Acceleration Priority of Payments .................. 111 
Price Differential ................................................... 101 
Price Differential Payment Date ............................ 101 
Pricing Rate ........................................................... 101 
Principal Amount Outstanding .............................. 246 
Principal Financial Centre ..................................... 246 
Priority of Payments .............................................. 246 
Proceedings ............................................................ 228 
Programme ................................................................ 3 
Programme Documents ......................................... 246 
Prospectus Regulation ................................................i 
PTCE ..................................................................... 273 
Purchase Date ........................................................ 247 
Purchase Price ....................................................... 100 
Purchase Securities ................................................ 247 
Purchased Assets ................................................... 146 
Purchased Securities .............................................. 100 
Put Notice Period ................................................... 215 
Put Notice Period Number ..................................... 247 
Put Option Exercise Date....................................... 247 
Put Option Exercise Period .................................... 247 
QIBs ......................................................................... iii 
QPs .......................................................................... iii 
Qualified Mortgages ................................................ 70 
Rate Cut-off Date................................................... 247 
Rebuttable Presumption Qualified Mortgages ......... 71 
Receiver ................................................................. 120 
Record Date ........................................................... 247 
Redemption Amount .............................................. 247 
Redemption Margin ............................................... 247 
Redemption Rate ................................................... 247 
Reference Banks .................................................... 247 
Reference Rate ....................................................... 247 
Register .................................................................. 247 
Registered Notes .................................................... 191 
Registrar ................................................................ 191 
Registrars ............................................................... 192 
Regulated Market .......................................................i 
Regulation AB ......................................................... 71 
Regulation S ............................................................ iii 
Regulation S Global Note ...................................... 247 
Regulatory Authority ................................................iv 
Relevant Clearing System...................................... 247 
Relevant Date ........................................................ 248 
Relevant Financial Centre...................................... 248 
Relevant Implementation Date .............................. 276 
Relevant Member State ............................................ ii 
Relevant Rules ....................................................... 248 
Relevant Screen Page ............................................ 248 
Relevant Secured Creditor ..................................... 116 
Relevant Settlement Day ....................................... 248 
Relevant Stock Exchange ...................................... 248 
Relevant Time ....................................................... 248 
Relief Act................................................................. 72 
Replacement Assets ............................................... 152 
Replacement Securities .......................................... 104 
Repurchase Agreement ...............................................i 
Repurchase Assets ................................................. 248 
Repurchase Date .................................................... 100 
Repurchase Event of Default ................................... 14 
Repurchase Events of Default ............................... 248 
Repurchase Price ................................................... 100 
Repurchase Transaction ........................................... 12 
Reset Date .............................................................. 242 
RESPA ..................................................................... 68 
Restricted Notes ..................................................... 194 
Restricted Securities Collateral .................................. 6 
Restricted Securities Collateral Custody Agreement
 ........................................................................... 248 
Restricted Securities Collateral Protocol ................... 6 
RFRs ........................................................................ 23

--- Page 292 ---
I-5 
Rule 144A ................................................................ iii 
Rule 144A Global Note ......................................... 174 
Rules ...................................................................... 249 
S&P ............................................................................i 
Safe Harbour Qualified Mortgages .......................... 71 
SEC .......................................................................... 55 
Second Amendment Closing Date ......................... 249 
Second Restated Visa International By-Laws........ 138 
Secured Creditor .................................................... 116 
Secured Obligations ............................................... 116 
Securities ............................................................... 249 
Securities Account Control Agreement ................. 128 
Securities Act ........................................................... iii 
Security Agreement ............................................... 249 
Security Agreement (English Law) ....................... 249 
Security Agreement (New York Law) ................... 249 
Security Trustee ..................................................... 249 
Seller ...........................................................................i 
Seller File............................................................... 150 
Seller's account ...................................................... 107 
Series ..................................................................... 249 
Series Closing Date ............................................... 191 
Series Operating Account ...................................... 118 
Settlement Expenses ................................................ 42 
SFA ...........................................................................vi 
SFO ........................................................................ 280 
Shared Collateral Class Group ............................... 249 
Short-Term Security .............................................. 264 
SIFMA ................................................................... 249 
Similar Law ........................................................... 272 
SIPA ........................................................................ 49 
SIPC ......................................................................... 49 
SOFR ....................................................................... 24 
SOFR Determination Time .................................... 250 
SONIA ..................................................................... 24 
Specified Currency ................................................ 250 
Specified Denomination ........................................ 194 
Specified Duration ................................................. 250 
Spot Rate ............................................................... 102 
Spreads File ........................................................... 154 
Sub-Custodial Agreement ...................................... 144 
Sub-Custodian ....................................................... 144 
Successor ............................................................... 250 
Swap Transaction .................................................. 242 
T+3 ........................................................................ 258 
Talons .................................................................... 191 
TARGET ............................................................... 250 
TARGET 2 ............................................................ 250 
TARGET Settlement Day ...................................... 250 
TARGET System ................................................... 250 
Taxes ....................................................................... 42 
TB Source Account ............................................... 107 
TCA ......................................................................... 19 
TEFRA .................................................................. 250 
Temporary Global Note ......................................... 193 
The Income Tax Act .............................................. 261 
TILA ........................................................................ 69 
Title Transfer Side Letter........................................... 9 
Trade Date ............................................................. 250 
Trade Instruction.................................................... 108 
Transaction Bank ................................................... 108 
Transaction Bank Agreement ................................ 107 
Transaction Documents ........................................... 98 
Transaction Exposure ............................................ 102 
Transfer.................................................................. 138 
Transfer Agents ..................................................... 191 
TRID ........................................................................ 68 
Trust Receipt ......................................................... 145 
Trust Receipt Sale Condition ................................. 163 
U.S. Bank Mortgage Repo Custodial Agreement .. 144 
U.S. Bank Mortgage Repo Custodial Undertaking 153 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ............ 250 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code .................................. 250 
UCC ....................................................................... 129 
UK Bail-in Power .................................................. 250 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules .....................vi 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ............................................... v 
UK Prospectus Regulation ......................................... v 
UK Retail Investor ..................................................... v 
Uncertified Regulations ......................................... 251 
Underlying Seller ................................................... 144 
Underlying Seller Agreement ................................ 144 
Underlying Seller Documents ................................ 144 
Underlying Seller Repurchase Option ................... 158 
Underlying Transaction ......................................... 144 
Unextended Notes.................................................. 217 
United States ............................................................ iii 
Unrestricted Notes ................................................. 194 
US ............................................................................ iii 
US System Acceleration Notice ............................ 129 
US System Class Collateral ................................... 126 
US System Collateral ............................................. 126 
US System Directing Investor Class ...................... 131 
US System Directing Investor Notice .................... 131 
US System Intangible Collateral ........................... 126 
US System Net Cash Proceeds .............................. 129 
US System Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments
 ........................................................................... 133 
US System Qualified Directing Investor ............... 130 
US System Qualified Instructions ......................... 131 
US System Secured Creditors ................................ 126 
US System Secured Obligations ............................ 127 
US System Securities Collateral ............................ 126 
US System Unallocated Collateral ........................ 126 
VA ........................................................................... 73 
Variable Interest Rate Securities............................ 266 
Variable Rate ......................................................... 215 
Visa A Common Stock ............................................ 54 
Visa B Common Stock .......................................... 137 
Visa Charter ............................................................. 54 
Visa Escrow Account .............................................. 54 
Visa Inc. ................................................................. 138

--- Page 293 ---
I-6 
Visa Members .......................................................... 54 
Wall Street Act ...................................................... 233

--- Page 294 ---
F-1 
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 ....................................................... F-2 
Report and Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 ....................................................... F-3

--- Page 295 ---
Restricted - External 
BARCLAYS CCP FUNDING LLP 
Members’ Annual Report and Financial Statements 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered No: OC359024
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 296 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Members’ Annual Report and Financial Statements 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
1 
Restricted - External 
Index 
 
                                                                               
 
Page 
 
 
Members’ Annual Report 
Strategic Report 
2-4 
5 
Independent Auditor’s Report  
6-7 
Income Statement 
8 
Balance Sheet 
9 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
10 
Statement of Cash Flows  
11 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
 12-22 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 297 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Members’ Annual Report 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
Registered Number OC359024  
 
2 
Restricted - External 
Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Shea Limited (each a ‘Member’ or together the ‘Members’) present their 
Annual Report together with the audited financial statements of Barclays CCP Funding LLP (the 
‘Partnership’ or ‘LLP’) for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
 
Results 
 
During the year ended 31 December 2019 the Partnership made a loss of $334 (2018: Profit $2,572). The 
Partnership has net assets of $10,003,649 (2018: $10,003,983). 
 
Members 
 
The Partnership was formed under a limited liability partnership deed (the ‘LLP Deed’) entered into on 18 
November 2010 between: 
 
1) Barclays Bank PLC; and 
2) Barclays Shea Limited 
 
The Members act as the Designated Members of the Partnership. In accordance with the terms of the LLP 
Deed, the Partnership is managed by a LLP Management Committee which is comprised of individual 
representatives of Barclays Bank PLC, as follows: 
 
John Feraca 
Dov Kanofsky 
Andrew Diplock (appointed 20 August 2019) 
George Van Schaik 
Richard Strudwick 
Michael Manna (resigned 20 August 2019) 
 
and of individual representatives of Barclays Shea Limited as follows: 
 
Michael Manna (resigned 20 August 2019) 
Mark Newton 
Richard Strudwick 
Dov Kanofsky 
George Van Schaick 
Paivi Helena Whitaker 
Andrew Diplock (appointed 20 August 2019) 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 298 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Members’ Annual Report 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
Registered Number OC359024  
 
3 
Restricted - External 
Going concern 
 
After reviewing the Partnership’s performance, projections and cash flows (including the implications 
from the COVID-19 outbreak) the available banking facilities and taking into account the support available 
from Barclays Bank PLC, the Members are satisfied that the Partnership has adequate access to resources 
to enable it to meet its obligations and to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. For 
this reason, the Members have adopted the going concern basis in preparing these financial statements. 
 
 
Post balance sheet events 
 
The LLP is monitoring the potential downside risk associated with both the direct and indirect impact 
of the COVID-19 outbreak. The LLP continues to operate in line with management’s expectations.  
 
 
Statement of members’ responsibilities in respect of the financial statements    
 
The members are responsible for preparing the Members’ Annual Report and the financial statements in 
accordance with applicable law and regulations. 
 
The Limited Liability Partnerships (Accounts and Audit) (Application of Companies Act 2006) Regulations 
2008 require the members to prepare financial statements for each financial year.  Under that law the 
members have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with IFRSs as adopted by the 
EU and applicable law.   
 
Under Regulation 8 of the Limited Liability Partnerships (Accounts and Audit) (Application of Companies 
Act 2006) Regulations 2008 the members must not approve the financial statements unless they are 
satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the LLP and of its profit or loss for that 
period.  In preparing these financial statements, the members are required to:   
 
 
select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;   
 
make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;   
 
state whether they have been prepared in accordance with IFRSs as adopted by the EU;   
 
assess the LLP’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern; and 
 
use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the LLP or to cease 
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.   
 
Under Regulation 6 of the Limited Liability Partnerships (Accounts and Audit) (Application of Companies 
Act 2006) Regulations 2008, the members are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that 
are sufficient to show and explain the LLP’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any 
time the financial position of the LLP and enable them to ensure that its financial statements comply with 
those regulations.  They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable 
the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard 
the assets of the LLP and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.   
 
Financial Risk Management 
The Partnership follows Barclays Bank PLC’s financial risk management objectives and policies including 
the policy for hedging the exposure to liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk and interest rate risk and these 
are set out in pages 18-21 of the financial statements.  
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 299 ---
DocuSigned by: 
04D161098C3F4AA... 
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Members’ Annual Report 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
Registered Number OC359024  
 
4 
Restricted - External 
The Partnership’s activities are exposed to a variety of financial risks. The Partnership is required to follow 
the requirements of the Group risk management policies, which include specific guidelines on the 
management of foreign exchange, interest rate and credit risks, and advice on the use of financial 
instruments to manage them. The main financial risks that the Partnership is exposed to are outlined in 
Note 15 
 
In accordance with the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority and/or Prudential Regulation Authority, 
the Partnership’s parent, Barclays Bank PLC has published information on its risk management objectives 
and policies and on its regulatory capital requirements and resources. This information is available at 
http://group.barclays.com/Investor-Relations/Financial-results-and-publications/Annual-Reports. 
 
Independent Auditor 
 
KPMG LLP has been appointed by the Partnership to hold office in accordance with section 487 of the 
Companies Act 2006.  
 
Statement of disclosure of information to Auditor 
So far as the Members are aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Partnership’s Auditor 
is unaware. The Members have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as Members in order to 
make themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Partnership’s Auditor 
is aware of that information. 
 
 
 
 
 
For and on behalf of 
Barclays CCP Funding LLP  
 
 
 
 
Name: Dov Kanofsky 
Authorized representative of Barclays Bank PLC 
Designated Member 
Date:  22/09/2020
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 300 ---
DocuSigned by: 
E
04D161098C3F4AA... 
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Strategic Report 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
5 
Restricted - External 
The Members present their strategic report for the Partnership for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
 
Review and principal activities 
 
The principal activity of the Partnership is to provide funding to the Partnership’s affiliates and subsidiaries 
of Barclays Bank PLC.  Barclays Bank PLC raises funds by way of issuing Collateralized Notes and in certain 
circumstances co-issued by Barclays US CCP Funding LLC to investors and then lends the issuance 
proceeds to the Partnership, which enters into market standard reverse repurchase agreements with its 
affiliates and members. 
 
Business performance 
 
The Partnership’s business performance during the year ended 31 December 2019 is detailed on Page 1 
of the Members’ Report.   
 
Future outlook 
 
No significant change in this activity is envisaged in the foreseeable future and the Members expect the 
Partnership’s future performance to be in line with the current year.  
 
The Members have reviewed the Partnership’s business and performance and consider it to be 
satisfactory for the year. The Members consider that the Partnership’s position at the end of the year is 
consistent with the size and complexity of the business.  
 
Principal risks and uncertainties 
 
The Partnership’s activities expose it to a variety of risks as set out in Note 15 of the financial statements. 
The Members devotes considerable resources to maintaining effective controls to manage, measure and 
mitigate each of these risks, and regularly reviews its risk management procedures and systems to ensure 
that they continue to meet the needs of the business.   
 
Whilst the direct and indirect impact of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak remains uncertain, a 
number of central banks and governments have announced financial stimulus packages in anticipation 
of a very significant negative impact on GDP during 2020. Concerns remain as to whether these policy 
tools will counter anticipated macro-economic risks and a prolongation of the outbreak could 
significantly adversely affect economic growth, affect specific industries or countries. In addition, an 
escalation in geopolitical tensions or increased use of protectionist measures may also negatively impact 
the Company’s business  
 
 
For and on behalf of 
Barclays CCP Funding LLP  
 
 
 
 
Name: Dov Kanofsky 
Authorized representative of Barclays Bank PLC 
Designated Member 
Date: 22/09/2020 
Company number OC35902
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 301 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
6 
Restricted - External 
We have audited the financial statements of Barclays CCP Funding LLP (“the LLP”) for the year ended 31 
December 2019 which comprise the Income Statement, Balance Sheet, Statement of Changes in Equity 
and Statement of Cash Flows and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 2. 
 
In our opinion the financial statements:   
 
 
give a true and fair view, of the state of affairs of the LLP as at 31 December 2019 and of its result 
for the year then ended;  
 
have been properly prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the EU; and   
 
have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as applied 
to limited liability partnerships by the Limited Liability Partnerships (Accounts and Audit) 
(Application of Companies Act 2006) Regulations 2008.   
 
Basis for opinion 
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and 
applicable law.  Our responsibilities are described below.  We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities 
under, and are independent of the LLP in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC 
Ethical Standard.  We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate basis 
for our opinion. 
 
Going concern 
The members have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend 
to liquidate the LLP or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the LLP’s financial position 
means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties that could 
have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year from the date 
of approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”). 
We are required to report to you if we have concluded that the use of the going concern basis of 
accounting is inappropriate or there is an undisclosed material uncertainty that may cast significant doubt 
over the use of that basis for a period of at least a year from the date of approval of the financial 
statements.  In our evaluation of the members’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the LLP’s 
business model and analyzed how those risks might affect the LLP’s financial resources or ability to 
continue operations over the going concern period.  We have nothing to report in these respects.    
 
However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in 
outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the 
absence of reference to a material uncertainty in this auditor's report is not a guarantee that the LLP will 
continue in operation.  
 
 
Other information 
 
The members are responsible for the other information, which comprises the Members’ annual report 
and Strategic report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and, 
accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
 
Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our 
financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the 
financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work, we have not identified material 
misstatements in the other information.  
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 302 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
7 
Restricted - External 
Matters on which we are required to report by exception 
 
Under the Companies Act 2006 as applied to limited liability partnerships we are required to report to you 
if, in our opinion: 
 
 
adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been 
received from branches not visited by us; or 
 
the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or 
 
we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit. 
 
We have nothing to report in these respects. 
 
Members’ responsibilities  
 
As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 3, the members are responsible for the 
preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such 
internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the LLP’s ability to continue as 
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the LLP or to cease operations, or have no 
realistic alternative but to do so.     
 
Auditor’s responsibilities  
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s 
report.  Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted 
in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.  Misstatements 
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial 
statements. 
 
A fuller description of our responsibilities is provided on the FRC’s website at 
www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. 
 
The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities 
 
This report is made solely to the members of the LLP, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 
of the Companies Act 2006, as required by Regulation 39 of the Limited Liability Partnerships (Accounts 
and Audit) (Application of Companies Act 2006) Regulations 2008.  Our audit work has been undertaken 
so that we might state to the LLP’s members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s 
report and for no other purpose.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume 
responsibility to anyone other than the LLP and the LLP’s members, as a body, for our audit work, for this 
report, or for the opinions we have formed.   
 
 
Michael McGarry (Senior Statutory Auditor)   
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor   
Chartered Accountants   
15 Canada Square 
London  
E14 5GL 
22 September 2020 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 303 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
INCOME STATEMENT 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
  
 
8 
Restricted - External 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Note 
2019 
  
2018 
  
  
$'000 
  
$'000 
Continuing operations: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Interest Income 
3 
- 
  
           3 
  
 
 
  
 
Interest Expense 
4 
- 
  
          - 
  
 
  
 
Net interest income 
 
- 
  
3 
  
 
 
  
 
Net trading income 
5 
- 
  
- 
  
 
  
 
Net income 
- 
  
3 
  
 
  
 
Result on ordinary activities before 
taxation 
- 
  
3 
  
 
  
 
Taxation 
- 
 
- 
  
 
  
 
Result for the year  
  
- 
  
3 
  
  
  
  
  
The result for the year is derived from continuing activities. All recognized income and 
expenses have been reported in the income statement, hence no statement of comprehensive 
income has been included in the financial statements. 
 
The accompanying notes from pages 12 to 22 form an integral part of these financial 
statements. 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 304 ---
cV
-- 
DocuSigned by: 
--- 
04D161098C3F4AA...
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
BALANCE SHEET 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
  
 
9 
Restricted - External 
Restated 
Restated 
 
Note 
2019 
2018 
2017 
Assets 
 
$'000 
$'000 
$'000 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
10 
10,004 
10,004 
10,001 
Financial assets at fair value 
11 
17,932,414 
17,836,030 
10,840,874 
Reverse Repurchase Agreement 
 
- 
- 
5,995,365 
Other Receivables 
 
- 
- 
500,292 
Total assets 
 
17,942,418 
17,846,034 
17,346,532 
 
 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value 
12 
(17,932,414) 
(17,836,030) 
(10,840,874) 
Borrowings 
 
- 
- 
(5,995,365) 
Other Creditors 
 
- 
- 
(500,292) 
Total Liabilities  
 
(17,932,414) 
(17,836,030) 
(17,336,531) 
 
 
 
 
 
Net assets attributable to Members 
 
 
 
 
Members' capital 
13 
(10,000) 
(10,000) 
(10,000) 
Retained Earnings 
 
(4) 
(4) 
(1) 
Total members' equity 
 
(10,004) 
(10,004) 
(10,001) 
 
 
The accompanying notes from pages 12 to 22 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
The statement of Financial Position has been presented using the liquidity-based approach of presentation with 
comparatives re-presented for reference. Please refer to Note 2(b) describing the approach and the rationale for 
using this approach. 
 
The financial statements were approved by the members and authorized for issue on 01/09/ 2020 and were 
signed on behalf of the members by: 
 
 
 
 
 
Dov Kanofsky 
Authorized representative for Barclays Bank PLC 
Designated Member 
Date: 22/09/2020 
Company number OC359024 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 305 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY  
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
10 
Restricted - External 
Members' 
capital 
Retained 
earnings 
Total 
members' 
equity 
$'000 
$'000 
$'000 
Balance at 1 January 2019 
10,000 
4 
10,004 
Issuance of members' capital 
- 
- 
- 
Profit for the year 
- 
- 
- 
Balance at 31 December 2019 
10,000 
4 
10,004 
Members' 
capital 
Retained 
earnings 
Total 
members' 
equity 
$'000 
$'000 
$'000 
Balance at 1 January 2018 
10,000 
1 
10,001 
Issuance of members' capital 
- 
- 
- 
Profit for the year 
- 
3 
3 
Balance at 31 December 2018 
10,000 
4 
10,004 
  
 
 
The accompanying notes from pages 12 to 22 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 306 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
 
11 
Restricted - External 
 
Note 
2019 
2018 
$'000 
$'000 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
Profit before Taxation 
- 
3 
Net (increase)/decrease in financial assets at fair value 
through the income statement 
 
(96,384) 
 
(999,791) 
Net (increase)/decrease in reverse repurchase agreements 
- 
- 
Net increase /(decrease) in financial liabilities at fair value 
through the income statement 
 
96,384 
999,791 
Net increase/(decrease) in borrowings 
- 
- 
 
Net increase in cash and cash Equivalents 
- 
3 
 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 
10,004 
10,001 
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 
10,004 
10,004 
Cash and cash equivalents comprise: 
 
Cash at bank 
10 
10,004 
10,004 
 
The accompanying notes from pages 12 to 22 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 307 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
12 
Restricted - External 
1. REPORTING ENTITY 
 
The financial statements are prepared for Barclays CCP Funding LLP (the ‘Partnership’ or ‘LLP’) and are 
prepared for the Partnership only in line with the Companies Act 2006 as applied to limited liability partnerships 
in accordance with the Limited Liability Partnerships (Accounts and Audit) (Application of Companies Act 
2006) Regulations 2008. The Members of the Partnership are Barclays Bank Plc (‘BBPLC’) and Barclays Shea 
Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of BBPLC. Consequently, the Partnership is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
BBPLC and its ultimate controlling company is Barclays PLC, both of which prepare consolidated financial 
statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’). Barclays Capital Inc (‘BCI’) 
and Barclays Capital Securities Limited (‘BCSL’) act as the Partnership’s affiliates and are subsidiaries of BBPLC. 
The principal activity of the Partnership is to provide funding to the Partnership’s affiliates and subsidiaries of 
Barclays Bank PLC.  Barclays Bank PLC raises funds by way of issuing Collateralized Notes and in certain 
circumstances co-issued by Barclays US CCP Funding LLC to investors and then lends the issuance proceeds 
to the Partnership, which enters into market standard reverse repurchase agreements with its affiliates and 
members. 
 
Barclays CCP Funding LLP is a limited liability partnership formed and domiciled in England. The Partnership’s 
registered office is: 
1 Churchill Place 
London 
E14 5HP 
England 
 
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the financial statements are set out below. These 
policies have been consistently applied.  
 
(a) Compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
 
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
(‘IFRS’) and interpretations (‘IFRIC’) issued by the Interpretations Committee, as published by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (‘IASB’) as adopted by the European Union. The principal accounting policies 
applied in the preparation of the financial statements are set out below, and in the relevant notes to the financial 
statements. These policies have been consistently applied. 
 
(b)  Basis of preparation 
 
The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention modified to include the fair 
valuation of certain financial instruments to the extent required or permitted under IAS 39, ‘Financial 
Instruments, recognition, and measurement’ for hedges and IFRS 9 ‘Financial Instruments as set out in the 
relevant accounting policies They are presented in  thousands of US dollars, which is the Partnership’s 
functional and presentation currency. 
 
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting 
estimates. It also requires management to exercise judgement in the process of applying the accounting 
policies.  
 
After reviewing the Partnership’s performance projections and cash flows (including the implications from the             
COVID-19 outbreak) the available banking facilities and taking into account the support available from Barclays 
Bank PLC, the Members are satisfied that the Partnership has adequate access to resources to enable it to meet 
its obligations and to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future. For this reason, the Members 
have adopted the going concern basis in preparing these financial statements. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 308 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
13 
Restricted - External 
 
The statement of Financial Position has been presented using the liquidity-based approach of presentation. 
Using this approach results in a more faithful representation given the existence of early put/call options       
(Note 15) which could result in the settlement of financial assets and liabilities before their scheduled maturity 
dates. Comparative presentation had split borrowings between non-current and current components however 
using the original approach to presentation would have resulted in a restatement to current for those 
borrowings with an early call option present. By re-presenting the comparatives on the face of the statement of 
Financial Position using the liquidity-based approach of presentation restatement is not necessary, and the 
impact has resulted in the non-current and current components of financial assets and liabilities being added 
together for 2018 and 2017. 
 
(c)  New and amended standards  
 
The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year. There are no new 
and amended standards that would have a material impact on the entity. 
 
(d)  Foreign Currency Translation 
 
Items included in the financial statements of the LLP are measured using their functional currency, being Dollar 
($) the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates.  
 
Foreign currency transactions are translated into dollar using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the 
transactions. Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rate prevailing at the 
period end. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the retranslation and settlement of these items 
are recognised in the income statement except for qualifying cash flow hedges or hedges of net investments.   
 
Non-monetary assets that are measured at fair value are translated using the exchange rate at the date that the 
fair value was determined.  Exchange differences on equities and similar non-monetary items held at fair value 
through profit or loss, are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss.  Translation differences on equities 
classified as available-for-sale financial assets and non-monetary items are included directly in equity. 
 
(e)  Interest  
 
Interest income or expense is recognised on all interest bearing financial instruments using the effective interest 
rate method.  
 
The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts the expected future cash payments or receipts 
through the expected life of the financial instrument, to the net carrying amount of the instrument. The 
application of the method has the effect of recognising income (and expense) receivable (or payable) on the 
instrument evenly in proportion to the amount outstanding over the period to maturity or repayment.  
 
(f)  Cash and cash equivalents 
 
For the purposes of the cash flow statement, cash comprises cash in hand, demand deposits and cash 
equivalents. Cash equivalents comprise highly liquid investments that are convertible into cash with an 
insignificant risk of changes in value with original maturities of less than three months. Trading balances are 
not considered to be part of cash equivalents 
 
(g) Financial assets and liabilities at fair value 
 
The Company applies IFRS 9 Financial Instruments to the recognition, classification and measurement, and 
de-recognition of financial assets and financial liabilities. 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 309 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
14 
Restricted - External 
Recognition 
 
The Company recognises financial assets and liabilities when it becomes a party to the terms of the contract. 
Trade date or settlement date accounting is applied depending on the classification of the financial asset. 
 
Classification and measurement 
Financial assets are classified on the basis of two criteria:  
i) the business model within which financial assets are managed; and  
ii) their contractual cash flow characteristics (whether the cash flows represent ‘solely payments of principal 
and interest’ (SPPI)). 
 
 
The Company assesses the business model criteria at a portfolio level. Information that is considered in 
determining the applicable business model includes  
 
i) policies and objectives for the relevant portfolio,  
ii) how the performance and risks of the portfolio are managed, evaluated and reported to management, and  
iii) the frequency, volume and timing of sales in prior periods, sales expectation for future periods, and the 
reasons for such sales. 
 
The contractual cash flow characteristics of financial assets are assessed with reference to whether the cash 
flows represent SPPI. In assessing whether contractual cash flows are SPPI compliant, interest is defined as 
consideration primarily for the time value of money and the credit risk of the principal outstanding. The time 
value of money is defined as the element of interest that provides consideration only for the passage of time 
and not consideration for other risks or costs associated with holding the financial asset. Terms that could 
change the contractual cash flows so that it would not meet the condition for SPPI are considered, including:  
i) contingent and leverage features,  
ii) non-recourse arrangements and  
iii) features that could modify the time value of money. 
 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
Financial assets will be measured at amortised cost if they are held within a business model whose objective is 
to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, and their contractual cash flows represent 
solely payments of principal and interest. 
 
Financial assets will be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if they are held within a 
business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial 
assets, and their contractual cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest. 
 
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
Other financial assets are measured at fair value through profit and loss. There is an option to make an 
irrevocable election for non-traded equity investments to be measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, in which case dividends are recognised in profit or loss, but gains or losses are not 
reclassified to profit or loss upon de-recognition, and impairment is not recognised in the income statement. 
 
In accordance with IFRS 9, financial liabilities may be designated at fair value, with gains and losses taken to 
the income statement in Net trading income. The Partnership has the ability to make the fair value designation 
when holding the instruments at fair value reduces an accounting mismatch (caused by an offsetting asset 
being held at fair value), or is managed by the Partnership on the basis of its fair value, or includes terms that 
have substantive derivative characteristics 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 310 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
15 
Restricted - External 
Determining fair value 
 
Where the classification of a financial instrument requires it to be stated at fair value, this is determined by 
reference to the quoted market price in an active market wherever possible. Where no such active market exists 
for the particular asset, the Company uses a valuation technique to arrive at the fair value, including the use of 
prices obtained in recent arms' length transactions, discounted cash flow analysis, option pricing models and 
other valuation techniques commonly used by market participants. 
 
Valuation technique  
Where the classification of a financial instrument requires it to be stated at fair value, this is determined by 
discounted cash flows, in which all significant inputs are observable, or can be corroborated by observable 
market data. 
 
Valuation process 
 
The Partnership relies on the valuation process and methodologies of BBPLC. 
 
(h) Borrowings  
 
Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value including direct and incremental transaction cost. They are 
subsequently measured at amortised cost. Borrowings are derecognised when extinguished.  
 
(i) Guarantees  
 
Financial guarantees are initially recognised in the financial statements at fair value on the date that the 
guarantee was provided. Subsequent to initial recognition, such guarantees are measured at the higher of the 
initial measurement less any amortisation of fee income recognised in the income statement over the period, 
and the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle any financial liability arising as a result of the 
obligation at the statement of financial position date. 
 
(j) Members’ capital 
 
Members’ capital classified as equity, provided that there is no present obligation to deliver cash or another 
financial asset to the holder, is shown in called up members’ capital. The capital contributions in cash made or 
deemed to be made by BBPLC from time to time shall be credited to its separate capital account ledger and 
any capital distribution will be debited to its capital account ledger.   
 
(k) Members’ capital distributions 
 
Members’ capital distributions are recognised in the period in which they are paid or, if earlier, approved by the 
Partnership’s members. 
 
 
(l) Taxation 
 
For UK purposes, the Partnership is treated as being tax transparent. The Partnership is not therefore separately 
taxable, as all income of the Partnership flows through to each individual Member.  
 
  
 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 311 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
16 
Restricted - External 
3. INTEREST INCOME  
 
 
  
2019 
  
2018 
  
$’000 
  
$’000 
Interest income from affiliates and member  
       - 
  
3 
  
              - 
                         3 
 
 
 
4. INTEREST EXPENSE 
 
  
          2019 
  
2018 
  
          $’000 
  
$’000 
Interest expense to member 
               -   
  
               -   
  
              - 
              - 
 
 
5. NET TRADING INCOME 
 
Included within net trading income were gains of $286,918,807 (2018: $180,217,444) on financial assets at 
fair value and losses of $286,918,807 (2018: $180,217,444) on financial liabilities at fair value. 
 
6. AUDIT FEE FOR PARTNERSHIP 
 
 
The audit fee is borne by BCI, the Partnership’s affiliate. The fee for auditing the financial statements of the 
Partnership amounts to $ 21,500 (2018: $20,000). This fee is paid by an affiliate and is not recognised as an 
expense in the financial statements. 
 
7. MEMBERS’ EMOLUMENTS 
 
 
 
The Members did not receive any emoluments in respect of their services to the Partnership during the year 
(2018: $ Nil).  
 
8. STAFF COSTS 
 
 
There were no employees employed by the Partnership during 2019 (2018: Nil). All support is provided by an 
affiliated entity. 
 
9. GUARANTEES  
 
The Partnership has provided a guarantee over the obligations of BBPLC under the Collateralised Commercial 
Paper issued via a LLP undertaking.  If BBPLC was to default to investors, under the terms of the guarantee, 
investors would have recourse to the Partnership’s investment in its financial assets at fair value, which is 
collateralised by securities. Recourse under the LLP undertaking is limited only to the Collateral expressed in 
the Security Agreement to the respective class held by such Noteholders. 
 
 
10. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 
Cash and Cash equivalents of $10,004,046 (2018: $10,004,360) relates to cash held with Bank of New York 
Mellon. Carrying value of cash equivalents approximates their fair value. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 312 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
17 
Restricted - External 
 
11. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE 
  
2019 
 
2018 
  
$'000 
 
$'000 
Affiliates 
       333,823  
 
540,855 
Member 
 17,598,591 
 
17,295,175 
  
 17,932,414  
 
17,836,030 
 
Financial assets at fair value represents reverse repurchase agreements as a result of the assessment of the 
business model which is classified as 'Other' than 'Hold to collect'. The balances are subsequently measured on 
a fair value basis rather than amortized cost.  
 
The Partnership has financial assets at fair value with its affiliate (BCI and BCSL) and its member (BBPLC). The 
fair value of the collateral pledged to the Partnership under financial assets at fair value is $18,951,550,088 
(2018: $18,501,960,802).   
 
Financial assets at fair value are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as their valuation incorporates 
significant inputs that are based on observable market data. 
 
12. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE 
 
  
  
2019 
         2018 
  
  
$’000 
$’000 
Amounts due to member  
  
(17,932,414) 
(17,836,030) 
  
  
(17,932,414) 
(17,836,030) 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value represents borrowings that have been designated at fair value to better align to 
the way business manages the portfolio’s risk and performance. Any effect of remeasurement of such liabilities 
are taken to the income statement. 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as their valuation incorporates 
significant inputs that are based on observable market data. 
 
   Additional details in respect of the Partnership’s financial liabilities at fair value are detailed in Note15. 
 
 
 
 
 
13. MEMBERS’ CAPITAL 
  
  
2019 
  
2018 
  
  
$’000 
  
$’000 
Balance at 1 January 
10,000 
10,000 
Issuance of members’ capital 
  
- 
- 
Balance at 31 December  
  
10,000 
10,000 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 313 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
18 
Restricted - External 
14. PARENT UNDERTAKING AND ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY 
 
The Members of the Partnership are Barclays Bank Plc (‘BBPLC’) and Barclays Shea Limited, a wholly owned 
subsidiary of BBPLC, and therefore the ultimate parent of the Partnership is Barclays PLC. The parent 
undertaking of the smallest group that presents consolidated financial statements is BBPLC. Both the 
Partnership and BBPLC are incorporated in the United Kingdom and registered in England. The statutory 
financial statements of Barclays Bank PLC are available from Barclays Corporate Secretariat, 1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP. 
 
15. FINANCIAL RISKS 
 
The Partnership’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks. These are liquidity risk, credit risk and market 
risk (which includes foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk). Consequently, BBPLC devotes 
considerable resources to maintain effective controls to manage measure and mitigate each of these risks, and 
regularly reviews its risk management procedures and systems to ensure that they continue to meet the needs 
of the business.   
 
Liquidity risk  
  
This is the risk that the Partnership’s cash and committed facilities may be insufficient to meet its debts as they 
fall due. The financial liabilities at fair value and borrowings of the Partnership are matched to the maturities of 
the Partnership’s financial assets at fair value and reverse repurchase agreements. The Partnership has the 
financial support from BBPLC, to ensure the Partnership has sufficient available funds for operations. 
 
   The table below presents the payment profile of the financial assets and liabilities taking contractual 
   maturities and potential early redemption into account where this option is available at the statement of 
   financial position date. 
 
                                                      2019 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value 
  
$'000 
Financial liabilities repayable: 
  
Not more than three months 
                                                               (6,437,051) 
Over three months but not more than six months 
(5,549,941) 
Over six months but not more than one year 
(5,945,422) 
Over one year but not more than two years 
                                                             - 
Total 
(17,932,414) 
 
 
 
The comparative table presents the payment profile of the financial assets and liabilities taking contractual 
maturities into account but doesn't take the potential for an early redemption into account. Had the early 
redemption option been considered as per 2019, the 2018 comparative figures for financial liabilities would 
be as follows: $9,044,573 ($‘000) - not more than three months; $3,889,917 ($‘000) - over three months but 
not more than six months; $4,786,233 ($’000) - over six months but not more than one year and $115,307 
($‘000) - over one year but not more than two years. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 314 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
19 
Restricted - External 
                        
2018  
  
Financial liabilities at fair value 
  
$'000 
Financial liabilities repayable: 
  
Not more than three months 
 (6,135,020) 
Over three months but not more than six months 
(4,055,441) 
Over six months but not more than one year 
(6,359,438) 
Over one year but not more than two years 
(1,286,131) 
Total 
(17,836,030) 
 
 
 
 
Credit Risk 
 
Credit risk is the risk of suffering financial loss, should any of the Partnership’s customers or market 
counterparties fail to fulfil their contractual obligations to the Partnership. The Partnership manages its credit 
risk by entering into collateral lending with entities within the Barclays Group.  
 
The Partnership’s maximum exposure to credit risk is detailed in the table below. The exposure reported in 
the table represents the gross receivable amounts, which may not be the fair value. The exposure is reported 
gross and does not include any collateral or other credit risk mitigants which reduce the Partnership’s 
exposure. The exposure by industry type relates to the financial institutions.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      2019 
 
Cash Equivalents 
Financial assets at 
fair value 
Total 
 
$'000 
$'000 
$'000 
Banks and Other 
Financial Institutions 
10,004 
17,932,414 
17,942,418 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
2018 
 
Cash Equivalents 
Financial assets at 
fair value 
Total 
 
$'000 
$'000 
$'000 
Banks and Other 
Financial Institutions 
10,004 
17,836,030 
17,846,034 
 
 
                                                                                                                                                                              
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 315 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
20 
Restricted - External 
Cash equivalents of $10,004,046 relates to cash held with Bank of New York Mellon, and are considered under 
Stage 1 under IFRS 9. The Partnership has credit risk on its cash and cash equivalents held with Bank of New 
York Mellon. No financial assets subject to credit risk are past due nor individually impaired. There is no expected 
significant credit loss as Bank of New York Melon has a strong credit rating, the Partnership considers the quality 
of the credit to be good.  
 
 
The funds are lent to the counterparties detailed as below: 
 
 
 
 
Credit Rating description can be summarised as follows: 
 
Strong: There is a very high likelihood of the asset being recovered in full. This includes Counterparty exposures 
with credit risk rating of BBB- and above by S&P. 
 
Satisfactory: While there is a high likelihood that the asset will be recovered and therefore, of no cause for 
concern to the Group, the asset may not be collateralised, or may relate to retail facilities, such as credit card 
balances and unsecured loans, which have been classified as satisfactory, regardless of the fact that the output 
of internal grading models may have indicated a higher classification. At the lower end of this grade there are 
customers that are being more carefully monitored, for example, corporate customers which are indicating 
some evidence of deterioration, mortgages with a high loan to value, and unsecured retail loans operating 
outside normal product guidelines. This includes Counterparty exposures with credit risk rating of B to BB+ by 
S&P. 
 
Higher risk: There is concern over the obligor’s ability to make payments when due. However, these have not 
yet converted to actual delinquency. There may also be doubts over the value of collateral or security provided. 
However, the borrower or counterparty is continuing to make payments when due and is expected to settle all 
outstanding amounts of principal and interest. This includes Counterparty exposures with credit risk rating of 
B- and below by S&P. 
 
    2019 
Counterparty 
 
Credit 
Rating 
 
Geographical 
location 
Financial Assets at  Fair 
Value 
$’000 
Barclays Capital Inc 
 
Strong 
 
US 
 
109,474 
Barclays Capital Securities Limited 
Strong 
 
UK 
 
224,349 
Barclays Bank PLC 
 
Strong 
 
UK 
 
17,598,591 
 
 
 
 
17,932,414 
 
2018 
 
 
 
 
Counterparty 
 
Credit 
Rating 
 
Geographical 
location 
Financial Assets at  Fair 
Value 
$’000 
Barclays Capital Inc 
 
Strong 
 
US 
 
447,962 
Barclays Capital Securities Limited 
Strong 
 
UK 
 
92,893 
Barclays Bank PLC 
 
Strong 
 
UK 
 
17,295,175 
 
 
 
 
17,836,030 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 316 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
21 
Restricted - External 
Collateral is held by the Partnership as an important mitigant of credit risk, and the Partnership has obtained 
collateral for the funds advanced. When collateral is deemed appropriate, the Partnership accepts specific, 
agreed classes of collateral. The Partnership monitors the fair value of securities purchased and sold under 
agreements to resell/repurchase on a daily basis, with additional collateral obtained or refunded as necessary.   
 
 
The fair value of collateral held by the Partnership is detailed below: 
 
  
  
2019 
Nature of collateral: 
  
Financial Assets at  Fair 
Value 
  
  
$’000 
- Debt securities 
  
16,028,745 
- Equity securities 
  
2,922,805 
  
  
18,951,550 
                                                                                                   
 
                                                                                                                     
 
 
 
2018 
Nature of collateral: 
Financial Assets at  Fair 
Value 
$’000 
- Debt securities 
13,324,691 
- Equity securities 
5,177,270 
18,501,961 
 
 
The collaterals were pledged to the Partnership by BCI, BCSL and BBPLC as securities for financial assets at fair 
value and reverse repurchase agreements from the Partnership to BCI, BCSL and BBPLC. The Partnership can 
only seize the assets upon default of repayment of Reverse Repurchase agreements by BCI, BCSL and BBPLC 
and otherwise has no right to sell or re-pledge the collateral.  
 
Market Risk 
 
Market risk is the risk that the Partnership’s earnings or capital, or its ability to meet business objectives will be 
adversely affected by changes in the level or volatility of market rates or prices such as equity prices, foreign 
exchange rates, and interest rates. 
 
The Partnership has no exposure to foreign exchange rates, as all assets and liabilities are matched on a 
currency level. 
 
Interest rate risk 
 
Interest rate risk is the possibility that changes in interest rates will result in higher financing costs and/or 
reduced income from the Partnership’s interest bearing financial assets and liabilities. The Partnership’s interest 
rate risk arises from long term financial liabilities at fair value and borrowings. The Partnership mitigates interest 
rate risk by matching its financial assets at fair value and reverse repo interest rates with the interest rates on 
financial liabilities at fair value and borrowings from BBPLC.   
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 317 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2019 
 
22 
Restricted - External 
The Partnership’s interest rate risk and market risk is limited to the $10,004,046 exposure on cash held with 
Bank of New York Mellon. 
 
16. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability to control the other party or exercise significant 
influence over the party in making financial or operational decisions, or one other party controls both. 
 
The definition of related parties includes parent company, ultimate parent company, subsidiary, associated and 
joint venture companies, as well as the Partnership’s key management which includes its Members.  
BBPLC is the controlling party. BCI and BCSL are affiliates of the Partnership. The Partnership acknowledges 
that administration services are provided by BBPLC. During the year there have been no other transactions with 
related parties other than transactions disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. All transactions are 
with related parties. 
 
17. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  
 
The Partnership is required to operate within the risk management policies of BBPLC which include guidelines 
covering capital management. Both the capital management and risk management objectives and policies of 
BBPLC can be found in the financial statements of BBPLC. The financial statements of BBPLC are available from 
the Barclays Corporate Secretariat, 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP. 
 
The Partnership regards as capital its equity reported in the Balance Sheet. Total equity for year ended 31 
December 2019 is $10,003,649 (2018: $ 10,003,983). 
 
 
18. EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE 
        
The LLP is monitoring the potential downside risk associated with both the direct and indirect impact of the 
COVID-19 outbreak. The LLP continues to operate in line with management’s expectations. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: 49B4E173-FB99-4FAD-BBFC-AEA22C5C5A85

--- Page 318 ---
Restricted - External 
BARCLAYS CCP FUNDING LLP 
Members’ Annual Report and Financial Statements 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered No: OC359024
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 319 ---
1 
Restricted - External 
Index 
 
                                                                               
 
Page 
 
 
Members’ Annual Report 
Strategic Report 
2-4 
5 
Independent Auditor’s Report to the members of Barclays Funding CCP LLP 
6-9 
Income Statement 
10 
Balance Sheet 
11 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
12 
Statement of Cash Flows  
13 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
 14-27 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 320 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Members’ Annual Report  
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
2 
Restricted - External 
Barclays Bank PLC and Barclays Shea Limited (each a ‘Member’ or together the ‘Members’) present their 
Annual Report together with the audited financial statements of Barclays CCP Funding LLP (the 
‘Partnership’ or ‘LLP’) for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
 
Results 
 
During the year ended 31 December 2020 the Partnership made a profit of $1,087 (2019: Loss $ 334). 
The Partnership has net assets of $10,004,734 (2019: $10,003,649). 
 
Members 
 
The Partnership was formed under a limited liability partnership deed (the ‘LLP Deed’) entered into on 18 
November 2010 between: 
 
1) Barclays Bank PLC; and 
2) Barclays Shea Limited 
 
The Members act as the Designated Members of the Partnership. In accordance with the terms of the LLP 
Deed, the Partnership is managed by a LLP Management Committee which is comprised of individual 
representatives of Barclays Bank PLC, as follows: 
 
John Feraca 
Dov Kanofsky 
Andrew Diplock  
George Van Schaick 
Richard Strudwick 
 
and of individual representatives of Barclays Shea Limited as follows: 
 
Mark Newton 
Richard Strudwick 
Dov Kanofsky 
George Van Schaick 
Paivi Helena Whitaker 
Andrew Diplock  
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 321 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Members’ Annual Report  
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
3 
Restricted - External 
Going concern 
 
After reviewing the Partnership’s performance, projections and cash flows (including the implications 
from the COVID-19 outbreak) and taking into account the support available from Barclays Bank PLC & 
the available banking facilities, the Members are satisfied that the Partnership has adequate access to 
resources to enable it to meet its obligations and to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable 
future. For this reason, the Members have adopted the going concern basis in preparing these financial 
statements. 
 
As with any LLP placing reliance on other group entities for financial support, the members acknowledge 
that there can be no certainty that this support will continue although, at the date of approval of these 
financial statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so. It should also be noted that the 
dual recourse nature of the notes the LLP supports, via the LLP Undertaking, means that Barclays Bank 
PLC has an explicit payment obligation as the Issuer of the notes. Based on these indications, the members 
have adopted the going concern basis in preparing these financial statements. 
 
Post balance sheet events 
 
 
On the 3rd of March 2021 UK Budget, it was announced that the UK rate of corporation tax will increase 
from 19% to 25% effective 1 April 2023. The change was not substantively enacted or enacted at the 
balance sheet date and this is not expected to have a material impact on the rate at which the LLP’s 
deferred tax balances will unwind. 
 
Statement of members’ responsibilities in respect of the financial statements    
 
The members are responsible for preparing the Members’ Annual Report and the financial statements in 
accordance with applicable law and regulations. 
 
The Limited Liability Partnerships (Accounts and Audit) (Application of Companies Act 2006) Regulations 
2008 require the members to prepare financial statements for each financial year.  Under that law the 
members have elected to prepare the financial statements in accordance with international accounting 
standards in conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006. 
 
Under Regulation 8 of the Limited Liability Partnerships (Accounts and Audit) (Application of Companies 
Act 2006) Regulations 2008 the members must not approve the financial statements unless they are 
satisfied that they give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the LLP and of its profit or loss for that 
period.  In preparing these financial statements, the members are required to:   
 
 
select suitable accounting policies and then apply them consistently;   
 
make judgements and estimates that are reasonable and prudent;   
 
state whether they have been prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in 
conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006. 
 
assess the LLP’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to 
going concern; and 
 
use the going concern basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the LLP or to cease 
operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.   
 
Under Regulation 6 of the Limited Liability Partnerships (Accounts and Audit) (Application of Companies 
Act 2006) Regulations 2008, the members are responsible for keeping adequate accounting records that 
are sufficient to show and explain the LLP’s transactions and disclose with reasonable accuracy at any 
time the financial position of the LLP and enable them to ensure that its financial statements comply with 
those regulations.  They are responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to enable 
the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 322 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Members’ Annual Report  
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
4 
Restricted - External 
or error, and have general responsibility for taking such steps as are reasonably open to them to safeguard 
the assets of the LLP and to prevent and detect fraud and other irregularities.   
 
Financial Risk Management 
The Partnership follows Barclays Bank PLC’s financial risk management objectives and policies including 
the policy for hedging the exposure to liquidity risk, credit risk, market risk and interest rate risk and these 
are set out in pages 23-26 of the financial statements.  
 
The Partnership’s activities are exposed to a variety of financial risks. The Partnership is required to follow 
the requirements of the Group risk management policies, which include specific guidelines on the 
management of foreign exchange, interest rate and credit risks, and advice on the use of financial 
instruments to manage them. The main financial risks that the Partnership is exposed to are outlined in 
Note 17. 
 
In accordance with the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority and/or Prudential Regulation Authority, 
the Partnership’s parent, Barclays Bank PLC has published information on its risk management objectives 
and policies and on its regulatory capital requirements and resources. This information is available at 
http://group.barclays.com/Investor-Relations/Financial-results-and-publications/Annual-Reports. 
 
Independent Auditor 
 
Pursuant to Section 487 of the Companies Act 2006, the auditor will be deemed to be reappointed and 
KPMG LLP will therefore continue in office. 
Statement of disclosure of information to Auditor 
So far as the Members are aware, there is no relevant audit information of which the Partnership’s Auditor 
is unaware. The Members have taken all the steps that they ought to have taken as Members in order to 
make themselves aware of any relevant audit information and to establish that the Partnership’s Auditor 
is aware of that information. 
 
 
For and on behalf of 
Barclays CCP Funding LLP  
 
 
 
 
Name: Dov Kanofsky 
Authorized representative of Barclays Bank PLC 
Designated Member 
Date: 
 
1 Churchill Place 
London 
E14 5HP 
England 
  
 
 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817
27/9/2021

--- Page 323 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Strategic Report 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
5 
Restricted - External 
The Members present their strategic report for the Partnership for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
 
Review and principal activities 
 
The principal activity of the Partnership is to provide funding to the Partnership’s affiliates and subsidiaries 
of Barclays Bank PLC.  Barclays Bank PLC raises funds by way of issuing Collateralized Notes and in certain 
circumstances co-issued by Barclays US CCP Funding LLC to investors and then lends the issuance 
proceeds to the Partnership, which enters into market standard reverse repurchase agreements with its 
affiliates and members. 
 
Business performance 
 
The Partnership’s business performance during the year ended 31 December 2020 is detailed on Page 1 
of the Members’ Report.   
 
Future outlook 
 
No significant change in this activity is envisaged in the foreseeable future and the Members expect the 
Partnership’s future performance to be in line with the current year.  
 
The Members have reviewed the Partnership’s business and performance and consider it to be 
satisfactory for the year. The Members consider that the Partnership’s position at the end of the year is 
consistent with the size and complexity of the business.  
 
Principal risks and uncertainties 
 
The Partnership’s activities expose it to a variety of risks as set out in Note 15 of the financial statements. 
The Members devotes considerable resources to maintaining effective controls to manage, measure and 
mitigate each of these risks, and regularly reviews its risk management procedures and systems to ensure 
that they continue to meet the needs of the business.   
 
Whilst the direct and indirect impact of the Coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak remains uncertain, a 
number of central banks and governments have announced financial stimulus packages in anticipation 
of a very significant negative impact on GDP during 2020. Concerns remain as to whether these policy 
tools will counter anticipated macro-economic risks and a prolongation of the outbreak could significantly 
adversely affect economic growth, affect specific industries or countries. In addition, an escalation in 
geopolitical tensions or increased use of protectionist measures may also negatively impact the LLP’s 
business  
 
 
For and on behalf of 
Barclays CCP Funding LLP  
 
 
 
 
Name: Dov Kanofsky 
Authorized representative of Barclays Bank PLC 
Designated Member 
Date: 
Company number OC359024
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817
27/9/2021

--- Page 324 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
6 
Restricted - External 
Opinion 
We have audited the financial statements of Barclays CCP Funding LLP (“the LLP”) for the year ended 31 
December 2020 which comprise the Income Statement, Balance Sheet, Statement of Changes in Equity 
and Statement of Cash Flows and related notes, including the accounting policies in note 2.   
In our opinion the financial statements:   
 
give a true and fair view, of the state of affairs of the LLP as at 31 December 2020 and of its profit for 
the year then ended;  
 
have been properly prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in conformity 
with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006; and   
 
have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006 as applied to 
limited liability partnerships by the Limited Liability Partnerships (Accounts and Audit) (Application 
of Companies Act 2006) Regulations 2008.   
 
Basis for opinion 
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK) (“ISAs (UK)”) and 
applicable law.  Our responsibilities are described below.  We have fulfilled our ethical responsibilities 
under, and are independent of the LLP in accordance with, UK ethical requirements including the FRC 
Ethical Standard.  We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is a sufficient and appropriate 
basis for our opinion. 
 
Going concern 
The members have prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis as they do not intend 
to liquidate the LLP or to cease its operations, and as they have concluded that the LLP’s financial 
position means that this is realistic. They have also concluded that there are no material uncertainties 
that could have cast significant doubt over its ability to continue as a going concern for at least a year 
from the date of approval of the financial statements (“the going concern period”). 
In our evaluation of the members’ conclusions, we considered the inherent risks to the LLP’s business 
model and analysed how those risks might affect the LLP’s financial resources or ability to continue 
operations over the going concern period.   
Our conclusions based on this work: 
 
we consider that the members’ use of the going concern basis of accounting in the preparation of the 
financial statements is appropriate; 
 
we have not identified, and concur with the members’ assessment that there is not, a material 
uncertainty related to events or conditions that, individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt 
on the LLP's ability to continue as a going concern for the going concern period. 
However, as we cannot predict all future events or conditions and as subsequent events may result in 
outcomes that are inconsistent with judgements that were reasonable at the time they were made, the 
above conclusions are not a guarantee that the LLP will continue in operation.  
 
 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 325 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
7 
Restricted - External 
Fraud and breaches of laws and regulations – ability to detect 
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to fraud 
To identify risks of material misstatement due to fraud (“fraud risks”) we assessed events or conditions 
that could indicate an incentive or pressure to commit fraud or provide an opportunity to commit fraud. 
Our risk assessment procedures included: 
 
Enquiring of members and inspection of policy documentation as to the Company’s high-level policies 
and procedures to prevent and detect fraud, as well as whether they have knowledge of any actual, 
suspected or alleged fraud 
 
Reading committee minutes 
 
Using analytical procedures to identify any unusual or unexpected relationships. 
We communicated identified fraud risks throughout the audit team and remained alert to any indications 
of fraud throughout the audit.  
As required by auditing standards, we perform procedures to address the risk of management override of 
controls, in particular the risk that management may be in a position to make inappropriate accounting 
entries especially for revenue recognition. On this audit we do not believe there is a fraud risk related to 
revenue recognition because the calculation of revenue is straightforward with no judgement involved in 
the calculation, and no pressures or incentives for management to manipulate revenue have been 
identified.  
We did not identify any additional fraud risks. 
In determining the audit procedures, we took into account the results of our evaluation and testing of the 
operating effectiveness of the Barclays Group-wide fraud risk management controls.  
We also identified journal entries to test based on risk criteria and comparing the identified entries to 
supporting documentation. These included those posted by unauthorised individuals.  
Identifying and responding to risks of material misstatement due to non-compliance with laws and 
regulations 
We identified areas of laws and regulations that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect 
on the financial statements from our general commercial and sector experience, through discussion 
with members (as required by auditing standards), and discussed with members the policies and 
procedures regarding compliance with laws and regulations.   
The potential effect of these laws and regulations on the financial statements varies considerably. 
The Company is subject to laws and regulations that directly affect the financial statements including 
financial reporting legislation (including related company’s legislation), distributable profits legislation 
and taxation legislation. We assessed the extent of compliance with these laws and regulations as part 
of our procedures on the related financial statement items.   
Whilst the Company is subject to other laws and regulations, we did not identify any others where the 
consequences of non-compliance alone could have a material effect on amounts or disclosures in the 
financial statements.  
Context of the ability of the audit to detect fraud or breaches of law or regulation 
Owing to the inherent limitations of an audit, there is an unavoidable risk that we may not have detected 
some material misstatements in the financial statements, even though we have properly planned and 
performed our audit in accordance with auditing standards. For example, the further removed non-
compliance with laws and regulations is from the events and transactions reflected in the financial 
statements, the less likely the inherently limited procedures required by auditing standards would 
identify it.   
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 326 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
8 
Restricted - External 
In addition, as with any audit, there remained a higher risk of non-detection of fraud, as these may 
involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls. 
Our audit procedures are designed to detect material misstatements. We are not responsible for 
preventing non-compliance or fraud and cannot be expected to detect non-compliance with all laws 
and regulations. 
Other information 
The members are responsible for the other information, which comprises the members’ annual report 
and the strategic report.  Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information 
and, accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon. 
Our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether, based on our 
financial statements audit work, the information therein is materially misstated or inconsistent with the 
financial statements or our audit knowledge. Based solely on that work, we have not identified material 
misstatements in the other information. 
Matters on which we are required to report by exception 
Under the Companies Act 2006 as applied to limited liability partnerships we are required to report to 
you if, in our opinion: 
 
adequate accounting records have not been kept, or returns adequate for our audit have not been 
received from branches not visited by us; or 
 
the financial statements are not in agreement with the accounting records and returns; or 
 
we have not received all the information and explanations we require for our audit[; or 
We have nothing to report in these respects. 
 
Members’ responsibilities  
As explained more fully in their statement set out on page 3, the members are responsible for: the 
preparation of the financial statements and for being satisfied that they give a true and fair view; such 
internal control as they determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; assessing the LLP’s ability to continue as 
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern; and using the going concern 
basis of accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the LLP or to cease operations, or have no 
realistic alternative but to do so.     
Auditor’s responsibilities  
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are 
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue our opinion in an auditor’s 
report.  Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but does not guarantee that an audit conducted 
in accordance with ISAs (UK) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.  Misstatements 
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could 
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial 
statements. 
A 
fuller 
description 
of 
our 
responsibilities 
is 
provided 
on 
the 
FRC’s 
website 
at 
www.frc.org.uk/auditorsresponsibilities. 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 327 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Independent Auditor’s Report to the Members of Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
9 
Restricted - External 
The purpose of our audit work and to whom we owe our responsibilities 
This report is made solely to the members of the LLP, as a body, in accordance with Chapter 3 of Part 16 
of the Companies Act 2006, as required by Regulation 39 of the Limited Liability Partnerships (Accounts 
and Audit) (Application of Companies Act 2006) Regulations 2008.  Our audit work has been undertaken 
so that we might state to the LLP’s members those matters we are required to state to them in an auditor’s 
report and for no other purpose.  To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume 
responsibility to anyone other than the LLP and the LLP’s members, as a body, for our audit work, for this 
report, or for the opinions we have formed.   
 
 
 
Michael McGarry (Senior Statutory Auditor)   
for and on behalf of KPMG LLP, Statutory Auditor   
Chartered Accountants   
15 Canada Square 
London 
E14 5GL 
 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 328 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
INCOME STATEMENT 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
  
 
10 
Restricted - External 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Note 
2020 
  
2019 
  
  
$'000 
  
$'000 
Continuing operations: 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Interest Income 
3 
         9,468 
  
- 
  
 
 
  
 
Interest Expense 
4 
(9,467) 
  
- 
  
 
  
 
Net interest income 
 
1 
  
- 
  
 
 
  
 
Net trading income 
5 
- 
  
- 
  
 
  
 
Net income 
1 
  
- 
  
 
  
 
Result on ordinary activities before 
taxation 
1 
  
- 
  
 
  
 
Taxation 
- 
 
- 
  
 
  
 
Result for the year  
  
1 
  
- 
  
  
  
  
  
The result for the year is derived from continuing activities. All recognized income and 
expenses have been reported in the income statement, hence no statement of comprehensive 
income has been included in the financial statements. 
 
The accompanying notes from pages 14 to 27 form an integral part of these financial 
statements. 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 329 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
BALANCE SHEET 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
  
 
11 
Restricted - External 
 
 
Note 
2020 
2019 
Assets 
 
$'000 
$'000 
 
 
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents 
10 
10,005 
10,004 
Financial assets at fair value 
11 
16,266,576 
17,932,414 
Reverse Repurchase Agreement                         
12 
11,927,308 
- 
Total assets 
 
28,203,889 
17,942,418 
 
 
Liabilities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value 
13 
16,266,576 
17,932,414 
Borrowings 
14 
11,927,308 
- 
Total Liabilities  
 
28,193,884 
17,932,414 
 
 
 
 
Net assets attributable to Members 
 
 
 
Members' capital 
15 
10,000 
10,000 
Retained Earnings 
 
5 
4 
Total members' equity 
 
10,005 
10,004 
 
 
The accompanying notes from pages 14 to 27 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
The statement of Financial Position has been presented using the liquidity-based approach of presentation. Please 
refer to Note 2(b) describing the approach and the rationale for using this approach. 
 
The financial statements were approved by the members and authorized for issue on 24th September 2021 and 
were signed on behalf of the members by: 
 
 
 
 
 
Dov Kanofsky 
Authorized representative for Barclays Bank PLC 
Designated Member 
Date:  
Company number OC359024 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817
27/9/2021

--- Page 330 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY  
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
 
12 
Restricted - External 
Members' 
capital 
Retained 
earnings 
Total 
members' 
equity 
$'000 
$'000 
$'000 
Balance at 1 January 2020 
10,000 
4 
10,004 
Issuance of members' capital 
- 
- 
- 
Profit for the year 
- 
1 
1 
Balance at 31 December 2020 
10,000 
5 
10,005 
Members' 
capital 
Retained 
earnings 
Total 
members' 
equity 
$'000 
$'000 
$'000 
Balance at 1 January 2019 
10,000 
4 
10,004 
Issuance of members' capital 
- 
- 
- 
Profit for the year 
- 
- 
- 
 
Balance at 31 December 2019 
10,000 
4 
10,004 
  
 
 
The accompanying notes from pages 14 to 27 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 331 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS  
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
 
13 
Restricted - External 
 
Note 
2020 
2019 
$'000 
$'000 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
Profit before Taxation 
1 
- 
Net (increase)/decrease in financial assets at fair value 
through the income statement 
 
1,665,838 
 
(96,384) 
Net (increase)/decrease in reverse repurchase agreements 
(11,927,308) 
- 
Net increase /(decrease) in financial liabilities at fair value 
through the income statement 
 
(1,665,838) 
96,384 
Net increase/(decrease) in borrowings 
11,927,308 
- 
 
Net increase in cash and cash Equivalents 
1 
- 
 
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 
10,004 
10,004 
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 
10,005 
10,004 
Cash and cash equivalents comprise: 
 
Cash at bank 
10 
10,005 
10,004 
 
The accompanying notes from pages 14 to 27 form an integral part of these financial statements. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 332 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
14 
Restricted - External 
1. REPORTING ENTITY 
 
The financial statements are prepared for Barclays CCP Funding LLP and are prepared for the Partnership only 
in line with the Companies Act 2006 as applied to limited liability partnerships in accordance with the Limited 
Liability Partnerships (Accounts and Audit) (Application of Companies Act 2006) Regulations 2008. The 
Members of the Partnership are Barclays Bank Plc (‘BBPLC’) and Barclays Shea Limited, a wholly owned 
subsidiary of BBPLC. Consequently, the Partnership is a wholly owned subsidiary of BBPLC and its ultimate 
controlling company is Barclays PLC, both of which prepare consolidated financial statements in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and interpretations (IFRICs) as issued by the IASB and 
adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union. These standards have 
also been endorsed by the UK. Barclays Capital Inc. (‘BCI’) and Barclays Capital Securities Limited (‘BCSL’) act 
as the Partnership’s affiliates and are subsidiaries of BBPLC. The principal activity of the Partnership is to provide 
funding to the Partnership’s affiliates and subsidiaries of Barclays Bank PLC.  Barclays Bank PLC raises funds by 
way of issuing Collateralized Notes and in certain circumstances co-issued by Barclays US CCP Funding LLC to 
investors and then lends the issuance proceeds to the Partnership, which enters into market standard reverse 
repurchase agreements with its affiliates and members. 
 
Barclays CCP Funding LLP is a limited liability partnership formed and domiciled in England. The Partnership’s 
registered office is: 
1 Churchill Place 
London 
E14 5HP 
England 
 
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the financial statements are set out below. These 
policies have been consistently applied.  
 
(a) Compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
 
The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with international accounting standards in 
conformity with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006. The principal accounting policies applied in the 
preparation of the financial statements are set out below, and in the relevant notes to the financial statements. 
These policies have been consistently applied. 
 
(b)  Basis of preparation 
 
The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis under the historical cost convention 
modified to include the fair valuation of certain financial instruments to the extent required or permitted under 
IFRS 9, as set out in the relevant accounting policies. They are presented in thousands of US dollars, which is 
the Partnership’s functional and presentation currency. 
 
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting 
estimates. It also requires management to exercise judgement in the process of applying the accounting 
policies.  
 
After reviewing the LLP’s financial position and performance projections (including the implications from the 
COVID-19 outbreak) for at least the next 12 months from the date of signing these financial statements, the 
LLP may be reliant on Barclays Bank PLC to meet its liabilities as they fall due for that period. Barclays Bank PLC 
has indicated its intention to continue to make available funds as needed by the LLP for the period covered by 
the forecasts. Therefore, the Members are satisfied that the LLP has adequate access to resources to enable it 
to meet its obligations and to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future.  
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 333 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
15 
Restricted - External 
 
As with any LLP placing reliance on other group entities for financial support, the Members acknowledge that 
there can be no certainty that this support will continue although, at the date of approval of these financial 
statements, they have no reason to believe that it will not do so. It should also be noted that the dual recourse 
nature of the notes the LLP supports, via the LLP Undertaking, means that Barclays Bank PLC has an explicit 
payment obligation as the Issuer of the notes. Based on these indications, the Members have adopted the going 
concern basis in preparing these financial statements. 
 
The statement of Financial Position has been presented using the liquidity-based approach of presentation. 
Using this approach results in a more faithful representation given the existence of early put/call option (Note 
17) which could result in the settlement of financial assets and liabilities before their scheduled maturity dates.  
 
(c)  New and amended standards  
 
The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year. There are no new 
and amended standards that would have a material impact on the entity. 
 
(d)  Foreign Currency Translation 
 
Items included in the financial statements of the LLP are measured using their functional currency, being Dollar 
($) the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates.  
 
The LLP applies IAS 21 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates. Transactions in foreign currencies are 
translated into Sterling at the rate ruling on the date of the transaction. Foreign currency monetary balances are 
translated into Sterling at the period end exchange rates. Exchange gains and losses on such balances are taken to 
the income statement. Non-monetary foreign currency balances in relation to items measured in terms of historical 
cost are carried at historical transaction date exchange rates. Non-monetary foreign currency balances in relation to 
items measured at fair value are translated using the exchange rate at the date when the fair value was measured. 
 
Foreign currency transactions are translated into dollar using the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of the 
transactions. Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rate prevailing at the 
period end. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the retranslation and settlement of these items 
are recognised in the income statement except for qualifying cash flow hedges or hedges of net investments.   
 
Non-monetary assets that are measured at fair value are translated using the exchange rate at the date that the 
fair value was determined.  Exchange differences on equities and similar non-monetary items held at fair value 
through profit or loss, are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss.  Translation differences on equities 
classified as available-for-sale financial assets and non-monetary items are included directly in equity. 
 
(e)  Interest  
 
Interest income on Reverse Repos at amortised cost, and interest expense on borrowings}, are calculated using 
the effective interest method which allocates interest, and direct and incremental fees and costs, over the 
expected lives of the assets and liabilities. 
The effective interest method requires the LLP to estimate future cash flows, in some cases based on its 
experience of customers’ behaviour, considering all contractual terms of the financial instrument, as well as the 
expected lives of the assets and liabilities. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 334 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
16 
Restricted - External 
 
(f)  Cash and cash equivalents 
 
For the purposes of the cash flow statement, cash comprises cash in hand, demand deposits and cash 
equivalents. Cash equivalents comprise highly liquid investments that are convertible into cash with an 
insignificant risk of changes in value with original maturities of less than three months. Trading balances are 
not considered to be part of cash equivalents 
 
(g) Financial assets and liabilities 
 
The LLP applies IFRS 9 Financial Instruments to the recognition, classification and measurement, and de-
recognition of financial assets and financial liabilities. 
 
 
Recognition 
 
The LLP recognises financial assets and liabilities when it becomes a party to the terms of the contract. Trade 
date or settlement date accounting is applied depending on the classification of the financial asset. 
 
Classification and measurement 
Financial assets are classified on the basis of two criteria:  
i) the business model within which financial assets are managed; and  
ii) their contractual cash flow characteristics (whether the cash flows represent ‘solely payments of principal 
and interest’ (SPPI)). 
 
 
The LLP assesses the business model criteria at a portfolio level. Information that is considered in determining 
the applicable business model includes  
 
i) policies and objectives for the relevant portfolio,  
ii) how the performance and risks of the portfolio are managed, evaluated and reported to management, and  
iii) the frequency, volume and timing of sales in prior periods, sales expectation for future periods, and the 
reasons for such sales. 
 
The contractual cash flow characteristics of financial assets are assessed with reference to whether the cash 
flows represent SPPI. In assessing whether contractual cash flows are SPPI compliant, interest is defined as 
consideration primarily for the time value of money and the credit risk of the principal outstanding. The time 
value of money is defined as the element of interest that provides consideration only for the passage of time 
and not consideration for other risks or costs associated with holding the financial asset. Terms that could 
change the contractual cash flows so that it would not meet the condition for SPPI are considered, including:  
i) contingent and leverage features,  
ii) non-recourse arrangements and  
iii) features that could modify the time value of money. 
 
Financial assets measured at amortised cost 
Financial assets will be measured at amortised cost if they are held within a business model whose objective is 
to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, and their contractual cash flows represent 
solely payments of principal and interest. 
 
Financial assets will be measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if they are held within a 
business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial 
assets, and their contractual cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest. 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 335 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
17 
Restricted - External 
 
Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss 
Other financial assets are measured at fair value through profit and loss. There is an option to make an 
irrevocable election for non-traded equity investments to be measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, in which case dividends are recognised in profit or loss, but gains or losses are not 
reclassified to profit or loss upon de-recognition, and impairment is not recognised in the income statement. 
 
Accounting for financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
Financial assets are held at fair value through profit or loss if they do not contain contractual terms that give 
rise on specified dates to cash flows that are SPPI, or if the financial asset is not held in a business model that 
is either (i) a business model to collect the contractual cash flows or (ii) a business model that is achieved by 
both collecting contractual cash flows and selling. Subsequent changes in fair value for these instruments are 
recognised in the income statement in net investment income, except if reporting it in trading income reduces 
an accounting mismatch.   
 
Accounting for financial assets designated at fair value 
Financial assets, other than those held for trading, are classified in this category if they are so irrevocably 
designated at inception and the use of the designation removes or significantly reduces an accounting 
mismatch. 
 
Subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in the income statement in net investment income.  
 
 
Determining fair value 
 
Where the classification of a financial instrument requires it to be stated at fair value, this is determined by 
reference to the quoted market price in an active market wherever possible. Where no such active market exists 
for the particular asset, the LLP uses a valuation technique to arrive at the fair value, including the use of prices 
obtained in recent arms' length transactions, discounted cash flow analysis, option pricing models and other 
valuation techniques commonly used by market participants. 
 
Accounting for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) 
Financial assets that are debt instruments held in a business model that is achieved by both collecting 
contractual cash flows and selling and that contain contractual terms that give rise on specified dates to cash 
flows that are SPPI are measured at FVOCI. They are subsequently remeasured at fair value and changes therein 
(except for those relating to impairment, interest income and foreign currency exchange gains and losses) are 
recognised in other comprehensive income until the assets are sold. Interest (calculated using the effective 
interest method) is recognised in the income statement in net interest income. Upon disposal, the cumulative 
gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive income is included in net investment income. In determining 
whether the business model is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets, 
it is determined that both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets are integral to achieving 
the objective of the business model. The LLP will consider past sales and expectations about future sales to 
establish if the business model is achieved. For equity securities that are not held for trading, the LLP may make 
an irrevocable election on initial recognition to present subsequent changes in the fair value of the instrument 
in other comprehensive income (except for dividend income which is recognised in profit or loss). Gains or 
losses on the de-recognition of these equity securities are not transferred to profit or loss. These assets are also 
not subject to the impairment requirements and therefore no amounts are recycled to the income statement. 
Where the LLP has not made the irrevocable election to present subsequent changes in the fair value of the 
instrument in other comprehensive income, equity securities are measured at fair value through profit or loss. 
 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 336 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
18 
Restricted - External 
Financial liabilities designated at fair value 
 
In accordance with IFRS 9, financial liabilities may be designated at fair value, with gains and losses taken to 
the income statement within net trading income and net investment income. Movements in own credit are 
reported through other comprehensive income, unless the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk would 
create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in P&L. In these scenarios, all gains and losses on that liability 
(including the effects of changes in the credit risk of the liability) are presented in P&L. On de-recognition of 
the financial liability no amount relating to own credit risk are recycled to the income statement. The LLP has 
the ability to make the fair value designation when holding the instruments at fair value reduces an accounting 
mismatch (caused by an offsetting liability or asset being held at fair value), or is managed by the LLP on the 
basis of its fair value, or includes terms that have substantive derivative characteristics. 
 
Impairment of financial assets 
 
ECL has not been recognised on intercompany Reverse Repo because it is deemed to be immaterial given that 
these balances are held short term. 
 
The LLP is required to recognise expected credit losses (ECLs) based on unbiased forward-looking information 
for all financial assets at amortised cost,(Reverse Repurchase Agreements).  
 
At the reporting date, an allowance is required for the 12 month ECLs. If the credit risk has significantly 
increased since initial recognition (Stage 2), or if the financial instrument is credit impaired (Stage 3) an 
allowance should be recognised for the lifetime ECLs.  
 
The measurement of ECL is calculated using three main components: (i) probability of default (PD (ii) loss given 
default (LGD) and (iii) the exposure at default (EAD).   
 
The 12 month ECL is calculated by multiplying the 12 month PD, LGD and the EAD. The 12 month and lifetime 
PDs represent the PD occurring over the next 12 months and the remaining maturity of the instrument 
respectively. The EAD represents the expected balance at default, taking into account the repayment of 
principal and interest from the balance sheet date to the default event together with any expected drawdowns 
of committed facilities. The LGD represents expected losses on the EAD given the event of default, taking into 
account, among other attributes, the mitigating effect of collateral value at the time it is expected to be realised 
and the time value of money 
 
The LLP also considers observable data indicating that there is a measurable decrease in the estimated future 
cash flows from a portfolio of assets since the initial recognition of those assets, although the decrease cannot 
yet be identified with the individual financial assets in the portfolio, arising from adverse changes in the payment 
status of borrowers in the portfolio and national or local economic conditions that correlate with defaults on 
assets in the portfolio. 
 
Any potential ECL from the consideration of observable data on a portfolio basis is recognised by the 
partnership. The potential ECL to the LLP is deemed immaterial due to the LLP’s exposure being only [Reverse 
Repurchase Agreements and cash & cash equivalents]. 
 
 
Valuation technique  
Where the classification of a financial instrument requires it to be stated at fair value, this is determined by 
discounted cash flows, in which all significant inputs are observable, or can be corroborated by observable 
market data. 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 337 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
19 
Restricted - External 
De-recognition 
 
The LLP derecognises a financial asset, or a portion of a financial asset, from its balance sheet where the 
contractual rights to cash flows from the asset have expired, or have been transferred, usually by sale, and with 
them either substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset or significant risks and rewards, along with the 
unconditional ability to sell or pledge the asset. 
 
Financial liabilities are derecognised when the liability has been settled, has expired or has been extinguished. 
An exchange of an existing financial liability for a new liability with the same lender on substantially different 
terms – generally a difference of 10% or more in the present value of the cash flows or a substantive qualitative 
amendment – is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and the recognition of a 
new financial liability. 
 
Transactions in which the LLP transfers assets and liabilities, portions of them, or financial risks associated with 
them can be complex and it may not be obvious whether substantially all of the risks and rewards have been 
transferred. It is often necessary to perform a quantitative analysis. Such an analysis compares the Group’s 
exposure to variability in asset cash flows before the transfer with its retained exposure after the transfer. 
 
A cash flow analysis of this nature may require judgement. In particular, it is necessary to estimate the asset’s 
expected future cash flows as well as potential variability around this expectation. The method of estimating 
expected future cash flows depends on the nature of the asset, with market and market-implied data used to 
the greatest extent possible. The potential variability around this expectation is typically determined by 
stressing underlying parameters to create reasonable alternative upside and downside scenarios. Probabilities 
are then assigned to each scenario. Stressed parameters may include default rates, loss severity, or prepayment 
rates 
 
Valuation process 
 
The Partnership relies on the valuation process and methodologies of BBPLC. 
 
(h) Borrowings  
 
Borrowings are initially recognised at fair value including direct and incremental transaction cost. They are 
subsequently measured at amortised cost. Borrowings are derecognised when extinguished.  
 
(i) Guarantees  
 
Financial guarantees are initially recognised in the financial statements at fair value on the date that the 
guarantee was provided. Subsequent to initial recognition, such guarantees are measured at the higher of the 
initial measurement less any amortisation of fee income recognised in the income statement over the period, 
and the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle any financial liability arising as a result of the 
obligation at the statement of financial position date. 
 
(j) Members’ capital 
 
Members’ capital classified as equity, provided that there is no present obligation to deliver cash or another 
financial asset to the holder, is shown in called up members’ capital. The capital contributions in cash made or 
deemed to be made by BBPLC from time to time shall be credited to its separate capital account ledger and 
any capital distribution will be debited to its capital account ledger.   
 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 338 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
20 
Restricted - External 
(k) Members’ capital distributions 
 
Members’ capital distributions are recognised in the period in which they are paid or, if earlier, approved by the 
Partnership’s members. 
 
(l) Taxation 
 
For UK purposes, the Partnership is treated as being tax transparent. The Partnership is not therefore separately 
taxable, as all income of the Partnership flows through to each individual Member.  
 
 
3. INTEREST INCOME  
 
 
  
2020 
  
2019 
  
$’000 
  
$’000 
Interest income from affiliates and member  
       9,468 
  
- 
  
           9,468 
- 
 
 
 
 
4. INTEREST EXPENSE 
 
  
          2019 
  
2019 
  
          $’000 
  
$’000 
Interest expense to member 
   
(9,467)   
  
               -   
  
            (9,467) 
              - 
 
 
5. NET TRADING INCOME 
 
Included within net trading income were gains of $193,939,052 (2019: $286,918,807) on financial assets at 
fair value and losses of $193,939,052 (2019: $286,918,807) on financial liabilities at fair value. 
 
6. AUDIT FEE FOR PARTNERSHIP 
 
 
The audit fee is borne by BCI, the Partnership’s affiliate. The fee for auditing the financial statements of the 
Partnership amounts to $22,942 (2019: $21,500). This fee is paid by an affiliate and is not recognised as an 
expense in the financial statements. 
 
7. MEMBERS’ EMOLUMENTS 
 
 
 
The Members did not receive any emoluments in respect of their services to the Partnership during the year 
(2019: $ Nil).  
 
 
8. STAFF COSTS 
 
 
There were no employees employed by the Partnership during 2020 (2019: Nil). All support is provided by an 
affiliated entity. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 339 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
21 
Restricted - External 
9. GUARANTEES  
 
The Partnership has provided a guarantee over the obligations of BBPLC under the Collateralised Commercial 
Paper issued via a LLP undertaking.  If BBPLC was to default to investors, under the terms of the guarantee, 
investors would have recourse to the Partnership’s investment in its financial assets at fair value, which is 
collateralised by securities. Recourse under the LLP undertaking is limited only to the Collateral expressed in 
the Security Agreement to the respective class held by such Noteholders. 
 
10. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 
Cash and Cash equivalents of $10,004,734(2019: $10,004,046) relates to cash held with Bank of New York 
Mellon. Carrying value of cash equivalents approximates their fair value. 
 
11. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE 
  
2020 
 
2019 
  
$'000 
 
$'000 
Affiliates 
       796,164  
 
       333,823  
Member 
 15,470,412 
 
 17,598,591 
  
16,266,576   
 
17,932,414 
 
Financial assets at fair value represents reverse repurchase agreements as a result of the assessment of the 
business model which is classified as 'Other' than 'Hold to collect'. The balances are subsequently measured on 
a fair value basis rather than amortized cost.  
 
The Partnership has financial assets at fair value with its affiliate (BCI and BCSL) and its member (BBPLC). The 
fair value of the collateral pledged to the Partnership under financial assets at fair value is $16,952,152,645 
(2019: $18,951,550,088).  
 
Financial assets at fair value are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as their valuation incorporates 
significant inputs that are based on observable market data. 
 
12. REVERSE REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS 
  
2020 
2019 
  
$’000 
$’000 
Affiliates 
Member 
- 
11,927,308 
- 
- 
  
11,927,308 
- 
 
Reverse Repurchase Agreements are measured at amortised cost as they are held within a business model 
whose objective is to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, and their contractual cash 
flows represent solely payments of principal and interest. 
 
The Partnership has reverse repurchase agreements with its affiliates (BCI and BCSL) and its member (BBPLC). 
The fair value of the collateral pledged to the Partnership under the reverse repurchase agreements is 
$11,160,639,114 (2019: NIL) 
 
Reverse repurchase agreements, which are measured at amortised cost, are classified as Level 2 in the fair 
value hierarchy as their valuation incorporates significant inputs that are based on observable market data. 
 
The carrying value of these Reverse Repurchase Agreements as at 31st December 2020 approximates fair value. 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 340 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
22 
Restricted - External 
13. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE 
 
  
  
2020 
         2019 
  
  
$’000 
 
$’000 
Amounts due to member  
  
(16,266,576) 
(17,932,414)  
  
  
(16,266,576) 
(17,932,414) 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value represents borrowings that have been designated at fair value to better align to 
the way business manages the portfolio’s risk and performance. Any effect of remeasurement of such liabilities 
are taken to the income statement. 
 
Financial liabilities at fair value are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as their valuation incorporates 
significant inputs that are based on observable market data. 
 
   Additional details in respect of the Partnership’s financial liabilities at fair value are detailed in Note 17. 
 
14. BORROWINGS 
  
  
2020 
  
2019 
  
  
$’000 
  
$’000 
Amounts due to member  
  
11,927,308 
  
- 
  
  
11,927,308 
- 
 
Borrowings, which are measured at amortised cost, are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as their 
valuation incorporates significant inputs that are based on observable market data.  
 
The carrying value of these Borrowings as at 31st December 2020 approximates fair value. 
 
Additional details in respect of the Partnership’s borrowings are detailed in Note 17. 
 
 
15. MEMBERS’ CAPITAL 
  
  
2020 
  
2019 
  
  
$’000 
  
$’000 
Balance at 1 January 
10,000 
10,000 
Issuance of members’ capital 
  
- 
- 
Balance at 31 December  
  
10,000 
10,000 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   16. PARENT UNDERTAKING AND ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY 
 
The Members of the Partnership are Barclays Bank Plc (‘BBPLC’) and Barclays Shea Limited, a wholly owned 
subsidiary of BBPLC, and therefore the ultimate parent of the Partnership is Barclays PLC. The parent 
undertaking of the smallest group that presents consolidated financial statements is BBPLC. Both the 
Partnership and BBPLC are incorporated in the United Kingdom and registered in England. The statutory 
financial statements of Barclays Bank PLC are available from Barclays Corporate Secretariat, 1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP. 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 341 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
23 
Restricted - External 
17. FINANCIAL RISKS 
 
The Partnership’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks. These are liquidity risk, credit risk and market 
risk (which includes foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and price risk). Consequently, BBPLC devotes 
considerable resources to maintain effective controls to manage measure and mitigate each of these risks, and 
regularly reviews its risk management procedures and systems to ensure that they continue to meet the needs 
of the business.   
 
Liquidity risk  
  
This is the risk that the Partnership’s cash and committed facilities may be insufficient to meet its debts as they 
fall due. The financial liabilities at fair value and borrowings of the Partnership are matched to the maturities of 
the Partnership’s financial assets at fair value and reverse repurchase agreements. The Partnership has the 
financial support from BBPLC, to ensure the Partnership has sufficient available funds for operations. 
 
   The table below presents the payment profile of the financial assets and liabilities taking contractual 
   maturities and potential early redemption into account where this option is available at the statement of 
   financial position date. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              2020 
Financial liabilities at fair 
value 
Borrowings 
Financial liabilities repayable: 
$'000 
$'000 
Not more than three months 
(9,206,470) 
(2,166,442) 
Over three months but not more than six months 
(3,746,088) 
- 
Over six months but not more than one year 
(3,119,199) 
(2,125,838) 
Over one year but not more than two years 
(194,819) 
- 
Over four years but not more than five years 
- 
(7,635,028) 
Grand Total 
(16,266,576) 
(11,927,308) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019 
 
 
                        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Financial liabilities at fair 
value 
Borrowings 
  
$'000 
$'000 
Financial liabilities repayable: 
Not more than three months 
(6,437,051) 
- 
Over three months but not more than six months 
(5,549,941) 
- 
Over six months but not more than one year 
(5,945,422) 
- 
Over one year but not more than two years 
- 
- 
Grand Total 
(17,932,414) 
- 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 342 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
24 
Restricted - External 
Credit Risk 
 
Credit risk is the risk of suffering financial loss, should any of the Partnership’s customers or market 
counterparties fail to fulfil their contractual obligations to the Partnership. The Partnership manages its credit 
risk by entering into collateral lending with entities within the Barclays Group.  
 
The Partnership’s maximum exposure to credit risk is detailed in the table below. The exposure reported in 
the table represents the gross receivable amounts, which may not be the fair value. The exposure is reported 
gross and does not include any collateral or other credit risk mitigants which reduce the Partnership’s 
exposure. The exposure by industry type relates to the financial institutions.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2019 
 
Cash Equivalents 
Financial assets at 
fair value 
Reverse 
repurchase 
agreements 
Total 
 
$'000 
$'000 
$'000 
$'000 
Banks and Other Financial 
Institutions 
10,004 
17,932,414 
- 
17,942,418 
                                                                                                                                                    
 
Cash equivalents of $10,004,734 relates to cash held with Bank of New York Mellon, and are considered under 
Stage 1 under IFRS 9. The Partnership has credit risk on its cash and cash equivalents held with Bank of New 
York Mellon. No financial assets subject to credit risk are past due nor individually impaired. There is no expected 
significant credit loss as Bank of New York Melon has a strong credit rating, the Partnership considers the quality 
of the credit to be good.  
 
Reverse Repurchase agreements of $11,927,308,456 relates to lending to BBPLC and are considered Stage 1 
under IFRS 9. There is no expected significant credit loss as BBPLC has a strong credit rating and the partnership 
considers the quality of the credit to be good. 
 
The funds are lent to the counterparties detailed as below: 
 
2020 
Counterparty 
Credit Rating 
Geographical 
location 
Financial Assets at  
Fair Value 
Reverse 
repurchase 
agreements 
$'000 
$'000 
Barclays Capital Inc 
Strong 
US 
796,164 
- 
Barclays Capital Securities Limited 
Strong 
UK 
- 
- 
Barclays Bank PLC 
Strong 
UK 
15,470,412 
         11,927,308  
Grand Total 
16,266,576 
         11,927,308  
 
2020 
Cash Equivalents 
Financial assets 
at fair value 
Reverse 
repurchase 
agreements 
Total 
$'000 
$'000 
$'000 
$'000 
Banks and Other Financial 
Institutions 
10,005 
16,266,576 
11,927,308 
28,203,889 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 343 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
25 
Restricted - External 
 
  
  
  
  
2019 
 Counterparty 
Credit Rating 
Geographical 
location 
Financial Assets at  
Fair Value 
Reverse repurchase 
agreements 
  
  
  
$'000 
$'000 
Barclays Capital Inc 
Strong 
US 
109,474 
- 
Barclays Capital Securities Limited 
Strong 
UK 
224,349 
- 
Barclays Bank PLC 
Strong 
UK 
17,598,591 
- 
Grand Total 
  
  
17,932,414 
- 
 
 
Credit Rating description can be summarised as follows: 
 
Strong: There is a very high likelihood of the asset being recovered in full. This includes Counterparty exposures 
with credit risk rating of BBB- and above by S&P. 
 
Satisfactory: While there is a high likelihood that the asset will be recovered and therefore, of no cause for 
concern to the Group, the asset may not be collateralised, or may relate to retail facilities, such as credit card 
balances and unsecured loans, which have been classified as satisfactory, regardless of the fact that the output 
of internal grading models may have indicated a higher classification. At the lower end of this grade there are 
customers that are being more carefully monitored, for example, corporate customers which are indicating 
some evidence of deterioration, mortgages with a high loan to value, and unsecured retail loans operating 
outside normal product guidelines. This includes Counterparty exposures with credit risk rating of B to BB+ by 
S&P. 
 
Higher risk: There is concern over the obligor’s ability to make payments when due. However, these have not 
yet converted to actual delinquency. There may also be doubts over the value of collateral or security provided. 
However, the borrower or counterparty is continuing to make payments when due and is expected to settle all 
outstanding amounts of principal and interest. This includes Counterparty exposures with credit risk rating of 
B- and below by S&P. 
 
Collateral is held by the Partnership as an important mitigant of credit risk, and the Partnership has obtained 
collateral for the funds advanced. When collateral is deemed appropriate, the Partnership accepts specific, 
agreed classes of collateral. The Partnership monitors the fair value of securities purchased and sold under 
agreements to resell/repurchase on a daily basis, with additional collateral obtained or refunded as necessary.   
 
 
The fair value of collateral held by the Partnership is detailed below: 
 
  
  
   
 
2020 
Nature of collateral: 
  
Financial Assets at  
Fair Value 
Reverse 
Repurchase 
Agreement 
Total 
  
  
$’000 
 
 
- Debt securities 
  
7,499,716 
10,461,413 
17,961,129 
- Equity securities 
  
9,452,436 
699,226 
10,151,662 
  
  
16,952,152 
11,160,639 
28,112,791 
                                                                                                   
 
                                                                                                             
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 344 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
26 
Restricted - External 
       
  
  
 
 
2019 
 
Nature of collateral: 
  
Financial Assets at  
Fair Value 
Reverse 
Repurchase 
Agreement 
Total 
  
  
$’000 
 
 
- Debt securities 
  
16,028,745 
- 
16,028,745 
- Equity securities 
  
2,922,805 
- 
2,922,805 
  
  
18,951,550 
 
18,951,550 
 
 
 
The collaterals were pledged to the Partnership by BCI, BCSL and BBPLC as securities for financial assets at fair 
value and reverse repurchase agreements from the Partnership to BCI, BCSL and BBPLC. The Partnership can 
only seize the assets upon default of repayment of Reverse Repurchase agreements by BCI, BCSL and BBPLC 
and otherwise has no right to sell or re-pledge the collateral.  
 
Market Risk 
 
Market risk is the risk that the Partnership’s earnings or capital, or its ability to meet business objectives will be 
adversely affected by changes in the level or volatility of market rates or prices such as equity prices, foreign 
exchange rates, and interest rates. 
 
The Partnership has no exposure to foreign exchange rates, as all assets and liabilities are matched on a 
currency level. 
 
Interest rate risk 
 
Interest rate risk is the possibility that changes in interest rates will result in higher financing costs and/or 
reduced income from the Partnership’s interest bearing financial assets and liabilities. The Partnership’s interest 
rate risk arises from long term financial liabilities at fair value and borrowings. The Partnership mitigates interest 
rate risk by matching its financial assets at fair value and reverse repo interest rates with the interest rates on 
financial liabilities at fair value and borrowings from BBPLC.   
 
The Partnership’s interest rate risk and market risk is limited to the $10,004,734 exposure on cash held with 
Bank of New York Mellon. 
 
18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
Parties are considered to be related if one party has the ability to control the other party or exercise significant 
influence over the party in making financial or operational decisions, or one other party controls both. 
 
The definition of related parties includes parent company, ultimate parent company, subsidiary, associates and 
joint venture companies, as well as the Partnership’s key management which includes its Members.  
BBPLC is the controlling party. BCI and BCSL are affiliates of the Partnership. The Partnership acknowledges 
that administration services are provided by BBPLC. During the year there have been no other transactions with 
related parties other than transactions disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. All transactions are 
with related parties. 
 
 
 
 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 345 ---
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
NOTES TO THE REPORT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
For the year ended 31 December 2020 
 
27 
Restricted - External 
19. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT  
 
The Partnership is required to operate within the risk management policies of BBPLC which include guidelines 
covering capital management. Both the capital management and risk management objectives and policies of 
BBPLC can be found in the financial statements of BBPLC. The financial statements of BBPLC are available from 
the Barclays Corporate Secretariat, 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP. 
 
The Partnership regards as capital its equity reported in the Balance Sheet. Total equity for year ended 31 
December 2020 is $10,004,734.19 (2019: $ 10,003,649). 
 
 
20. EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE 
        
In the 3rd of March 2021 UK Budget, it was announced that the UK rate of corporation tax will increase from 
19% to 25% effective 1 April 2023. The change was not substantively enacted or enacted at the balance sheet 
date and this is not expected to have a material impact on the rate at which the LLP’s deferred tax balances will 
unwind. 
DocuSign Envelope ID: BE0B5DB6-4493-4E68-8E90-7DFB41D6E817

--- Page 346 ---
ISSUER 
Barclays Bank PLC
Registered Office
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
PROVIDER OF LIMITED RECOURSE 
UNDERTAKING 
Barclays CCP Funding LLP 
Registered Office
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank plc 
5 The North Colonade 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom 
Barclays Capital Inc.
745 Seventh Avenue 
New York, NY 10019 
United States 
CUSTODIANS 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
Clearstream Banking S.A. 
One Canada Square, Floor 42 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5DR 
United Kingdom 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
1 Chase Manhattan Plaza, 58th Floor 
New York, NY 10005 
United States 
The Bank of New York Mellon,
acting through its London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
ISSUE AND PAYING AGENT 
APPLICABLE ENFORCEMENT PARTY 
The Bank of New York Mellon, 
acting through its London branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon, 
acting through its London branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon
101 Barclay Street 
New York, NY 10286 
United States 
ADMINISTRATOR 
CALCULATION AGENT 
Barclays Bank PLC
1 Churchill Place 
London E14 5HP 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon, 
acting through its London branch
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
NEW YORK AGENT 
AND NEW YORK REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon
101 Barclay Street 
New York, NY 10286 
United States 
LUXEMBOURG AGENT 
AND LUXEMBOURG REGISTRAR 
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V.,  
Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building – Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER
in respect of English and United States law:
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited
Earlsfort Centre 
Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
Mayer Brown LLP
1221 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10020 
United States 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER AND THE LLP 
KPMG LLP
15 Canada Square 
London E14 5GL 
United Kingdom