--- Page 1 ---
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus 
10 September, 2021 
This document constitutes two base prospectuses for the purposes of Art. 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"): (i) the base prospectus of BASF 
SE in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of Art. 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation, ("Non-Equity Securities") 
and (ii) the base prospectus of BASF Finance Europe N.V. in respect of Non-Equity Securities (together, the "Debt Issuance 
Program Prospectus" or the "Prospectus"). 
 
BASF SE 
(Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer and, in respect of Notes issued by 
BASF Finance Europe N.V., as Guarantor 
BASF Finance Europe N.V. 
(Arnhem, The Netherlands) 
as Issuer 
EUR 20,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Program 
(the "Program") 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of Notes issued by BASF Finance Europe N.V. will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by BASF SE. 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"Commission") as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Commission only approves this Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of each issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to list Notes issued under the Program on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
to trade Notes on the regulated market or on the professional segment of the regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg". The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Directive on markets in financial 
instruments 2014/65/EU, as amended, (the "Regulated Market"). Notes issued under the Program may also not be listed at 
all. 
Each Issuer has requested the Commission in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated July 16, 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour 
valeurs mobilières et portant mise en œuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129 - the "Luxembourg Law") to provide the 
competent authorities in the Federal Republic of Germany ("Germany"), the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Ireland and  
The Netherlands with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation ("Notification"). Each Issuer may request the Commission to provide competent authorities in 
additional Member States within the European Economic Area with a Notification. By approving a prospectus, the Commission 
shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency of each issuer 
pursuant to Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, 
S.A. 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Credit Suisse 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
ING 
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo 
J.P. Morgan 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
MUFG 
Mizuho Securities 
Morgan Stanley 
NatWest Markets 
RBC Capital Markets 
Santander Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
SMBC Nikko 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
UBS Investment Bank 
 
UniCredit 
This Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and 
on the website of BASF Group (www.basf.com). This Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months after its approval. The 
validity ends upon expiration of 10 September, 2022. There is no obligation to supplement the Prospectus in the 
event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies when the Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
2
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
BASF SE ("BASF" or the "Guarantor", together with its consolidated group companies, the "BASF 
Group") with its registered office in Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany and BASF Finance Europe N.V. 
("BASF Finance") with its registered office in Arnhem, The Netherlands (herein each also called an 
"Issuer" and together the "Issuers") accept responsibility for the information given in this Prospectus and 
for the information which will be contained in the Final Terms (as defined herein). 
Each Issuer hereby declares that to the best of its knowledge the information contained in this Prospectus 
for which it is responsible is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and that this 
Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated herein by reference. Full information on the Issuers and any tranche of 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms (as 
defined herein). 
Each Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers (as defined herein) that this Prospectus contains all information 
which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuers and the rights attaching to the Notes and the 
reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer and all information which is material in the context of 
the Program and the issue and offering of the Notes thereunder; that the information contained herein with 
respect to the Issuers and the Notes is accurate and complete in all material respects and is not 
misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed herein with respect to the Issuers and the Notes 
are honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts with respect to the 
Issuers or the Notes, the omission of which would make this Prospectus as a whole or any of such 
information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading in any material respect; and 
that the Issuers have made all reasonable enquiries to ascertain all facts material for the purposes 
aforesaid. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor has undertaken with the Dealers (i) to supplement this Prospectus or 
publish a new Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus in respect of Notes issued on the basis of 
this Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noted 
between the time when this Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any tranche of Notes 
offered to the public or, as the case may be, when trading of any tranche of Notes on a regulated market 
begins, and (ii) to have such document approved by the Commission. 
No person has been authorized to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with this 
Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Program or any information supplied by 
any Issuer or any other information in the public domain and, if given or made, such information must not 
be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuers, the Dealers or any of them. 
Neither the Arranger (as defined herein) nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this 
Prospectus, excluding the Issuers, is responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any 
supplement hereto, or any Final Terms or any document incorporated herein by reference, and 
accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons 
accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in any of these 
documents. This Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its approval and this Prospectus and any 
supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue. The 
delivery of this Prospectus or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may not be 
taken as an implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete 
subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial 
situation of the Issuers since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Program is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Final 
Terms come are required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. For a description 
of the restrictions applicable in the United States of America, the European Economic Area in general, the 
United Kingdom and Japan see "Selling Restrictions". In particular, the Notes have not been and will not

--- Page 3 ---
3
be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") and are 
subject to tax law requirements of the United States of America; subject to certain exceptions, Notes may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. persons. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), or 
the UK MiFIR Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules or the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS –  If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Authority ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The language of the Prospectus is English. The German versions of the English language sets of Terms 
and Conditions and Guarantee are shown in the Prospectus for additional information. As to form and 
content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders (as defined herein) and the Issuer under the Notes to 
be issued, German is the controlling legally binding language if so specified in the relevant Final Terms. In 
respect of the Guarantee, the German language version is always controlling and legally binding as to 
form and content, and all rights and obligations of the Holders and the Guarantor thereunder.

--- Page 4 ---
4
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing 
Notes issued under the Program is entitled to use the Prospectus as set out in "Consent to the Use 
of the Prospectus" below. 
This Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
This Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by 
anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Prospectus and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any Notes. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances and be aware of the risk that an investment in the Notes may not be suitable at 
all times until maturity bearing in mind the following key aspects when assessing and reassessing 
the suitability of the Notes which may change over time and could lead to the risk of non-
suitability. Each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any supplement hereto; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in the 
Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
relevant Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behavior of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Program, the Dealer or Dealers (if 
any) named as stabilizing manager(s) in the applicable Final Terms (or persons acting on behalf of 
a stabilizing manager) may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilization 
may not necessarily occur. Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, 
if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the Issue 
Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilization action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
stabilizing manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any stabilizing manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules. 
The information on any website included in the Prospectus, except for the website www.bourse.lu in the 
context of the documents incorporated by reference, do not form part of the Prospectus and have not been 
scrutinised or approved by the Commission. 
Amounts payable under Floating Rate Notes are calculated by reference to (i) EURIBOR (Euro Interbank 
Offered Rate) which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) or (ii) LIBOR (London 
Interbank Offered Rate) which is provided by the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA). As at the 
date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears whereas IBA does not appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) ("BMR"). As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that IBA is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 5 ---
5
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement 
that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future 
results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements 
are identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", 
"intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, including references and 
assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Prospectus containing information on future 
earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding BASF Group's business and management, its growth 
and profitability, and general economic and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the 
Issuers make to the best of their present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to 
risks, uncertainties and other factors which could cause actual results, including BASF Group's financial 
condition and results of operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly 
or implicitly been assumed or described in these forward-looking statements. BASF Group's business is 
also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate 
or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read 
the following sections of this Prospectus: "Risk Factors", "BASF SE as Issuer and Guarantor" and "BASF 
Finance Europe N.V. as Issuer". These sections include more detailed descriptions of factors that might 
have an impact on BASF Group's business and the markets in which it operates. 
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not 
occur. In addition, neither the Issuers nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to 
update any forward-looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or 
developments.

--- Page 6 ---
6
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
 
General Description of the Program ................................................................................................. 7 
General ............................................................................................................................................. 7 
Issue Procedures ............................................................................................................................. 8 
Risk Factors .................................................................................................................................... 10 
Risk Factors regarding BASF SE and BASF Group ...................................................................... 10 
Risk Factors regarding BASF Finance Europe N.V. ...................................................................... 16 
Risk Factors regarding the Notes ................................................................................................... 16 
Consent to the use of the Prospectus ............................................................................................ 24 
BASF SE as Issuer and Guarantor ................................................................................................ 25 
BASF Finance Europe N.V. as Issuer ............................................................................................ 60 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (English Language Version) .................................................. 63 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed interest rates ........................... 63 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with floating interest rates ...................... 87 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (German Language Version) ............................................... 107 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung .................. 108 
OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung ............ 134 
Guarantee (German Language Version) ...................................................................................... 156 
Guarantee (English Translation) .................................................................................................. 159 
Form of Final Terms ..................................................................................................................... 163 
Description of Rules Regarding Resolutions of Holders .............................................................. 178 
Use of Proceeds ........................................................................................................................... 180 
Taxation Warning ......................................................................................................................... 181 
Selling Restrictions ....................................................................................................................... 182 
General Information ...................................................................................................................... 188 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer ............................................. 188 
Authorization ................................................................................................................................. 188 
Listing and Admission to Trading ................................................................................................. 188 
Clearing Systems ......................................................................................................................... 189 
Documents Available .................................................................................................................... 189 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ....................................................................................... 190 
Documents incorporated by Reference ........................................................................................ 190 
Cross-reference list of Documents incorporated by Reference ................................................... 190 
Availability of Documents ............................................................................................................. 192 
Names and Addresses ................................................................................................................. 194

--- Page 7 ---
7
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAM 
I. General 
Under this EUR 20,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Program, BASF and BASF Finance may from time to time 
issue notes (the "Notes") to one or more of the following Dealers: Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., 
Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, Citigroup 
Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank, Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A., Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DZ BANK AG Deutsche 
Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, HSBC Continental 
Europe, ING Bank N.V., Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., J.P. Morgan AG, Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Morgan Stanley Europe SE, MUFG Securities EMEA plc, MUFG 
Securities (Europe) N.V., NatWest Markets N.V., RBC Europe Limited, RBC Capital Markets (Europe) 
GmbH, SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH, Société Générale, UBS AG London Branch, 
UniCredit Bank AG and any additional Dealer appointed under the Program from time to time by the 
Issuer(s), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together, the "Dealers"). 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Program (the "Arranger"). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Program 
will not exceed EUR 20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Issuers may increase 
the amount of the Program in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as defined herein) from 
time to time. 
Notes issued by BASF Finance will have the benefit of a Guarantee (the "Guarantee") given by BASF. 
The Guarantee constitutes an irrevocable, unsecured and unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor 
ranking pari passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor. 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers. Notes may be distributed by 
way of public offer or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
method of distribution of each tranche ("Tranche") will be stated in the relevant final terms (the "Final 
Terms"). The Notes may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors, including with the restrictions 
specified in the "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS" and "PROHIBITION OF 
SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS" legends set out on the cover page of the applicable Final Terms, if 
any. 
Notes will be issued in Tranches, each Tranche in itself consisting of Notes, which are identical in all 
respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a single series and 
identical in all respects, but having different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and 
dates for first interest payments may form a series ("Series") of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as 
part of existing Series.  
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of 
the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such other 
currency at least to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or 
regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central banks, Notes may be issued in euro or any 
other currency. 
Notes will be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more. The Notes will be freely transferable. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price, which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. If the 
issue price is known as at the date of publication of the relevant Final Terms, it will be specified therein. 
The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing on the basis of a yield 
which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers 
during the offer period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such 
yield. The resulting yield will be used to determine an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates will be calculated by the use of the ICMA method, which 
determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest on a daily basis. 
The Risk Factors included into this Prospectus are limited to risks which are (i) specific to the BASF and 
BASF Finance as Issuers and Guarantor, as the case may be, as well as the Notes, and (ii) are material 
for taking an informed investment decision. They are presented in a limited number of categories 
depending on their nature. In each category the most material risk factor is mentioned first.

--- Page 8 ---
8
Under this Prospectus a summary will only be drawn up in relation to an issue of Notes with a 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000. Such an issue-specific summary will be annexed to the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Application has been made to the Commission, which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the 
purpose of the Prospectus Regulation for its approval of this Prospectus.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Program to be 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Notes may further be issued under the Program, which will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. These systems will comprise those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg, Euroclear Bank SA/NV and CDS & Co., as nominee for CDS 
Clearing and Depository Services Inc. Notes denominated in euro or, as the case may be, such other 
currency recognized from time to time for the purposes of eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem are intended to be held in a manner, which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Therefore, the Notes will be deposited initially upon issue with in the case of (i) 
a new global note either Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg or Euroclear Bank SA/NV as common 
safekeeper or, (ii) a classical global note Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main. It does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. will act as Luxembourg Listing Agent and Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft will act as fiscal agent and paying agent (the "Fiscal Agent"). 
II. Issue Procedures 
General 
The relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each 
particular Tranche of Notes (the "Conditions"). The Conditions will be constituted by the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth below (the "Terms and Conditions") as further specified by 
the Final Terms (the "Final Terms") as described below. 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms 
provide for the relevant Issuer to choose between the following Options: 
- 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates (and Option I A, Option I B, Option I 
C, Option I D, Option I E, Option I F, Option I G as well as Option I H as defined in "Documents 
incorporated by Reference"); and 
- 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates. 
With respect to each type of Notes, the respective Option I A, Option I B, Option I C, Option I D, Option I 
E, Option I F, Option I G and Option I H are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus for the purpose 
of a potential increase of Notes outstanding and originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus. 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The relevant Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following 
ways: 
- 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of the 
Option I or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be 
applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the 
relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus in the 
Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall 
constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions will be required where the Notes are 
publicly offered, in whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified 
investors.

--- Page 9 ---
9
- 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective 
further options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by 
referring to the relevant provisions of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the 
Prospectus only. The Final Terms will specify that the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus, taken together, shall constitute the 
Conditions. Each global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have the Final Terms and 
the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus attached.  
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of the Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual 
issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain 
further options (characterized by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant set of 
Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterized by square 
brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as follows: 
Determination of Options 
The relevant Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by 
replicating the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the respective 
sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not 
refer to an alternative or optional provision or such alternative or optional provision is not replicated therein 
it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions.  
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions will be completed. In the case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information 
were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
All instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from 
the Conditions. 
Controlling Language 
As to the controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
- 
In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of Germany, or (ii) 
initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of Germany, 
German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-
qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German language 
translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal offices of the Fiscal Agent and BASF, 
as specified on the back cover of this Prospectus. 
- 
In other cases the relevant Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 10 ---
10
RISK FACTORS  
The following is a description of material risks that are specific to BASF and BASF Finance and/or 
may affect their respective ability to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes and the 
Guarantee and that are material to the Notes issued under the Program in order to assess the 
market risk associated with these Notes. Prospective investors should consider these risk factors 
before deciding whether to purchase Notes issued under the Program.  
Prospective investors should consider all information provided in this Prospectus and consult 
with their own professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax advisers) 
if they consider it necessary. In addition, investors should be aware that the risks described might 
combine and thus intensify one another. 
 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING BASF SE AND BASF GROUP 
The following descriptions of the risk factors and their occurrence within a risk category with the most 
material risk factor presented first in each category should be understood as description of residual risks, 
i.e. of the remaining risks following all counter measures taken in order to avoid such risks or limit their 
adverse effects. 
The risk factors regarding the Issuer and the Guarantor are presented in the following categories 
depending on their nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1. 
Risks related to the issuer's and guarantor's business activities and industry 
2. 
Risks related to the issuer's and guarantor's financial situation 
3. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
4. 
Internal control risks 
5. 
Environmental, social and governance risks 
1. 
Risks related to the issuer's and guarantor's business activities and industry 
Market growth risks 
BASF Group is dependent on the economic environment and cyclical trends in the world economy and 
may be adversely affected by any downturn in regional or worldwide economies, market crises as well as 
prolonged periods of instability. There is a considerable correlation between economic development and 
trade flows and, consequently, economic downturns and phases of prolonged instability often coincide with 
a decline in trade volumes. The financial position of BASF Group's segments are affected by such 
cyclicality and migration of various industries in which they operate, including the automotive, electrical, 
electronics and construction industries. BASF Group sees a macroeconomic risk in the ongoing trade 
conflict between the United States and China and the associated slowdown of the economy. With a share 
of more than 40%, China is already the largest chemical market and drives the growth of global chemical 
production. A slowdown of the Chinese economy would not only have a considerable impact on its 
chemical market but also on the overall demand for intermediate goods for industrial production as well as 
investment goods. This would further have an effect on emerging markets that export raw materials as well 
as on advanced economies that specialize in technological goods. BASF Group might be impacted not 
only by decreased demand in Chinese markets and in markets dependent on or linked to the Chinese 
economy but also by the general deceleration of the worldwide macroeconomic development. 
The development of demand in BASF Group's sales markets represents one of the most important 
sources of risks. In particular, the sales volumes of BASF Group's crop protection products are subject to 
the agricultural sector's dependency on weather conditions. Adverse weather conditions in a particular 
growing region could materially negatively affect the results of operations of BASF Group's crop protection 
business. Demand for crop protection products is further influenced by the agricultural policies of 
governments and multinational organizations. Risks to the global economy and thus adverse impacts on 
BASF Group's performance may also arise due to an escalation of geopolitical or trade conflicts, an 
increase of tariff and non-tariff trade barriers as well as an increased tendency toward protectionism. 
Furthermore, BASF Group's business is exposed to economic risks due to the international nature of its 
business. Some of the countries in which BASF Group manufactures or offers services or into which it 
exports are subject to reduced economic, political, social or legal stability. Potential risks BASF Group

--- Page 11 ---
11
might encounter in different countries include in particular the nationalization of assets, legal risks, the 
prohibition of capital transfers, war, terrorist attacks and other unrest. There could also be an indirect 
negative impact on BASF Group's business outside of a region directly affected by the relevant crisis 
especially if BASF Group customers in other countries were to change their investment and business 
plans as a result of the relevant crisis. 
In case any of the mentioned risks materialize and observed market growth rates decline below BASF 
Group's respective assumptions, negative, material implications on BASF Group's sales volumes and 
financial position, margins, operational performance and overall operational results may arise. Depending 
on the significance and duration of deterioration, implications on the Group's overall competitive 
positioning or overall financial position might arise as well. 
The current COVID-19 pandemic and related countermeasures imposed by governments and other 
competent authorities in different countries such as curfews, lockdowns, travel and transportation 
restrictions, quarantines and social distancing directly impact the global economy and its further 
development. The global economy and the international financial markets in general and more specifically 
the markets in which BASF operates are materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and the 
aforementioned countermeasures. Due to the international nature of BASF’s business, the resulting impact 
varies in its degree depending on the development in individual countries. Such development could, 
however, have a number of negative effects on BASF’s operating results and its business and financial 
position including lower sales volumes or margins driven by significantly decreased market demands for 
BASF’s products, shutdown of BASF’s or its customers or supplier’s plants or other facilities, restrictions 
on supply chains, unavailability of personnel and increase of credit costs and liquidity risks. Customers 
might cancel or postpone orders, delay investments or may default or even become insolvent. Suppliers 
might not deliver on time or not at all. The extent and the duration of these negative effects on BASF’s 
business are still difficult to predict. The longer the current COVID-19 pandemic and related 
countermeasures continue the more severe the negative effects could be. Potential further negative 
consequences could be a severe disruption of the financial system in general or an unsustainable rise of 
public and private debt challenging the recovery of the global economy and the markets in which BASF 
operates after the end of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Margin risks 
Margin risks for BASF Group result from a further decline in margins in the Chemicals and Materials 
segment. New capacities or raw materials shortages could also increase margin pressure on a number of 
products and value chains. For example, some of BASF Group's divisions are exposed to strong 
fluctuations in raw material prices. These result primarily from raw materials (for example naphtha, 
propylene, benzene, lauric oils, cyclohexane, methanol, natural gas, butadiene, Liquefied Petroleum Gas 
condensate and ammonia) as well as from precious metals. Such new capacities or raw materials 
shortages would have a negative effect on BASF Group's EBIT. Crude oil and naphtha as the main raw 
materials form the basis for many of BASF Group's value chains. The year's average oil price for Brent 
crude was around $42 per barrel in 2020, compared with $64 per barrel in the previous year. The price of 
oil averaged $65 per barrel (Brent crude) in the first half of 2021. BASF Group – having revised its forecast 
in the Half-Year Financial Report 2021 - anticipates an average oil price of USD $65 per barrel in 2021.  
Competition risks 
Increasing competition, in particular from emerging markets, may pose a risk to BASF Group's earnings 
and market shares. Overcapacities, for example due to new market entrances by competitors or other 
market participants, might intensify the competitive environment increasing risks on BASF Group's 
respective pricing and volume strategies, as for example observed in the cracker product markets. In 
addition, BASF Group may face competition from raw material suppliers expanding their value chains. 
Furthermore, BASF Group's operating results depend on the development of commercially viable new 
products and production technologies. Due to the high degree of complexity and uncertainty involved in 
chemical and biological research, there is a risk that projects might be discontinued for technical or 
economic reasons, budgets or schedules may be exceeded or developed products will not receive 
regulatory approval for sale or will not achieve the expected commercial success. 
Additional competition risks might arise from digitalization. Digital business models could potentially disrupt 
conventional business models in the chemical industry. The rapid development in the digitalization of 
chemical plants and the resulting increased efficiency impose risks with regard to operational competition. 
Production and Investment risks 
In the BASF Verbund, production facilities and technologies are intelligently networked, with high-output 
chemical processes that use energy and resources efficiently. The by-products of one plant serve as 
feedstock elsewhere, creating efficient value chains – from basic chemicals to high value-added solutions

--- Page 12 ---
12
such as coatings or crop protection products. Plant breakdowns as for example due to technical defects of 
BASF's TDI plant may harm the Verbund production. Guaranteeing the quality and availability of BASF 
Group's products can require unforeseen technical measures. Moreover, there is the risk that unscheduled 
plant shutdowns will be required for safety reasons or due to technical problems. For example, as a 
precaution BASF Group shuts down plants at the sites on the U.S. Gulf Coast in the event of hurricane 
warnings. 
Risks from investments can result from, for example, technical malfunctions or schedule and budget 
breaches. BASF Group's decisions on the type, scope and locations of its investment projects are based 
on assumptions related to the long-term development of markets, margins and costs, as well as raw 
material availability and country, currency and technology risks. Risks arise from potential deviations in 
actual developments from BASF Group's assumptions. 
Furthermore, BASF Group is subject to operating risks associated with chemical manufacturing, including 
the risks of production, distribution, handling and storage of BASF Group's products. These operating risks 
have the potential to cause personal injury, property damage and environmental contamination, and may 
result in business interruptions, the shutdown of affected facilities and liability for compensation payments. 
Any of these events may adversely affect BASF Group's operating results. 
Purchasing and supply chain risks 
Delivery bottlenecks resulting from interruptions in production or the supply chain and raw material 
shortages may adversely affect BASF Group's operating results and revenues. 
Additionally, risks regarding increasing, unexpected extreme weather conditions such as heavy rain events, 
flooding, hurricanes, storms, and low or high-water levels might further impose challenges on BASF 
Group's global supply chain and production abilities and impact all Operating Divisions' performance 
negatively. For example, BASF can no longer rule out extreme low-water situations or heat waves caused 
by climate change at its Verbund site in Ludwigshafen, Germany. 
Information technology risks 
BASF Group relies on a large number of IT systems including one global ERP system. Their non-
availability, violation of confidentiality or the manipulation of critical IT systems and applications can all 
have a direct impact on all business processes run at BASF Group. The threat environment has changed 
in recent years, as cyber attackers have become better organized, use more sophisticated technology, 
and have far more resources available. If data are lost or manipulated, this can, for example, negatively 
affect process safety and the accuracy of its ﬁnancial reporting. Unauthorized access to sensitive data, 
such as personnel records, competition-related information or research results, can result in legal 
consequences or jeopardize BASF Group's competitive position or overall financial position. This would 
also be accompanied by the associated loss of reputation. 
Risks arising from acquisitions/divestitures/cooperations 
BASF Group is constantly watching its environment in order to identify possible targets and develop its 
portfolio appropriately. In addition, BASF Group works together in collaborations with customers and 
partners to jointly develop new, competitive products and applications. Risks arise in connection with 
acquisitions and divestitures from the conclusion of a transaction, or it being completed earlier or later than 
expected. They relate to the regular earnings contributions gained or lost as well as the realization of gains 
or losses from divestitures if these deviate from BASF Group's planning assumptions. Following 
acquisition and investment activities, regular goodwill impairment tests are performed, which ultimately 
lead to the potential risk of goodwill impairments and consequently negative financial impact, including 
investments accounted for using the equity method. 
Acquisitions and other financial investment decisions are associated with complex risks due to the high 
level of capital involved and the long-term capital commitment. They also come along with potentially 
unexpected high integration costs, delayed realization of synergies and the assumption of obligations that 
were not precisely quantifiable in advance. In addition, there is the risk that BASF Group's profitability 
might be reduced in case of successful claims relating to representations and warranties given in the 
course of the sale of a company or assets are successfully made against BASF Group.  
Personnel risks 
As a leading Chemical company, BASF Group's future success depends in part on its continued ability to 
hire, integrate and retain highly skilled employees. This includes for example complex fields as Research 
and Development, Operations (e.g. chemical technicians), Engineering and increasingly Digitalization and 
Information Technology. At the same time the number of positions will decrease in other fields due to 
digitalization effects and a lean organization. BASF Group expects a medium to long-term shortage of 
skilled employees due to demographic changes, especially in North America and Europe and depending

--- Page 13 ---
13
on future growth rates.  As a result, there is an increased risk that job vacancies may not be filled with 
suitable applicants, or only after a delay. 
2. 
Risks related to the issuer's and guarantor's financial situation 
Exchange rate volatility risks 
BASF Group has companies in more than 90 countries and supplies products and services to around 
90,000 customers in almost every country in the world. BASF Group works with over 70,000 suppliers 
worldwide. Therefore, BASF Group's competitiveness on global markets is influenced by fluctuations in 
exchange rates. Financial currency risks result from the translation of receivables, liabilities and other 
monetary items in accordance with IAS 21 at the closing rate into the functional currency of the respective 
Group company. For BASF Group's sales, risks arise in particular when the U.S. dollar exchange rate 
ﬂuctuates. Assuming other conditions remain the same, a full-year rise in the value of the U.S. dollar/euro 
exchange rate by USD 0.01 would result in an increase of around EUR 30 million in BASF Group's EBIT. 
Vice versa, a full-year decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar/euro exchange rate by USD 0.01 would 
result in a decrease of BASF Group's EBIT to a similar extent. 
Liquidity and credit risks 
BASF Group's ability to finance its business depends on future developments of financial markets. Access 
to extensive liquidity is substantial to balance risks from fluctuating cash flows from cyclical businesses. 
This access to liquid funds may be limited during a financial crisis. A rating downgrade may increase 
BASF Group's financing costs and negatively impact the market values of the Notes. Credit ratings 
assigned to BASF Group or any of the Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to 
structure, market and other factors. Rating agencies may also change their methodologies for rating 
issuers or securities in the future. An actual or anticipated downgrade of ratings could result in increased 
interest and other financial expenses. It could also have a material negative impact on the market values 
of the Notes 
Although BASF Group only engages in transactions with banks with good credit ratings and by adhering to 
fixed limits for exposures, any counterparty might not be able to fulfil its obligations and BASF Group might 
not be able to close open positions in advance. Customers might also not fulfil their obligations from 
purchase agreements, resulting in an impairment of receivables BASF Group might suffer from losses of 
assets in individual countries. In particular, BASF Group's crop protection products are typically sold 
pursuant to contracts with long payment terms. These extended payment periods make BASF Group's 
crop protection business susceptible to losses on receivables during local or regional economic crises, 
which may adversely affect BASF Group's operating results and liquidity. 
Interest rates risks 
Interest rate risks result from potential changes in prevailing market interest rates. These can cause a 
change in the fair value of ﬁxed-rate instruments and fluctuations in the interest payments for variable-rate 
financial instruments, which would positively or negatively affect earnings. In addition to market interest 
rates, BASF Group's financing costs are determined by the credit risk premiums to be paid. These are 
mainly influenced by the credit rating and the market conditions at the time of issue. The variable interest 
risk exposure, which also includes fixed rate bonds maturing in the following year, amounted to minus 
EUR 1.659 million as of December 31, 2020 (2019: minus EUR 1.414 million). An increase in all relevant 
interest rates by one percentage point of BASF Group's outstanding debt instruments would have lowered 
income before income taxes by EUR 10 million as of December 31, 2020, and lowered income before 
income taxes by EUR 6 million as of December 31, 2019.  
Metal and raw materials trading risks 
In the catalysts business, BASF Group employs commodity derivatives for precious metals and trades 
precious metals on behalf of third parties and on its own account. Appropriate commodity derivatives are 
also traded to optimize BASF Group's supply of refinery products, gas and other petrochemical raw 
materials. Although trading is conducted within predetermined limits and exposure constraints, adverse 
market developments could lead to significant losses or changes in market values of employed 
instruments, which may require significant liquidity. 
Risks related to personnel costs 
Most employees are granted company pension benefits from either defined contribution or defined benefit 
plans. BASF Group predominantly finances company pension obligations externally through separate plan 
assets. This particularly includes BASF Pensionskasse VVaG and BASF Pensionstreuhand e.V. in 
Germany, in addition to the large pension plans of BASF Group companies in North America, the United 
Kingdom and Switzerland.

--- Page 14 ---
14
The fund assets required to cover future pension obligations are actuarially determined using, among 
others, assumptions concerning the expected return on plan assets. The plan assets are partially 
comprised of equity and other risky investments. Declining or even negative returns on these investments 
and a lack of diversification between different asset classes may adversely affect the future fair value of 
plan assets and could trigger an additional contribution to the pension plan to cover future pension 
obligations. Additional contributions to pension plans may also be triggered by declining interest rates 
leading to higher present values of future pension liabilities. 
BASF Group's senior executives have the opportunity to participate in a share price-based compensation 
program. The development of the BASF SE share price and the MSCI World Chemicals Index may lead to 
a corresponding increase in personnel costs. From 2020 onward, the previous LTI program for senior 
executives was replaced by a new program. The new program will incentivize the development of the total 
shareholder return, as well as the achievement of strategic growth, profitability and sustainability targets. 
The development of these targets may lead to a corresponding increase in personnel costs. 
Furthermore, changes to the legal environment of a particular country can have an impact on the 
development of personnel expenses for BASF Group. 
3. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Regulation/policy risks 
Risks for BASF Group can arise from intensified geopolitical tensions, new trade sanctions, stricter 
emissions limits for plants or energy and climate laws. In addition, risks to the BASF Group can be posed 
by further regulations in key customer industries or on the use or registration of agricultural and other 
chemicals.  
As a globally operating company, BASF Group conducts business and is involved in projects with 
customers and business partners in countries that are subject of export control regulations, embargoes, 
sanctions or other forms of trade restrictions imposed by the U.S., the European Union or other countries 
or organizations. Risks for BASF Group can in particular arise from intensified geopolitical tensions, which 
could result in the broadening of existing or enactment of new embargoes and sanctions laws, the 
destabilization of political systems or the introduction of new trade barriers (which could, in each case, 
have retroactive effect). Consequently, there might be a significant negative impact on the overall market 
growth, customer demand in key industries or on important chemical markets in form of shifted supply and 
demand balances. Considering BASF Group's global business, BASF Group encounters risks associated 
with existing, new or amended sanctions and trade laws. Depending on the content, scope and 
applicability of these sanctions, there can be no assurance that certain BASF Group's business activities 
or projects will not be affected by such sanctions, embargoes or similar laws or regulations. 
Risks for BASF Group can also arise from new regulations, including stricter emission limits for plants or 
energy and climate laws. Changes in this regard might potentially restrict BASF Group's production output 
and, depending on the extent of changes, impose risks on the company's future growth. Furthermore, 
additional cost burdens might arise as well, impacting financial position negatively. In addition, risks to 
BASF Group can be posed by further laws in key customer industries or on the use or registration of 
agricultural and other chemicals and thus limiting the company's sales and impose further cost burdens to 
adapt products or registrations to revised regulations. 
Legal disputes and proceedings risks 
With its international operations, BASF Group is exposed to numerous legal risks. These may include, in 
particular, risks relating to product liability, competition and antitrust law, export control, data protection, 
patent law, procurement law, tax legislation and environmental protection in the countries where BASF 
Group operates, including countries such as the United States, where legal risks – in particular legal risks 
stemming from class action product liability - have historically been more significant than in other countries. 
BASF Group is involved in legal, regulatory, governmental and arbitration proceedings and may become 
involved in additional proceedings. These proceedings involve claims by and against BASF Group which 
arise in the ordinary course of its businesses, including in connection with its business activities or its role 
as employer, investor and taxpayer. Any proceeding might negatively impact BASF Group. The outcome 
of current pending or future proceedings and investigations can often not be predicted with certainty. Legal 
or regulatory judgements or agreed settlements may give rise to significant losses, costs and expenses 
which are not covered, or not fully covered, by insurance benefits or provisions. Such losses, costs and 
expenses may have a material adverse impact on the business and financial position of BASF Group. 
Investigations of possible legal or regulatory violations, such as potential infringements of antitrust law or 
certain marketing or distribution methods, may result in civil or criminal penalties – including substantial 
monetary fines – or other adverse financial consequences, and may harm BASF Group's reputation and 
ultimately hamper its commercial success.

--- Page 15 ---
15
Risks from changes in taxation 
BASF Group and BASF Finance are governed by the tax rules and regulations applicable in the country of 
their residence. A change in such rules and regulations may result in a higher tax rates or expenses. In 
addition, changes in tax legislation may have a significant impact on BASF Group's and BASF Finance's 
tax receivables and tax liabilities as well as on its deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. Future 
interpretations of these regulations and/or changes in the tax system might have an impact on BASF's and 
BASF Finance's tax liabilities, profitability and business operations. BASF Group and BASF Finance are 
regularly audited by the tax authorities and it cannot be excluded that such tax audits will lead to additional 
tax claims that could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, financial position 
and results of operations. 
4. 
Internal control risks 
Internal control risks 
BASF Group has companies in more than 90 countries and operates six Verbund sites and 241 additional 
production sites worldwide. It has eleven divisions grouped into six segments. These divisions manage 54 
global and regional business units and develop strategies for the 76 strategic business units. All these 
business units are active on several markets in countries all around the world and their respective 
businesses are, individually and taken as a whole, exposed to varying degrees of risk and respective 
uncertainty on a global and or a local level where these businesses are being operated. Their assessment 
is dependent on a number of factors and based on assumptions which may prove not to be accurate. 
Although BASF Group has an extensive and global enterprise risk management system in place, including 
a "3 Lines of Defense" model (employees, Corporate Center and corporate audit), the mere size of BASF 
Group and the aforementioned complexity causes a residual internal control risk. Potentially, material risks 
might not be recognized appropriately within the enterprise risk management framework or might be 
assessed to be immaterial, remote or unlikely at source, although they might have a material adverse 
effect on BASF Group's business operations and financial position and results of operations after 
aggregation or when occurring simultaneously. 
5. 
Environmental, Social and Governance Risks 
Environmental risks 
For BASF Group as an energy-intensive company, environmental and sustainability risks arise especially 
from regulatory changes, such as in carbon prices through emissions trading systems, taxes or energy 
legislation. In particular, there is a risk of an increase in pricing of greenhouse gas emissions, which may 
impose cost burdens from the EU emissions trading system compared to other global competitors which 
do not have comparable additional costs. In addition, BASF's emissions footprint and intensity could lead 
to a negative perception and reduced appeal among external stakeholders such as customers or investors. 
Additionally, as a chemical company, BASF Group operates with hazardous and toxic materials, which 
require adequate handling and processing. Any non-compliance with BASF Group's high safety standards 
may result in severe damages to the environment and, consequently, adversely affect BASF Group's 
reputation, business and/or financial position. 
Social risks 
As BASF Group operates globally and despite extensive measures taken to ensure the adherence to 
social standards, such as due diligence obligations or audits, BASF Group is exposed to risks from non-
compliance with these standards by its employees, suppliers or other partners, for example in the 
procurement of mineral raw materials, which can ultimately lead to adverse effects on BASF Group's 
reputation, business or financial position. 
Governance risks 
As per year-end 2020, BASF Group recorded around 110,000 employees worldwide. Due to the high 
number of employees, BASF Group is especially exposed to any kind of unlawful or unethical behavior or 
other kind of misconduct by individuals. Unethical behavior and non-compliance with BASF Group's 
integrity standards due to intentional and fraudulent behavior of employees could materially harm BASF 
Group's business, financial position, profit, and reputation. BASF Group may encounter unethical behavior 
and non-compliance with applicable laws, regulations and BASF Group's guidelines and integrity 
standards due to intentional and fraudulent behavior of individual employees, possibly in collusion with 
external third parties. In addition to intentional behavior, problems could also arise due to negligence in the 
adherence to applicable laws, regulations and internal or external guidelines. Unethical behavior and 
misconduct attributable to BASF Group could not only lead to criminal charges, fines and claims by injured

--- Page 16 ---
16
parties, but also to financial loss, and severe reputational damage. This could have a material adverse 
effect on BASF Group's business, financial position, profit, and cash flows. 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING BASF FINANCE EUROPE N.V.  
BASF Finance continued operations depend on the ability of BASF SE and other members of BASF Group 
to meet their payment obligations under intra-group loans provided to them by BASF Finance. In the event 
that a member of the BASF Group fails to make a payment under an intra-group loan, BASF Finance may 
not be able to meet its payment obligations under the Notes issued by it. 
All debt securities of BASF Finance (such as the Notes) are wholly and unconditionally guaranteed by 
BASF SE in respect of principal and interest payments. This Guarantee is enforceable under the laws of 
Germany. 
For the risk factors regarding BASF SE and BASF Group please see the separate section above. 
RISK FACTORS REGARDING THE NOTES 
The risk factors regarding the Notes are presented in the following categories depending on their nature 
with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
2. 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
3. 
Risks related to the Guarantor and the Guarantee 
4. 
Other related Risks 
1. 
Risks related to the nature of the Notes 
Market price risk, in particular with regard to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market 
interest rate levels or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Holders of Notes are 
therefore exposed to the risk of an unfavorable development of market prices of their Notes, which 
materializes if the Holders sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Holder of Notes 
decides to hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Different Rates of Interest may apply to the Notes which will result in a step-up or step-down of the 
applicable rate of interest (Step-up Fixed Rate Notes or Step-Down Fixed Rate Notes). The holder of such 
Notes is exposed to an increased risk that the nominal interest rate falls below the initially set interest rate 
and no assurance can be given that the respective investment will constitute an appropriate market return. 
In particular, a Holder of Fixed Rate Notes (including Step-up Fixed Rate Notes or Step-Down Fixed Rate 
Notes) is exposed to the risk that the price of such Notes falls as a result of changes in the market interest 
rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is fixed during the life of such Notes, the current interest rate on the capital market ("market interest 
rate") typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of Fixed Rate 
Notes also changes, but in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of Fixed 
Rate Notes typically falls, until the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of 
comparable issues. If the market interest rate falls, the price of Fixed Rate Notes typically increases, until 
the yield of such Notes is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. The same 
risk applies to Step-up Fixed Rate Notes or Step-Down Fixed Rate Notes if the market interest rates in 
respect of comparable Notes are higher than the rates applicable to such Notes. If the Holder of Fixed 
Rate Notes holds such Notes until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to 
such Holder as the Notes will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount 
of such Notes. 
A Holder of Floating Rate Notes is particularly exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and 
uncertain interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the profitability 
of Floating Rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate 
should be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any 
Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
17
 
Liquidity risk 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Prospectus to 
be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In 
addition, the Program provides that Notes may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are 
listed or not, there is a risk that no liquid secondary market for the Notes will develop or, if it does develop, 
that it will not continue. The fact that the Notes may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity 
as compared to unlisted Notes. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes 
may, however, be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. In an illiquid 
market, an investor is subject to the risk that he will not be able to sell his Notes at any time at fair market 
prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific reasons. 
2. 
Risks related to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Risk of early redemption 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether an Issuer may have the right to call the Notes prior to 
maturity (optional call right) on one or several dates determined beforehand or whether the Notes will be 
subject to early redemption upon the occurrence of an event specified in the applicable Final Terms (early 
redemption event). Furthermore, the Issuer has a right for termination in the case of Floating Rate Notes if 
a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Replacement Rate Adjustments cannot be 
determined following a Rate Replacement Event as set out in the Terms and Conditions. In addition, each 
Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the relevant Issuer is required to pay additional 
amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and Conditions. 
If the relevant Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due 
to an early redemption event, a Holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such early 
redemption his investment will have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be expected to exercise 
his optional call right if the yield on comparable Notes in the capital market has fallen which means that the 
investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a lower yield. On 
the other hand, the Issuer can be expected not to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable 
Notes in the capital market has increased. In this event, an investor will not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds in comparable Notes with a higher yield. It should be noted, however, that the 
relevant Issuer may exercise any optional call right irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
Specific risks regarding Floating Rate Notes linked to EURIBOR or LIBOR 
The interest rates of Floating Rate Notes are linked to reference rates such as the Euro Interbank Offered 
Rate (EURIBOR) or the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) which are deemed to be "benchmarks" 
(each a "Benchmark" and together, the "Benchmarks") and which are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective while others are still to be implemented. 
Following the implementation of such potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may 
change, with the result that they perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated 
entirely, or there could be consequences which cannot be predicted. Any changes to a Benchmark as a 
result of the BMR or other initiatives could have a material adverse effect on the costs of obtaining 
exposure to a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect 
of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of 
certain Benchmarks. For example, on 27 July 2017, the UK Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") 
announced that it will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR 
Benchmark after 2023 (the "FCA Announcement").  In a further announcement dated March 5, 2021 
regarding the future cessation or loss of representativeness of the 35 LIBOR benchmark settings, the FCA 
confirmed that (i) immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of all sterling, euro, Swiss franc and 
Japanese yen settings, and the 1-week and 2-months US dollar settings and (ii) immediately after June 
30, 2023, in the case of the remaining US dollar settings, all LIBOR settings will either cease to be 
provided by any administrator or no longer be representative. As a consequence, it is expected that LIBOR 
will cease to exist in the current form beyond the dates set out above. 
As of the end of the transitional period for the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the Union on 
December 31, 2020 ("Brexit transitional period") under the Agreement on the withdrawal of the United 
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland from the European Union, LIBOR no longer qualifies as a 
critical benchmark under the BMR. Accordingly, UK administrators included in the "ESMA register of

--- Page 18 ---
18
administrators and third-country benchmarks" ("ESMA register") will after the Brexit transitional period 
qualify as third country administrators and will be deleted from the ESMA register. However, during the 
BMR transitional period until December 31, 2023, as defined in BMR Article 51(5), this change of the 
ESMA register would not have an effect on the ability of EU27 supervised entities to use the benchmarks 
provided by those third country UK administrators. Therefore, until December 31, 2023, third country UK 
benchmarks may still be used even if they are not included in the ESMA register. 
As regards EURIBOR, the new hybrid calculation of EURIBOR has already been adapted to the 
requirements of the BMR. However, the EURIBOR is also subject to constant review and revision. It is 
currently not foreseeable whether EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently and beyond 2025 after 
LIBOR has expired. 
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such Benchmark will be determined 
for the relevant interest period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Notes. The Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes distinguish between fallback arrangements in the event that a published 
Benchmark, such as LIBOR or EURIBOR (including any screen page on which such Benchmark may be 
published (or any successor page)) becomes temporarily unavailable or permanently unavailable (so-
called Rate Replacement Event). 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for determining the rate of interest for a particular interest 
period, may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding interest period being used. This may result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed 
on the relevant screen page for the purposes of determining the rate of interest in respect of an interest 
period.  
If a Rate Replacement Event (which, amongst other events, includes the permanent discontinuation of the 
Benchmark) occurs, fallback arrangements will include the possibility that:  
(i) 
the relevant rate of interest could be determined by reference to a Replacement Rate determined by 
(i) the Issuer if in its opinion the Replacement Rate is obvious and as such without any reasonable 
doubt determinable by an investor that is knowledgeable in the respective type of bonds, such as the 
Notes, or (ii) failing which, an independent advisor (each the "Relevant Determining Party"); and  
(ii) 
such Replacement Rate may be adjusted (if required) by an Adjustment Spread (as defined in § 3 of 
the Terms and Conditions in Option II) to be applied to the Replacement Rate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value between the Issuer 
and the Holders that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Benchmark against 
the Replacement Rate. 
However, the Issuer may be unable to appoint an independent advisor at commercially reasonable terms, 
using reasonable endeavors or the Relevant Determining Party may not be able to determine a 
Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Rate Replacement Adjustments (as defined in § 3 
of the Terms and Conditions in Option II) in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Floating 
Rate Notes. If a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the Rate Replacement Adjustments 
cannot be determined, the rate of interest for the relevant interest period will be the rate of interest 
applicable as at the last preceding interest determination date before the occurrence of the Rate 
Replacement Event, or, where the Rate Replacement Event occurs before the first interest determination 
date, the rate of interest will be the initial rate of interest. Applying the initial rate of interest, or the rate of 
interest applicable as at the last preceding interest determination date before the occurrence of the Rate 
Replacement Event could result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant Benchmark performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would do if the relevant 
Benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Replacement Rate could be determined. Ultimately, a failure 
to determine the Replacement Rate and Adjustment Spread, if any, for the interest period immediately 
following a Rate Replacement Event will result either in the same Benchmark being applied for the 
determination of the relevant rates of interest until maturity of the Floating Rate Notes, effectively turning 
the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest (which will be the case if any attempt to determine a 
Replacement Rate and Adjustment Spread, if any, prior to each interest determination date fails), or that 
the Notes will be called by the Issuer at its sole discretion pursuant to § 3 of the Terms and Conditions in 
Option II. In the case that the same Benchmark will be applied for the determination of the relevant rates of 
interest until maturity of the Floating Rate Notes, a Holder would no longer participate in any favourable 
movements of market interest rates, including central banks' key interest rates, that would have been 
reflected in the relevant Benchmark rate if the Benchmark would not have been discontinued or otherwise 
been unavailable, and payments of interest under the Floating Rate Notes would be lower than they would 
have been had the Benchmark not been discontinued or otherwise been unavailable. 
On November 30, 2020, European legislators reached an agreement on the amendments to the BMR

--- Page 19 ---
19
which were proposed by the European Commission in July 2020. The proposed amendments were largely 
motivated by the anticipated discontinuation of LIBOR as of the end of 2021. Key points of the final 
agreement include, inter alia, the following: Implementing powers shall be conferred on the European 
Commission to designate a replacement rate to critical benchmarks such as LIBOR and EURIBOR which 
are referenced in financial instruments such as the Notes. On February 12, 2021, the "Regulation (EU) 
2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of February 10, 2021, amending the BMR as 
regards the exemption of certain third-country spot foreign exchange benchmarks and the designation of 
replacements for certain benchmarks in cessation" was published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union and the proposed amendments entered into force on February 13, 2021. As the designation power 
as provided for in the BMR, as amended, in principle only applies to financial instruments which do not 
contain a fallback provision at all or at least a suitable fallback provision, there is no assurance that the 
designation power will apply to the Notes. In any event, the Relevant Determining Party could take into 
consideration a designated replacement rate by the European Commission in accordance with the fallback 
provisions of the Notes. However, there is no guarantee that the European Commission will use its 
designation power and, accordingly, a replacement rate designated by the European Commission may not 
even be available.  
Also, even if a Replacement Rate was determined and an Adjustment Spread, if any, was applied to that 
Replacement Rate, such an Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic 
prejudice to the holders of Notes. 
Also, even if a Replacement Rate was determined and an Adjustment Spread, if any, was applied to that 
Replacement Rate, such an Adjustment Spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic 
prejudice to Holders. The application of an Adjustment Spread, if any, to a Replacement Rate may still 
result in Floating Rate Notes originally linked to or referencing a Benchmark to perform differently (which 
may include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the Benchmark were to continue to 
apply in its current form. 
In addition, the Relevant Determining Party may also establish that, consequentially, other amendments to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Floating Rate Notes are necessary to enable the operation of the 
Replacement Rate (which may include, without limitation, adjustments to the applicable business day 
convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any 
methodology or definition for obtaining or calculating the Replacement Rate). No consent of the Holders 
shall be required in connection with effecting any relevant Replacement Rate or any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments described above.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such 
Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of 
any relevant rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes 
or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes. Investors should note that, in the case of a replacement of a Benchmark the Relevant 
Determining Party will have discretion to adjust the Replacement Rate in the circumstances described 
above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and there can be no 
assurance that, due to the particular circumstances of each Holder, any such adjustment will be favorable 
to each Holder. 
Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes and/or any further 
changes in the administration or method for determining a Benchmark could have an effect on the value of 
any Notes whose interest is linked to or referencing the relevant Benchmark, investors should be aware 
that they face the risk that any changes to the relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on 
the value or the liquidity of, and the amounts payable under Notes whose rate of interest is linked to a 
Benchmark. 
Currency risk 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e. a currency which is different from the official 
currency where the investor is domiciled) is particularly exposed to the risk of changes in currency 
exchange rates, which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result from 
various factors such as macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central 
banks and governments. 
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corresponding 
change in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a corresponding change 
in the euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than euro in accordance with 
the terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the euro correspondingly 
rises, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder expressed 
in euro falls.

--- Page 20 ---
20
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may 
receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal at all. 
Risks related to Renminbi ("RMB")-denominated Notes 
RMB is not freely convertible at present. This may adversely affect the liquidity of the RMB denominated 
Notes ("RMB Notes"); the availability of RMB funds for servicing the RMB Notes may be subject to future 
limitations imposed by the PRC government. 
The PRC government continues to regulate conversion between RMB and foreign currencies, including 
the euro, despite the significant reduction over the years by the PRC government of control over routine 
foreign exchange transactions under current accounts. Currently participating banks in, inter alia, 
Frankfurt, London, Singapore, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan have been permitted to engage in the 
settlement of RMB trade transactions. This represents a current account activity.  
While there have been several reforms to further reduce governmental control over foreign exchange 
transactions in recent years, there is no assurance that the PRC government will continue to liberalize a 
control over cross-border RMB remittances in the future or that new PRC regulations will not be 
promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of RMB into or 
outside the PRC. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated outside the PRC in RMB, this may affect 
the overall availability of RMB outside the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source RMB to perform its 
obligations under RMB Notes. 
As a result of the restrictions imposed by the PRC government on cross-border RMB fund flows, the 
availability of RMB outside of the PRC is limited. Currently, licensed banks in Singapore, Hong Kong and 
Taiwan may offer limited RMB-denominated banking services to Singapore residents, Hong Kong 
residents, Taiwan residents and specified business customers. The People's Bank of China ("PBOC") has 
also established a RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in Hong Kong, Singapore, 
Taiwan, London, Frankfurt and Seoul. Each of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Singapore 
Branch, Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited, Bank of China, Taipei Branch, China Construction Bank 
(London) Limited, Bank of China, Frankfurt Branch and Bank of Communications, Seoul Branch (each an 
"RMB Clearing Bank") has entered into settlement agreements with the PBOC to act as the RMB clearing 
bank in Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan, London, Frankfurt and Seoul, respectively. 
However, the current size of RMB-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. RMB business 
participating banks do not have direct RMB liquidity support from the PBOC. They are only allowed to 
square their open positions with the relevant RMB Clearing Bank after consolidating the RMB trade 
position of banks outside Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan, London, Frankfurt and Seoul that are in the 
same bank group of the participating bank concerned with their own trade position and the relevant RMB 
Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from the PBOC for the purposes of squaring 
open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions, including open positions resulting 
from conversion services for corporations relating to cross-border trade settlement. The relevant RMB 
Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other 
foreign exchange transactions or conversion services and the participating banks will need to source RMB 
from the offshore market to square such open positions.  
Although it is expected that the offshore RMB market will continue to grow in depth and size, its growth is 
subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There is no 
assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the settlement agreements will not be 
terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of RMB offshore. 
The limited availability of RMB outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the RMB Notes. To the extent 
the Issuer is required to source RMB in the offshore market to service its RMB Notes, there is no 
assurance that the Issuer will be able to source such RMB on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
The value of the RMB against the euro and other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is 
affected by changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions and by many other 
factors. Except in the limited circumstances as described in the Conditions, the Issuer will make all 
payments of interest and principal with respect to the RMB Notes in RMB. As a result, the value of these 
RMB payments in euro or other applicable foreign currency terms may vary with the prevailing exchange 
rates in the marketplace. If the value of RMB depreciates against the euro or other applicable foreign 
currency, the value of a noteholder's investment in euro or other applicable foreign currency terms will 
decline.

--- Page 21 ---
21
If the Issuer cannot obtain RMB and is not able, or it is impracticable for it, to satisfy its obligation to pay 
interest and principal on the RMB Notes when due, in whole or in part, in RMB in the relevant RMB 
Settlement Centre as a result of Inconvertibility, Non transferability or Illiquidity (each, as defined in 
§ 4(7)(d) in the Terms and Conditions of Option I), the Issuer shall be entitled to postpone any such 
payment or, on giving not less than five or more than 30 days' irrevocable notice to the noteholders prior to 
the due date for payment, to settle any such payment, in whole or in part, in U.S. dollars on the due date at 
the U.S. Dollar Equivalent (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Option I) of any such interest or 
principal amount otherwise payable in RMB, as the case may be. The Issuer may early terminate the RMB 
Notes if it decides to settle payments at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent due to Inconvertibility, Non-
transferability or Illiquidity. 
Resolutions of Holders 
Since the Notes provide for meetings of Holders or the taking of votes without a meeting, a Holder is 
subject to the risk of being outvoted by a majority resolution of the Holders. As such majority resolution is 
binding on all Holders, certain rights of such Holder against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions 
may be amended or reduced or even cancelled. 
Holders' Representative 
Since the Notes provide for the appointment of a Holders' Representative, either in the Terms and 
Conditions or by a majority resolution of the Holders, it is possible that a Holder may be deprived of its 
individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such 
right passing to the Holders' Representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the 
rights of all the Holders. 
3. 
Risks related to the Guarantor and the Guarantee 
All debt securities of BASF Finance (such as the Notes) are wholly and unconditionally guaranteed by 
BASF SE in respect of principal and interest payments. This Guarantee is enforceable under the laws of 
Germany. 
For the risk factors regarding BASF SE and BASF Group please see the separate section above. 
4. 
Other related Risks 
Risks associated with Notes with a specific use of proceeds, such as Green Bonds 
The Final Terms relating to any series of Notes issued under the Program may provide that it will be the 
Issuer's intention to apply the net proceeds from an offer of such Notes specifically to finance and/or 
refinance in whole or in part new or existing projects and activities that promote climate-friendly, other 
environmental, sustainable and social purposes ("Eligible Projects" and such series of Notes a "Green 
Bond"). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the applicable Final Terms 
regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for 
the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. Green Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to "green" or 
"sustainable" or similarly labelled assets. Prospective investors who intend to invest in Green Bonds must 
determine for themselves the relevance of the information in this Prospectus (in particular, regarding the 
reasons for the offer and the use of proceeds) for the purpose of any investment in the Green Bonds 
together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary. In particular, no assurance is given 
by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) that the use of proceeds of any Green Bonds will meet or 
continue to meet on an ongoing basis any or all investor expectations regarding investment in "green 
bond", "green" "sustainable" or "social" or similarly labelled projects. No representation or assurance is or 
can be given by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any other person to investors as to the 
suitability of Green Bonds to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria required by prospective 
investors.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green" or "sustainable" or "social" or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as "green" or "sustainable" or "social" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be 
given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Green bond issues are subject of 
many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, standards, 
taxonomies and objectives. For example, at EU level, the Regulation (EU) 2020(852 ("Taxonomy 
Regulation") was published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 22 June 2020 and entered

--- Page 22 ---
22
into force on 12 July 2020. It will apply in part as of 1 January 2022 and will apply in whole as of 
1 January 2023. The Taxonomy Regulation tasks the European Commission with establishing the actual 
list of environmentally sustainability activities by defining technical screening criteria for each 
environmental objective through delegated acts. A first delegated act on sustainability activities for climate 
change adaptation and mitigation objectives (EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act) was published by the 
European Commission on 21 April 2021 which was part of a package of measures to help channel private 
money towards more sustainability investments. A second delegated act for the remaining objectives 
under the Taxonomy Regulation will be published in 2022. 
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria, opinions or certifications of third parties (whether 
or not solicited by the Issuer) may be made available to the Issuer (such opinion or certification a "Third 
Party Opinion"). For the avoidance of doubt, any such Third Party Opinion is not, nor shall be deemed to 
be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Prospectus. Such Third Party Opinion provides an opinion on 
certain environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or 
other aspects of an investment in Green Bonds including without limitation market price, marketability, 
investor preference or suitability of any security. Such Third Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a 
statement of fact. Any such Third Party Opinion is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such Third Party Opinion is only current as of the date that opinion 
was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such Third 
Party Opinion and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such Third Party Opinion for 
the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, the providers of such Third Party Opinions are not 
subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (as 
applicable) are responsible for any Third Party Opinion or other third party assessment of the Green 
Bonds. Nor is any Dealer responsible for any assessment of Green Bonds, or the monitoring of the use of 
proceeds. No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer of the Guarantor (if applicable) as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any such Third Party Opinion. In particular, no 
assurance or representation is made or given that any such Third Party Opinion reflects any present or 
future requirements, investment criteria or guidelines which may apply to any investor or its investments. 
Holders of Green Bonds will have no recourse against the provider(s) of any Third Party Opinion. 
In the event that any of the Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other similarly labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), or are included in any dedicated "green", "environmental", "sustainable" 
or other equivalently-labelled index, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable) or any other person that such listing or admission, or inclusion in such index, satisfies any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of 
any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that 
the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities 
market to another and also the criteria for inclusion in such index may vary from one index to another. No 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any other person 
that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in any such index, will be obtained in respect of 
Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in such index, will be 
maintained during the life of Green Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Eligible Projects in, 
or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the 
relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Projects will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for such Eligible Projects. Nor can there be 
any assurance by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any other person that such Eligible Projects 
will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related 
to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer or that no adverse environmental, 
social and/or other events will occur during the implementation of any Eligible Projects. Any such event or 
failure of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) to observe the provisions set out in the Final Terms for 
the Green Bonds relating to the use of proceeds of the Green Bonds or the Issuer's intentions as regards 
reporting, any negative change to, or withdrawal or suspension of, any Third Party Opinion, the issuance 
of a new third party opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with 
any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any Green Bonds no 
longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid will not 
constitute an Event of Default under the Notes but may have a material adverse effect on the value of the 
Green Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Eligible

--- Page 23 ---
23
Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in 
securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 24 ---
24
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE PROSPECTUS 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing Notes 
issued under the Program is entitled to use the Prospectus in Germany, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Ireland, The Netherlands and Northern Ireland or such other 
Member State whose competent authorities have been notified of the approval of this Prospectus for the 
subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (as 
determined in the applicable Final Terms) during which subsequent resale or final placement of the 
relevant Notes can be made, provided however, that the Prospectus is still valid in accordance with Article 
12 (1) of the Prospectus Regulation. Each of BASF and BASF Finance accepts responsibility for the 
information given in this Prospectus also with respect to such subsequent resale or final placement of the 
relevant Notes. 
The Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published 
before such delivery. Any supplement to the Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of BASF Group 
(www.basf.com). 
When using the Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain 
that it complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions, including 
with the restrictions specified in the "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS" and the 
"PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS" legends set out on the cover page of the 
applicable Final Terms, if any. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary the Dealer 
and/or the further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and 
conditions of the Notes at the time of that offer. 
Any Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary using the Prospectus shall state on its website 
that it uses the Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached to this 
consent.

--- Page 25 ---
25
BASF SE AS ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
The following selected financial data for the years 2020 and 2019 are excerpted from the Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements 
of 
BASF 
Group, 
which 
have 
been 
audited 
by 
KPMG 
AG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft ("KPMG"), THE SQUAIRE, Am Flughafen, 60549 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany, as the independent registered public accounting firm for BASF and for which unqualified 
auditor's reports have been issued in each case, and from the unaudited consolidated half-year financial 
statements of BASF Group as of June 30, 2021. KPMG is a member of the Chamber of Public 
Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer, Körperschaft des öffentlichen Rechts). Starting from January 1, 
2004, the accounting and reporting of the BASF Group is performed according to International Financial 
Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). 
For further information, please see Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements 2018 and 2019 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Investors should read the information below together with the consolidated financial statements of BASF 
Group, including the notes and restatement remarks thereto, and the other financial information that is 
included elsewhere in, or incorporated by reference into, this Prospectus. 
The financial year of BASF Group is the calendar year. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
BASF GROUP 
 
 
January 1, 2020 –
December 31, 2020 
January 1, 2019 –
December 31, 2019 
(restated)* 
January 1, 2019 –
December 31, 2019 
 
million EUR 
audited 
Sales** 
59,149 
59,316 
59,316
Income from operations before depreciation 
and amortization (EBITDA)** 
6,494 
8,185 
8,036
Income from operations (EBIT)** 
(191) 
4,201 
4,052
Net income 
(1,060) 
8,421 
8,421
Cash flows from operating activities 
5,413 
7,474 
7,474
 
 
 
December 31, 2020
December 31, 2019
 
million EUR 
audited
Total assets 
80,292 
86,950 
Stockholders' equity 
34,398 
42,350 
Noncurrent liabilities 
29,614 
27,996 
Current liabilities 
16,280 
16,604 
 
* 
Restated figures 2019 reflecting the reclassification of non-integral equity-accounted companies; for more information, see 
page 4 and page 18 of the Quarterly Statement Q1 2020. (Restated figures not audited). 
** Restated figures; for more information, see the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements from page 204 onward of 
the BASF Report 2019. 
 
 
January 1, 2021 -
June 30, 2021 
January 1, 2020 -
June 30, 2020 
 
million EUR 
unaudited 
Sales 
39,153 
29,433 
Income from operations before depreciation 
and amortization (EBITDA)1,  
6,375 
3,498 
Income from operations (EBIT)2,  
4,627 
1,515 
Net income 
3,372 
7 
Cash flows from operating activities 
2,012 
1,212

--- Page 26 ---
26
 
June 30, 2021
June 30, 2020 
 
million EUR 
unaudited 
Total assets 
82,938 
90,369 
Stockholders' equity 
38,087 
38,381 
Noncurrent liabilities 
25,317 
30,309 
Current liabilities 
19,534 
21,679 
 
1 
"EBITDA" is defined as income from operations before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and 
amortization include amortization and depreciation of, and valuation allowances (impairments and write-ups) on intangible 
assets and property, plant and equipment. 
2 
"EBIT" is defined as income from operations before interest and taxes. 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES ("APM") 
The Prospectus also uses the following alternative performance measures, not defined by IFRS, to 
describe the BASF Group's results of operations. These should not be viewed in isolation, but treated as 
supplementary information. 
BASF uses ROCE as the most important key performance indicator for steering the BASF Group. EBIT 
before special items and capex (capital expenditure) are key performance indicators for BASF that have a 
direct impact on ROCE and as such, support its management. 
Return on capital employed (ROCE) measures the profitability of the capital employed. ROCE is 
calculated as the EBIT of the segments as a percentage of the average cost of capital basis at each 
month-end. 
The special items used below to calculate some alternative performance measures arise from the 
integration of acquired businesses, restructuring measures, impairments, gains or losses resulting from 
divestitures and sales of shareholdings, and other material expenses and income that generally do not 
arise in conjunction with ordinary business activities. 
Adjusting for special items makes EBIT before special items an especially suitable figure for illustrating the 
development of operating business over time as well as for forecasts. It is therefore among the most 
important performance measures for managing the BASF Group. 
Income from operations before depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) describes operational 
performance independently of age-related amortization and depreciation of assets and any valuation 
allowances (impairments or write-ups). 
The values for the respective APM for the first half of 2021/2020 are shown on page 6 of the H1 Report 
2021. The values for the respective APM for the full year 2020/2019 are shown below. 
 
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items (million EUR) 
 
 
January 1, 
2020 – 
December 31, 
2020 
January 1, 2019 – 
December 31, 
2019 
(restated)* 
January 1, 2019 –
December 31, 
2019 
Income from operations (EBIT) 
(191) 
4,201 
4,052 
Special items 
(3,751) 
(442) 
(484) 
EBIT before special items
3,560
4,643 
4,536
 
 
Income from operations before depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) (million EUR) 
 
 
January 1, 
2020 – 
December 31, 
2020 
January 1, 2019 – 
December 31, 
2019 
(restated)* 
January 1, 2019 –
December 31, 
2019 
Income from operations (EBIT) 
(191) 
4,201 
4,052 
Amortization and depreciation of, and valuation 
allowances on, intangible assets and property, 
plant and equipment** 
6,685 
3,984 
3,984

--- Page 27 ---
27
 
January 1, 
2020 – 
December 31, 
2020 
January 1, 2019 – 
December 31, 
2019 
(restated)* 
January 1, 2019 –
December 31, 
2019 
EBITDA 
6,494
8,185 
8,036
* 
Restated figures 2019 reflecting the reclassification of non-integral equity-accounted companies; for more information, see 
page 4 and page 18 of the Quarterly Statement Q1 2020. (Restated figures not audited). 
** Excluding depreciation, amortization, impairments and reversals of impairments attributable to the discontinued 
construction chemicals business. 
 
 
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items (million EUR) 
 
 
April 1, 2021 –
June 30, 2021 
April 1, 2020 –
June 30, 2020 
Income from operations (EBIT) 
2,316 
59 
Special items 
(39) 
(167)  
EBIT before special items
2,355
226 
 
Income from operations before depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) (million EUR) 
 
 
January 1, 2021 –
December 31, 2021 
January 1, 2020 –
June 30, 2020 
Income from operations (EBIT) 
4,627 
1,515 
Depreciation and amortization 
1,748 
1,983 
  EBITDA 
6,375
3,498 
 
 
Return on capital employed (ROCE) (million EUR) 
 
 
January 1, 2020 
– December 31, 
2020 
January 1, 2019 
– December 31, 
2019 
(restated)* 
January 1, 2019 
– December 31, 
2019 
EBIT of BASF Group 
(191) 
4,201 
4,052 
EBIT of Other 
(1,203) 
(518) 
(667) 
EBIT of Segments 
1,012 
- 
4,719 
Cost of capital basis of segments, average of 
month-end figures 
60,111
- 
60,900 
ROCE in % 
1.7
- 
7.7
 
* 
Restated figures 2019 reflecting the reclassification of non-integral equity-accounted companies; for more information, see 
page 4 and page 18 of the Quarterly Statement Q1 2020. (Restated figures not audited). 
 
 
Capital employed (million EUR) 
 
 
January 1, 2020 –
December 31, 2020 
January 1, 2019 –
December 31, 2019 
Intangible assets 
14,249 
14,832 
Property, plant and equipment 
20,210 
20,472 
Investments accounted for using the equity 
method 
1,395 
1,527 
Inventories 
10,469 
11,593 
Accounts receivables 
9,379 
10,061 
Current and noncurrent other receivables and 
other assets* 
3,149 
1,913 
Assets of disposal groups 
1,260 
502 
Cost of capital basis of segments, average 
of month-end figures 
60,111
60,900 
Deviation from cost of capital basis at closing 
rates as of December 31 
(3,948) 
(1,534) 
Assets not included in the cost of capital  
24,129 
27,584 
    of which disposal group is the oil and gas  
- 
2,706

--- Page 28 ---
28
 
January 1, 2020 –
December 31, 2020 
January 1, 2019 –
December 31, 2019 
    business 
Assets of the BASF Group as of Dec 31 
80,292
86,950
 
* 
Including customer/supplier financing and other adjustments. 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The audited consolidated financial statements of BASF Group for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 
2019 and the auditors' report thereon, together contained in the BASF Report 2019 on pages 185-289, are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus.  
The audited consolidated financial statements of BASF Group for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 
2020 and the auditors' report thereon, together contained in the BASF Report 2020 on pages 212-312, are 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
The unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of BASF Group as of June 30, 2021, contained in 
the BASF Interim Report First Half 2021 on pages 23-46, are incorporated by reference into this 
Prospectus. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT BASF SE 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE ISSUER 
On April 6, 1865, the Badische Anilin- & Sodafabrik ("Baden Aniline and Soda Factory") was founded in 
Mannheim, Germany. BASF was incorporated as a stock corporation under the laws of Germany on 
January 30, 1952 under the name "Badische Anilin- und Soda-Fabrik AG". In 1973, BASF changed its 
name to BASF Aktiengesellschaft. BASF Aktiengesellschaft was registered until January 14, 2008 in the 
commercial register (Handelsregister) of the local court (Amtsgericht) Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany, 
under the entry number HRB 3000.  
The Annual Shareholders' Meeting of BASF shareholders on April 26, 2007 approved the proposal of the 
Board of Executive Directors and the Supervisory Board to convert BASF Aktiengesellschaft into a 
European Company (Societas Europaea, SE) with the name BASF SE. BASF SE is registered as of 
January 14, 2008 in the new legal form of a European Company (Societas Europaea, SE) in the 
commercial register (Handelsregister) of the local court (Amtsgericht) of Ludwigshafen am Rhein, 
Germany, under the entry number HRB 6000. As set forth in Art. 37 para. 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No. 
2157/2001 of October 8, 2001 on the Statute for a European Company (SE) this conversion neither 
resulted in the dissolution of the company nor in the establishment of a new legal person. Therefore, 
through such conversion BASF SE is the same legal person as BASF Aktiengesellschaft. 
The legal foundations of BASF SE's corporate constitution are primarily the SE Council Regulation of the 
European Union, the German SE Implementation Act and the German Stock Corporation Act. Despite 
these new legal foundations, the previous fundamental elements of BASF Aktiengesellschaft's corporate 
constitution remain unchanged in BASF SE: these are the two-tier system consisting of BASF's Board of 
Executive Directors and the Supervisory Board, the equal representation of shareholders and employees 
in the Supervisory Board and the shareholders' rights of co-administration and supervision at the Annual 
Shareholders' Meeting. 
BASF's headquarter is located in Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany; its registered office is located at 
Carl-Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany, telephone 0049-621-60-0. It operates under 
German law. Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of BASF is 529900PM64WH8AF1E917. The website of BASF is 
www.basf.com. The information on this website does not form part of the Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the Commission, unless specifically incorporated by reference into the 
Prospectus. 
Corporate purpose 
Pursuant to Article 2 of its Articles of Association: 
1. 
The purpose of BASF is to engage in the following areas of activity:  
• chemistry and related areas, 
• agriculture and nutrition,

--- Page 29 ---
29
• extraction and production of and dealing in oil, natural gas, mineral oil products and energies,  
• development and production of and dealing in products and the provision of services in the area 
of environmental technology,  
as well as the carrying out of any other activities incidental to the activity in said areas or conducive to 
promoting the same.  
2. 
BASF is authorized to establish branches both in Germany and abroad, and to establish and acquire 
business undertakings whose purposes are consistent with, related to or conducive to promoting the 
ones stipulated in No. 1, both in Germany and abroad, or to acquire interests therein.  
Term and dissolution 
BASF has been established for an indefinite period of time. BASF may be dissolved upon a resolution of 
the Shareholders' Meeting requiring a majority of at least three quarters of the share capital represented 
during the resolution. The assets of BASF remaining after servicing all liabilities are distributed among the 
shareholders pro rata to their shareholding in BASF pursuant to the provisions of the German Stock 
Corporation Act. 
Share capital 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the fully-paid share capital of BASF is unchanged since the date of the 
last published audited financial statements as of December 31, 2020 and amounts to EUR 
1,175,652,728.32 divided into 918,478,694 registered shares with no par value (Namensaktien) ("BASF 
Share(s)"). 
All of the BASF Shares are ordinary registered shares. Shareholders are obliged to have themselves 
registered with their shares into the company share register and to provide the information necessary for 
registration in the share register according to the German Stock Corporation Act. Only the persons listed in 
the share register are entitled to participate in the Annual Shareholders' Meetings and to vote as 
shareholders. Each BASF Share represents one vote. 
At the Annual Shareholders' Meeting of May 3, 2019, the shareholders authorized the Board or Executive 
Directors, with the consent of the Supervisory Board, to increase, up to May 2, 2024, on a one-off basis or 
in portions on a number of occasions, the company's subscribed capital by a total of up to 
EUR 470,000,000 by issuing new registered shares against contributions in cash or in kind (Authorized 
Capital). Shareholders are basically entitled to a subscription right. The new shares can be taken over by a 
bank appointed by the Board of Executive Directors with instructions to offer them to the shareholders 
(indirect subscription right). However, the Board of Executive Directors is authorized, with the consent of 
the Supervisory Board, to exclude the statutory subscription right of the shareholders, in order to acquire 
companies, parts of companies, or holdings in companies, in return for the transfer of shares in 
appropriate individual cases, as far as this is necessary to prevent dilution in order to grant the owners of 
option certificates and the creditors of convertible bonds that are issued by BASF or its affiliates in 
connection with an authorization granted to the Board of Executive Directors by the Shareholders' Meeting, 
a subscription right to the extent that this would be due to them after exercising the option or conversion 
right or after fulfilling conversion obligations, and in order to use any residual amounts. In the case of 
capital increases in return for cash contributions, the Board of Executive Directors is authorized to exclude 
the statutory subscription right of shareholders, if the issue price of the new shares is not substantially 
lower than the stock market price and the total number of shares issued under this authorization is not 
more than ten percent of the subscribed capital either at the time of the authorization coming into effect or 
– if this value is lower – at the time that the present authorization is exercised. 
At the Annual Shareholders' Meeting of May 12, 2017, shareholders authorized the Board of Executive 
Directors, with the approval of the Supervisory Board, to issue, on a one-off basis or in portions on more 
than one occasion, bearer or registered convertible bonds and/or bonds with warrants, or combinations of 
these instruments, with or without maturity limitations up to a nominal value of EUR 10,000,000,000 
through May 11, 2022. The calculated portion of the share capital represented by the BASF shares to be 
issued in connection with the debt instruments issued under this authorization may not exceed 10% of 
share capital. To this effect, share capital was increased conditionally by up to EUR 117,565,184 by 
issuing a maximum of 91,847,800 new registered BASF shares. The conditional capital increase will only 
be carried out to the extent to which holders of convertible bonds, or warrants attached to bonds with 
warrants issued, exercise their conversion or option rights. Until now, this authorization has not been 
exercised. 
At the Annual Shareholders' Meeting of May 12, 2017, shareholders authorized the Board of Executive 
Directors to buy back shares up until May 11, 2022, in accordance with Section 71(1) No. 8 of the German

--- Page 30 ---
30
Stock Corporation Act. The buyback cannot exceed 10% of the company's share capital at the time the 
resolution was passed and can take place via the stock exchange, a public purchase offer addressed to all 
shareholders, or a public request to the shareholders to submit sales offers. Until now, this authorization 
has not been exercised. 
BASF Group continually reviews its businesses and aligns them to achieve profitable and sustainable 
growth. BASF Group's significant recent acquisitions and divestitures are listed below: 
Acquisitions / Divestitures 
As of the date of this Prospectus, BASF Group acquired/formed joint ventures with the following 
businesses:  
• On September 1, 2021, it was announced that BASF completed the purchase of 49.5% of Vattenfall's 
wind farm Hollandse Kust Zuid (HKZ). The purchase price amounts to €0.3 billion. Including BASF's 
contribution to fund the wind farm construction, BASF's total commitment amounts to around €1.6 
billion. 
• On August 31, 2021, following the approval of all relevant authorities, the new BASF and Shanshan 
joint venture "BASF Shanshan Battery Materials Co., Ltd" was formed. This BASF majority-owned joint 
venture (BASF: 51%; Shanshan: 49%) has been formed to produce cathode active materials (CAM) 
and precursors (PCAM) in China. 
BASF Group divested / is in the process of divesting the following activities: 
• On July 6, 2021, BASF and Clayton, Dubilier & Rice announced, the signing of an agreement to sell 
Solenis to Platinum Equity, a private equity company based in Los Angeles, California. The transaction 
implies an enterprise value for Solenis of $5.25 billion. That amount includes net financial debt of 
around $2.5 billion, subject to any adjustments at closing. Since February 1, 2019, BASF has held a 
49% share in Solenis and has reported its share in the company using the equity method; 51% of the 
shares are held by funds managed by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, and by Solenis management. Pending 
approval by the relevant authorities, the closing of the transaction is expected before the end of 2021. 
• On June 30, 2021, BASF closed the divestiture of its global pigments business which BASF agreed to 
sell to DIC, Tokyo, Japan on August 29, 2019. The purchase price on a cash and debt-free basis was 
EUR 1.15 billion. 
• On May 31, 2021, BASF concluded the sale of its manufacturing site in Kankakee, Illinois, to an affiliate 
of One Rock Capital Partners, LLC, a U.S.-based private equity firm. The agreement includes the 
associated businesses of vegetable-oil-based sterols and natural vitamin E as well as anionic 
surfactants and esters produced at the Kankakee site. Branded as Kensing, the newly formed 
company has around 190 employees. 
• On September 30, 2020, BASF closed the divestiture of its construction chemicals business to an 
affiliate of Lone Star, a global private equity firm, as agreed in December 2019. The purchase price on 
a cash and debt-free basis was EUR 3.17 billion. The divested construction chemicals business had 
around 7,500 employees and operated production sites and sales offices in more than 60 countries. It 
generated sales of around EUR 2.6 billion in 2019. 
Planned Initial Public Offering of Wintershall Dea: 
• On June 16, 2021, the shareholders of Wintershall Dea – BASF and LetterOne – decided to postpone 
the initial public offering to a later date due to current market conditions. The IPO was previously 
planned for the second half of 2021, subject to market conditions. The IPO will occur post 2021. 
BASF financing policy remains unchanged: 
BASF's financing policy aims to ensure BASF's solvency at all times, limiting the risks associated with 
financing and optimizing its cost of capital. BASF preferably meets its external financing needs on the 
international capital markets. 
BASF strives to maintain a solid "A" rating, which ensures unrestricted access to financial and capital 
markets. BASF's financing measures are aligned with its operational business planning as well as the 
company's strategic direction and also ensure the financial flexibility to take advantage of strategic options. 
BASF has solid financing. Corporate bonds form the basis of BASF's medium to long-term debt financing. 
These are issued in euros and other currencies with different maturities as part of the EUR 20 billion debt 
issuance program. The goal is to create a balanced maturity profile, diversify BASF's investor base and 
optimize its debt capital financing conditions.

--- Page 31 ---
31
Capitalization and financial indebtedness 
The following table sets forth the consolidated capitalization of BASF Group as of December 31, 2020 and 
June 30, 2021: 
Stockholders' equity and liabilities (million EUR)
 
 
June 30, 2021
December 31, 2020
Stockholders' equity 
 
 
Subscribed capital 
1,176 
1,176 
Capital reserves 
3,115 
3,115 
Retained earnings 
38,174 
37,911 
Other comprehensive income 
(5,182) 
(8,474) 
Non-controlling interests 
804 
670 
 
38,087 
34,398 
Noncurrent liabilities 
 
 
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 
5,405 
8,566 
Other provisions 
1,591 
1,484 
Tax provisions and deferred tax liabilities 
1,775 
2,034 
Financial indebtedness 
14,954 
15,819 
Other liabilities 
1,592 
1,711 
 
25,317 
29,614 
Current liabilities 
 
 
Accounts payable, trade 
5,771 
5,291 
Provisions 
4,427 
2,825 
Tax liabilities 
1,401 
988 
Financial indebtedness 
4,364 
3,395 
Other liabilities* 
3,571 
3,440 
Liabilities of disposal groups 
- 
341 
 
 
 
Total stockholders' equity and liabilities
82,938 
80,292 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Income and expense items (million EUR)
 
 
January 1, 2021 -
June 30, 2021 
January 1, 2020 -
June 30, 2020 
Income after taxes 
3,604 
29 
 
 
 
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans 
3,374 
(231) 
Deferred taxes on non-reclassifiable gains/losses 
(868) 
(38) 
Non-reclassifiable gains/losses after taxes from equity-
accounted investments 
41 
(12) 
Non-reclassifiable gains/losses 
2,547 
(281) 
Unrealized gains/losses in connection with cash flow 
hedges 
(12) 
117 
Reclassification of realized gains/losses recognized in 
the income statement  
(10) 
10 
Fair value changes in options designated as cash flow 
hedges, net 
(22) 
127 
Unrealized gains/losses from currency translation 
650 
(528) 
Deferred taxes on reclassifiable gains/losses 
(1) 
(30) 
Reclassifiable gains/losses after taxes from equity-
accounted investments 
27 
(150)

--- Page 32 ---
32
Income and expense items (million EUR)
 
 
January 1, 2021 -
June 30, 2021 
January 1, 2020 -
June 30, 2020 
Reclassification of realized gains/losses recognized in 
the statement of income from investments accounted 
for using the equity method 
(14) 
- 
Reclassifiable gains/losses 
692 
(581) 
 
 
 
Other comprehensive income after taxes 
3,239 
(862) 
Comprehensive income 
6,843 
(833) 
The following table sets forth the consolidated capitalization of BASF Group as of December 31, 2020 and 
December 31, 2019: 
 
Stockholders' equity and liabilities (million EUR) 
 
 
 
December 31, 2020 
December 31, 2019 
Stockholders' equity 
Subscribed capital 
1,176
1,176
Capital reserves 
3,115
3,115
Retained earnings 
37,911
42,056
Other comprehensive income 
(8,474)
(4,850) 
Non-controlling interest 
670
853
 
Noncurrent liabilities 
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations 
8,566
7,683
Other provisions 
1,484
1,340
Tax provisions and deferred tax liabilities 
2,034
2,280
Financial indebtedness 
15,819
15,015
Other liabilities* 
1,711
1,678
 
Current liabilities 
Accounts payable, trade 
5,291
5,087
Provisions 
2,825
2,938
Tax liabilities 
988
756
Financial indebtedness 
3,395
3,362
Other liabilities* 
3,440
3,427
Liabilities of disposal groups 
341
1,034
 
Total stockholders' equity and liabilities 
80,292
86,950
 
 * 
Other liabilities were adjusted as of January 1, 2019, to reflect lease liabilities for right-of-use assets following the initial 
application of IFRS 16. 
 
Contingent liabilities (million EUR) 
December 31, 2020 
December 31, 2019 
Bills of exchange 
2
6
Guarantees 
347
447
Warranties 
79
65
Collateral granted on behalf of third-party liabilities 
-
1
Total 
428
519
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
 
Income and expense items (million EUR) 
 
 
 
January 1, 2020 – 
December 31, 2020 
January 1, 2019 – 
December 31, 2019 
Income after taxes 
(1,075)
8,491
 
Remeasurement of defined benefit plans 
(1,376)
(706) 
Deferred taxes on non-reclassifiable gains/losses 
422
359

--- Page 33 ---
33
Non-reclassifiable gains/losses after taxes from 
equity-accounted investments 
(19)
(46) 
Non-reclassifiable gains/losses 
(973)
(393) 
 
Unrealized gains/losses from fair value changes in 
securities measured at FVOCI* 
-
-
Reclassifications of realized gains/losses 
recognized in the income statement 
-
-
Fair value changes in securities measured at 
FVOCI, net 
-
-
 
Unrealized gains/losses from cash flow hedges 
14
25
Reclassifications of realized gains/losses 
recognized in the income statement 
65
54 
Fair value changes in derivatives designated as 
cash flow hedges, net 
79
79 
 
Unrealized gains/losses from currency translation 
(1,612)
481
Reclassification of realized gains/losses from 
currency translation recognized in the statement of 
income 
71
834
Deferred taxes for gains/losses that can be 
reclassified 
(5)
(28)
Reclassifiable gains/losses after taxes from equity-
accounted shareholdings 
(1,286)
(9) 
 
Other comprehensive income after tax 
(3,726)
964 
 
Comprehensive income 
(4,801)
9,455
 
 * 
FVOCI: fair value through other comprehensive income 
Dividend policy 
The Board of Executive Directors and the Supervisory Board of BASF propose dividends based on BASF 
SE's year-end unconsolidated financial statements. The proposal is then voted on at BASF's Annual 
Shareholders' Meeting. The Annual Shareholders' Meeting is usually convened during the second quarter 
of each year. BASF aims to increase its dividend each year. 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
BASF SE is the largest operating company and the ultimate parent company of the BASF Group. BASF 
Group is a transnational chemical company that comprises the parent company and 273 fully consolidated 
subsidiaries including BASF SE as of December 31, 2020. In addition, nine joint operations are 
consolidated on a proportional basis, and 25 companies are accounted for using the equity method.  
BASF has eleven divisions grouped into six segments as follows: 
• Chemicals: Petrochemicals and Intermediates 
• Materials: Performance Materials and Monomers 
• Industrial Solutions: Dispersions & Pigments (renamed Dispersions & Resins as of July,1, 2021) and 
Performance Chemicals 
• Surface Technologies: Catalysts & Coatings  
• Nutrition & Care: Care Chemicals and Nutrition & Health 
• Agricultural Solutions: Agricultural Solutions 
In line with BASF’s corporate strategy, the operating divisions, service units, the regions and a Corporate 
Center have formed the cornerstones of the BASF organization since January 1, 2020. BASFs divisions 
bear operational responsibility here and are organized according to sectors or products. They manage

--- Page 34 ---
34
BASF’s 52 global and regional business units and develop strategies for the 75 strategic business units. 
The regional and country units represent BASF locally and support the growth of business units with local 
proximity to customers. For financial reporting purposes, BASF organize the regional divisions into four 
regions: Europe; North America; Asia Pacific; South America / Africa / Middle East. Together with the 
development units in its operating divisions, the three global research divisions – Process Research & 
Chemical Engineering, Advanced Materials & Systems Research and Bioscience Research – safeguard 
its innovative capacity and competitiveness. Five service units provide competitive services for the 
operating divisions and sites: Global Engineering Services; Global Digital Services; Global Procurement; 
European Site & Verbund Management; Global Business Services (finance; human resources; 
environmental protection, health and safety; intellectual property; communications; procurement, supply 
chain and inhouse consulting services). 
The Corporate Center units support the Board of Executive Directors in steering the company as a whole. 
These include central tasks from the following areas: strategy; finance; law, compliance and tax; 
environmental protection, health and safety; human resources; communications; investor relations and 
internal audit. 
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
General 
In accordance with the maintained two-tier administrative system, BASF has a Board of Executive 
Directors (Vorstand) and a Supervisory Board (Aufsichtsrat). The two boards are separate, and no 
individual is simultaneously a member of both boards. 
The Board of Executive Directors is responsible for managing the business of BASF in accordance with 
the German Stock Corporation Act and BASF's Articles of Association. The Board of Executive Directors 
also represents BASF in its dealings with third parties and in court. 
The principal function of the Supervisory Board is to appoint and supervise the Board of Executive 
Directors. The Supervisory Board may not make management decisions, but BASF's Articles of 
Association or the Supervisory Board itself may require the prior consent of the Supervisory Board for 
certain types of transactions. 
Members of both the Board of Executive Directors and the Supervisory Board owe a duty of loyalty and 
care to BASF. In exercising these duties, the applicable standard of care is that of a diligent and prudent 
business person. Members of both boards must take into account a broad range of considerations when 
making decisions, foremost the interests of BASF, including its shareholders, employees and creditors 
and, to a certain extent, the interests of society. The members of the Board of Executive Directors and the 
Supervisory Board are personally liable to BASF for breaches of their duties of loyalty and care. 
None of the members of the Supervisory Board or the Board of Executive Directors of BASF have any 
conflicts of interests between any duties to BASF and their private interests or other duties. The members 
of the Supervisory Board and of the Board of Executive Directors can be contacted at the address of the 
headquarters of BASF. 
Board of Executive Directors 
The number of members of the Board of Executive Directors is determined by the Supervisory Board, 
subject to a minimum of two members. As of the date of this Prospectus, BASF's Board of Executive 
Directors has six members. 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association of BASF, any two members of the Board of Executive Directors or 
one member and the holder of a special power of attorney (Prokura) may legally bind BASF. 
The Board of Executive Directors must report regularly to the Supervisory Board on the current business 
of BASF, on its business policies and other fundamental matters regarding the future conduct of its 
business, on its profitability, particularly on its return on equity, on the risk exposure of BASF and the risk 
management, as well as on any exceptional matters that may arise from time to time. The Supervisory 
Board is also entitled to request special reports at any time. 
The Supervisory Board appoints members to the Board of Executive Directors for a maximum term of five 
years. Members of the Board of Executive Directors may be re-appointed (even prior to the expiration of 
her or his term) or have their terms extended for one or more terms. Each re-appointment or extension 
shall have a maximum term of five years. 
Under certain circumstances, such as a serious breach of duty or a bona fide vote of no confidence by a 
majority of votes at a Shareholders' Meeting, a member of the Board of Executive Directors may be 
removed by the Supervisory Board prior to the expiration of her or his term. A member of the Board of

--- Page 35 ---
35
Executive Directors may not deal with or vote on matters relating to proposals, arrangements or contracts 
between that member and BASF. 
The Articles of Association of BASF require decisions of the Board of Executive Directors to be made by a 
simple majority unless the law requires a larger majority. In case of a tie, the chairman has the casting 
vote. 
At the Supervisory Board meeting on December 17, 2020, Dr. Melanie Maas-Brunner (52) was appointed 
as a member of the Board of Executive Directors effective February 1, 2021. It was also announced that 
Wayne T. Smith (60) would leave the Board as of May 31, 2021. 
The following table shows the current members of BASF's Board of Directors and a list of responsibilities 
of outside directorships: 
 
Name 
Main Area of Responsibility  
Membership on supervisory 
and advisory boards 
Dr. Martin Brudermüller 
Chairman of the Board of Executive 
Directors, responsible for Corporate 
Legal, Compliance, 
Tax & Insurance; Corporate 
Development; Corporate 
Communications & Government 
Relations; Corporate Human 
Resources; Corporate Investor 
Relations 
 Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Mercedes-Benz AG 
, Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Daimler AG 
Dr. Hans-Ulrich Engel 
Vice Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Financial Officer, responsible 
for Corporate Finance; Corporate 
Audit; Global Business Services; 
Global Digital Services; Global 
Procurement 
Deputy Chairman of the 
Supervisory Board of 
Wintershall Dea, Chairman of 
the Supervisory Board of 
Wintershall AG and member 
of the Shareholders’ 
Committee of Nord Stream 
AG 
Michael Heinz 
Monomers, Performance 
Materials, Petrochemicals, 
Intermediates, Region North 
America and South 
America 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Wintershall Dea and 
Chairman of the 
Administrative Council of 
BASF Antwerpen N.V. 
Dr. Markus Kamieth 
Responsible for Catalysts, 
Coatings, Dispersions & Pigments, 
Performance Chemicals, Greater 
China, South & East Asia, ASEAN 
& Australia/New Zealand, Mega 
Projects Asia 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of Solenis UK 
International Ltd.  
Dr. Melanie Maas-Brunner 
 
Corporate Environmental 
Protection, Health & Safety, 
European Site & Verbund 
Management, Global Engineering 
Services, Advanced Materials & 
Systems Research, Bioscience 
Research, Process Research & 
Chemical Engineering, BASF New 
Business 
- 
Saori Dubourg 
Responsible for Agricultural 
Solutions, Care Chemicals, 
Nutrition & Health, Region Europe 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board of Wintershall Dea 
 
Supervisory Board 
In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Board of BASF SE comprises twelve 
members. Pursuant to Sec. 35 para. 1 of the German Act on the Participation of Employees in a European 
Company (Gesetz über die Beteiligung der Arbeitnehmer in einer Europäischen Gesellschaft, SEBG) and

--- Page 36 ---
36
the Agreement Concerning the Involvement of Employees in BASF SE (Employee Participation 
Agreement) signed on November 15, 2007 by the company management and the representatives of BASF 
Group's European employees, seats on the Supervisory Board are accorded following the principle of 
parity. The six shareholder representatives on the Supervisory Board of BASF SE are elected by the 
Shareholders' Meeting. By way of derogation from Sec. 40 (2) of the Council Regulation (EC) 
No. 2157/2001, the six employee representatives are not elected by the Shareholders' Meeting, but 
appointed by the representative body of the employees, the BASF Europa Betriebsrat, in accordance with 
the Employee Participation Agreement. The term of office of the Supervisory Board commenced following 
the Annual Shareholders' Meeting on May 3, 2019, in which the shareholder representatives on the 
Supervisory Board were elected. It terminates upon conclusion of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting, 
which resolves on the discharge of members of the Supervisory Board for the fourth complete financial 
year after the term of office commenced; this is the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in 2024. Dr. Jürgen 
Hambrecht resigned as Chairman from the Supervisory Board effective upon conclusion of the Annual 
Shareholders' Meeting on May 3, 2020 and was succeeded by Dr. Kurt Bock. 
At the Supervisory Board meeting on July 22, 2020, Dr. Alexander C. Karp, CEO Palantir Technologies 
Inc., resigned from his position as a member of BASF SE's Supervisory Board for professional reasons. 
To replace Dr. Karp, Liming Chen, 60, chairman of IBM Greater China Group joined the Supervisory Board 
by way of resolution dated October 8, 2020. Mr. Chen was subsequently elected at the Annual 
Shareholders’ Meeting of BASF SE on April 29, 2021. 
Any Supervisory Board member elected by the shareholders at BASF's Shareholders' Meeting may be 
removed by a resolution of the Shareholders' Meeting. Any board member elected by the employees may 
be removed upon request of the employees. The Supervisory Board appoints a chairman and one or more 
deputy chairmen from among its members. According to Art. 42 sentence 2 SE Regulation, it is mandatory 
that the chairman of the Supervisory Board is a shareholder representative. The chairman is appointed 
with the majority of the votes of the members present or represented. In order to ensure that this principle 
is adhered to for the election of the chairman, it is stipulated in Article 11 No. 1 of the Articles of 
Association of BASF SE that during the election of the chairman of the Supervisory Board the oldest 
member in terms of age of the shareholder representative acts as the chairman and has therefore the 
casting vote. Pursuant to the agreement concerning the involvement of employees in BASF SE, one of the 
deputy chairmen shall be elected at the proposal of the employee representatives. Compensation for 
Supervisory Board members is determined by BASF's Articles of Association. 
At least half of the total required number of members of the Supervisory Board must be present or 
participate in decision-making to constitute a quorum. Unless otherwise provided for by law or BASF's 
Articles of Association, resolutions are passed by a simple majority of the votes cast. In the event of a tie, 
the chairman has a casting vote. 
The following table shows the current members of BASF's Supervisory Board at the date of this 
Prospectus and their principal occupation: 
Name 
Principal occupation 
Dr. Kurt Bock 
Chairman 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of BASF SE 
Sinischa Horvat(1) 
Vice Chairman 
Chairman of the BASF Europe Works Council; 
Chairman of the Joint Works Council of BASF Group; 
Chairman of the Works Council of the Ludwigshafen site of BASF SE 
Franz Fehrenbach 
Vice Chairman 
Chairman of the supervisory board of Robert Bosch GmbH 
Prof. Dr. Thomas Carell 
Professor for Organic Chemistry at Ludwig Maximilians University 
Munich 
Tatjana Diether(1) 
Member of the Works Council of BASF SE, Ludwigshafen Site and of 
the BASF Works Council Europe 
Dame Alison J. Carnwath DBE 
Senior Advisor Evercore Partners 
Liming Chen 
Chairman of IBM Greater China Group 
Waldemar Helber(1) 
Deputy Chairman of the Works Council of BASF SE, Ludwigshafen Site 
Roland Strasser(1) 
Regional Manager of the Rhineland-Palatinate/Saarland branch of IG 
BCE 
Anke Schäferkordt 
Member of the supervisory board of Serviceplan Group Management 
SE

--- Page 37 ---
37
Name 
Principal occupation 
Member of supervisory bodies of Wayfair Inc. 
Denise Schellemans(1) 
Full-time trade union delegate  
Michael Vassiliadis(1) 
Chairman of the Mining, Chemical and Energy Industries Union  
(1) 
Employee representative 
BASF SE's Supervisory Board established a total of four Supervisory Board Committees: the Personnel 
Committee, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Strategy Committee. 
Employees 
As of December 31, 2020, the number of employees decreased to 110,302 employees compared 
with 117,628 employees as of December 31, 2019. The decrease was due primarily to the sale of the 
construction chemicals business, which affected around 7,500 employees. An offsetting factor was 
the acquisition of Solvay’s polyamide business due to which the BASF Group’s number of employees 
rose by around 1,200 people – including the employees of the Butachimie SNC and Alsachimie 
S.A.S. joint operations, both in Chalampé, France – which were counted on a pro rata basis. The 
BASF Group’s expenses for wages and salaries, social security contributions and pensions and 
assistance in 2020 totaled €10,576 million (2019: €10,924 million). The decrease in personnel 
expenses was primarily due to lower bonus provisions and the lower average number of employees 
which resulted, in particular, from the divestiture of the construction chemicals business. A higher 
wage and salary level as well as higher pension expenses because of increased service costs had 
an offsetting effect. 
 
The following table details BASF Group's workforce on a regional basis as of December 31, 2020 
and 2019, respectively: 
 
2020 
2019 
Europe 
68,849 
72,153 
    Thereof Germany 
51,961 
54,028 
North America 
16,948 
19,355 
Asia Pacific 
17,753 
18,634 
South America, Africa, Middle East 
6,752 
7,486 
Total 
110,302 
117,628 
Credit ratings 
S&P Global Ratings ("S&P")1,5 has assigned the long-term credit rating "A"3,4 (outlook stable) to BASF. 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd. ("Moody's")2,5 has assigned an "A3"4,6 rating (outlook stable). Fitch Ratings 
(Warsaw) ("Fitch") has assigned an "A" rating (outlook stable)7,8. 
                                                 
1 
S&P is established in the European Community and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of September 16, 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
2 
Moody's is established in the European Community and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
3 
S&P has assigned the long-term credit rating A (outlook stable) to BASF, which indicates that the Issuer has a strong 
capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat susceptible to adverse economic conditions and change in 
circumstances.  
4 
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of the 
entity being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised 
or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
5 
The European Securities and Markets Authority publishes on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) a list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated 
within five working days following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European 
Commission shall publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such 
update. 
6 
Moody's has assigned an "A3" rating (outlook stable) which means that obligations of the Issuer are judged to be upper-
medium grade and are subject to low default risk and that the Issuer has a strong ability to repay short-term debt 
obligations. 
7 
Fitch is established in the European Community and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
8 
Fitch has assigned the long-term credit rating A (outlook stable) to BASF, which indicates that the Issuer has a strong 
capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions.

--- Page 38 ---
38
BUSINESS OVERVIEW – PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND PRINCIPAL MARKETS 
Introduction 
With around 110,000 employees, six Verbund sites and 241 additional production sites worldwide BASF 
Group supports customers and partners in almost every country in the world. The portfolio ranges from 
chemicals, plastics, performance products to crop protection products. 
For the year ended December 31, 2020, BASF Group reported sales of EUR 59,149 million, income from 
operations before special items of EUR 3,560 million. 
Markets and sites 
BASF has companies in more than ninety countries and supplies products to a large number of business 
partners in nearly every part of the world. In 2020, BASF Group achieved 39% of its sales with customers 
in Europe. In addition, 27% of sales were generated in North America; 26% in Asia Pacific; and 8% in 
South America, Africa and Middle East. BASF Group operates six Verbund sites as well as 241 additional 
production sites worldwide. The Verbund site in Ludwigshafen is one of the largest integrated chemical 
complexes in the world. This was where the concept of integrated production facilities (the "Verbund") 
was developed and continuously optimized before it was applied to other sites around the world. 
The Production Verbund, for example, intelligently links production plants and thereby creates efficient 
value chains from basic chemicals right through to high value-added products such as aroma chemicals or 
crop protection products. In addition, by-products from one plant can be used as raw materials elsewhere. 
With this closely interlinked production system, BASF Group saves raw materials and energy costs. 
Another important part of the Verbund concept is the Energy Verbund, in which steam from production 
processes is not discharged into the environment but is captured to be used as an energy source at other 
production plants, thus making a major contribution to energy efficiency. 
Organization of BASF Group 
BASF's activities have been grouped into six segments: Chemicals, Materials, Industrial Solutions, 
Surface Technologies, Nutrition & Care and Agricultural Solutions. BASF's divisions bear operational 
responsibility and are organized according to sectors or products. They manage BASF's 52 global and 
regional business units and develop strategies for the 75 strategic business units. For detailed information 
please refer to chapter "organizational structure". 
BASF Group strategy 
BASF's aspiration is to be the world's leading chemical company for its customers, grow profitably and 
create value for society. With BASF's updated corporate strategy, which was announced in November 
2018, BASF is targeting profitable growth. BASF aims to grow organically and thus will strengthen its 
customer focus. The Asian market plays an important role in BASF's growth strategy. With a share of 
more than 40%, China is already the largest chemical market and drives the growth of global chemical 
production. By 2030, China's share will increase to nearly 50%, and BASF wants to participate in this 
growth. To drive forward BASF's growth in this market, BASF plans to build an integrated Verbund site in 
Zhanjiang in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong. BASF also wants to expand its existing joint 
venture with Sinopec in Nanjing.  
BASF Strategic Targets 
BASF wants to grow faster than the market, further increase profitability, achieve a return on capital 
employed (ROCE) considerably above the cost of capital percentage and increase the dividend per share 
every year based on a strong free cash flow. In addition to these financial targets, BASF pursue broad 
sustainability targets. For example, the new BASF 2030 goal is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from 
its production sites and energy purchases worldwide by 25 percent compared with 2018 while growing 
production volumes. BASF want to strengthen the sustainability focus of its product portfolio and 
significantly increase sales of Accelerator products. BASF also strive to strengthen sustainability in its 
supply chains and use natural resources responsibly. BASF wants to further improve safety in production. 
In addition, BASF aim to promote diversity within the company and create a working environment in which 
its employees feel that they can thrive and perform at their best. 
The objective of these targets is to steer the business into a sustainable future, and at the same time, 
contribute to the implementation of the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). BASF is 
focusing on issues where it as a company can make a significant contribution, such as climate protection, 
sustainable consumption and production, and fighting hunger.

--- Page 39 ---
39
Profitable growth 
• Grow sales volumes faster than global chemical production every year  
• Increase EBITDA before special items by 3% to 5% per year  
• Achieve a return on capital employed (ROCE) considerably above the cost of capital percentage every 
year  
• Increase the dividend per share every year based on a strong free cash flow  
Effective climate protection 
• Reduce absolute CO2 emissions by 25 percent by 2030 compared with 2018 (updated in 2021) 
• Achieve net zero CO2 emissions by 2050 
Sustainable product portfolio 
• Achieve EUR 22 billion in Accelerator sales by 2025  
 Responsible procurement 
• Cover 90% of BASF's relevant spend with sustainability evaluations by 2025 
• Have 80% of BASF's suppliers improve their sustainability performance upon re-evaluation  
• Reduce worldwide process safety incidents per 200,000 working hours to ≤0.1 by 2025  
Resource efficiency and safe production 
• Reduce the worldwide lost-time injury rate per 200,000 working hours to ≤0.1 by 2025  
• Introduce sustainable water management at all production sites in water stress areas and at all 
Verbund sites by 2030  
Employee engagement and diversity 
• Increase the proportion of women in leadership positions with disciplinary responsibility to 30% by 2030  
• More than 80% of employees feel that at BASF, they can thrive and perform at their best  
New roadmap to climate neutrality 
At its Capital Markets Day on March 26, 2021, BASF presented its roadmap to climate neutrality. BASF is 
setting itself even more ambitious goals than in the past and wants to achieve net zero emissions by 2050. 
Based on the most recent progress in developing low-emission and CO2-free technologies, the company is 
also significantly raising its medium-term 2030 target for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions: BASF 
now wants to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions worldwide by 25% compared with 2018 – and to 
achieve this despite targeted growth and the construction of an integrated Verbund site in Zhanjiang, 
China. Overall, BASF plans to invest up to €1 billion by 2025 to reach its new climate target and a further 
€2 billion to €3 billion by 2030. 
BASF's strategic action areas 
BASF has defined a number of strategic action areas through which it will sharpen its customer focus. 
Innovation 
Innovation is the bedrock of BASFs success. BASF is an innovation leader in the chemical industry, with 
around 10,000 employees in research and development and R&D spending of around €2.1 billion. BASF 
continue to build on these strengths by bringing research and development closer together and making its 
customers’ demands a greater part of its innovation process. BASF involve them at an earlier stage and 
are expanding its partnerships with customers and external partners. Having a balanced innovation 
pipeline lays the foundation for future growth: BASF is working intensively on pioneering product, process 
and business model innovations, for example in chemical recycling, battery technologies, the low-carbon 
production of basic chemicals and the digitalization of agriculture. At the same time, BASF is driving 
forward incremental product improvements in all business units that offer its customers sustainability 
and/or cost advantages, such as in lightweight construction for the automotive industry and energy-
efficient building materials. 
Sustainability 
BASF is successful in the long term when its products, solutions and technologies add value to the 
environment, society and the economy. BASF wants to be a thought leader in sustainability and increase 
the relevance of sustainability in its decision-making processes and business models. This secures the

--- Page 40 ---
40
long-term success of the company, creates business opportunities and establishes BASF as a key partner 
supporting its customers. For more information on the integration of sustainability, see page 42 onward of 
the annual BASF Report 2020 incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Operations 
BASF is committed to running its production safely, efficiently and reliably so that BASF can deliver 
products to its customers on spec and on time. BASF aims to further improve the reliability and availability 
of its plants, as well as its agility. Above and beyond this, continuous process improvements and effective 
debottlenecking of BASF's existing asset base are paramount to ensure BASF's competitiveness.  
Digitalization 
BASF wants to make digitalization an integral part of BASF's business. This will create additional value for 
BASF's customers, grow BASF's business and improve efficiency. By promoting comprehensive digital 
skills among BASF's future leaders and its entire workforce, BASF will ensure that the necessary 
resources are available.  
Portfolio 
The acquisitions and divestitures made in the past few years have oriented BASFs portfolio toward 
innovation-driven growth areas. For example, the acquisition of the integrated polyamide business from 
Solvay and the purchase of various businesses from Bayer further strengthened BASFs position in 
engineering plastics and in the agricultural sector. BASF completed the divestiture of its construction 
chemicals business to Lone Star in 2020 as planned and closed the sale of its pigments business to DIC in 
2021. The Asian market will play a key role in future growth. With a share of more than 40%, China is 
already the world’s largest chemical market and drives the growth of global chemical production. BASF 
expect this share to increase to around 50% by 2030. Strong innovation, production and sales base in 
China enables BASF to respond to the needs of its customers in a differentiated way. To further 
strengthen its position in this dynamic growth market, BASF plan to build an integrated Verbund site in 
Zhanjiang in the southern Chinese province of Guangdong. Construction of the first plants started in 2020. 
BASF is also systematically expanding its battery materials business to serve the fast-growing e-mobility 
market. This can be seen with the recent announcement to form a joint venture with Shanshan, a leading 
lithium-ion battery materials supplier serving both the e-mobility and the consumer electronics (CE) 
market. For further information see "Recent Events" below. 
Employees 
BASF aims to clearly position each business against its relevant competitors and establish a high-
performance organization to enable BASF to be successful in an increasingly competitive market 
environment. BASF will adapt its business models and organizational structures so that each business unit 
can optimally serve its market segment. BASF's people are what will make the implementation of BASF's 
updated strategy successful. BASF relies on the engagement of its employees and give them the tools 
and skills necessary to be able to offer BASF's customers differentiated and customized products and 
services. For more information on employees, see page 144 onward of the annual BASF Report 2020 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
Corporate Values 
BASF's maintains its four core values – creative, open, responsible, entrepreneurial.  
Creative: BASF makes great products and solutions for its customers. This is why BASF embraces bold 
ideas and give them space to grow. BASF acts with optimism and inspire one another.  
Open: BASF values diversity, in people, opinions and experience. This is why BASF fosters feedback 
based on honesty, respect and mutual trust. BASF learns from its setbacks.  
Responsible: BASF values the health and safety of people above all else. BASF makes sustainability part 
of every decision. BASF is committed to strict compliance and environmental standards.  
Entrepreneurial: BASF focuses on its customers, as individuals and as a company. BASF seizes 
opportunities and think ahead. BASF takes ownership and embrace personal accountability.  
Global standards 
BASF's standards fulfill or exceed existing laws and regulations and take internationally recognized 
principles into account. BASF respects and promotes:  
• The 10 principles of the U.N. Global Compact  
• The Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the two U.N. Human Rights Covenants

--- Page 41 ---
41
• The core labor standards of the ILO and the Tripartite Declaration of Principles Concerning 
Multinational Enterprises and Social Policy (MNE Declaration)  
• The OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises  
• The Responsible Care® Global Charter  
• The German Corporate Governance Code  
BASF stipulates rules for its employees with standards that apply throughout the Group. BASF sets itself 
goals with voluntary commitments and monitor its performance in terms of environmental protection, 
health and safety using BASF's Responsible Care Management System. In terms of labor and social 
standards, this takes place using three elements: The Compliance Program (including the compliance 
hotlines, which can be used for internal and external questions or complaints), close dialog with BASF's 
stakeholders (such as with employee representatives or international organizations), and the global 
management process to respect international labor norms.  
BASF's business partners are expected to comply with prevailing laws and regulations and to align their 
actions with internationally recognized principles. BASF has established appropriate monitoring systems to 
ensure this.  
Value-Based Management 
From the 2019 business year onward, the return on capital employed (ROCE) replaced EBIT after cost of 
capital as the most important key performance indicator for steering the BASF Group. ROCE already 
replaced the return on assets as the metric for variable compensation in 2018.  
The BASF Group's steering concept 
From the 2019 business year onward, EBIT after cost of capital was replaced by the return on capital 
employed (ROCE). This is calculated as the EBIT generated by the segments as a percentage of the 
average cost of capital basis. As stated in BASF's strategic goals, BASF aims to achieve a ROCE above 
the cost of capital percentage every year.  
Value-based management throughout the company  
EBIT before special items and capex (capital expenditure) are key performance indicators for BASF that 
have a direct impact on ROCE and as such, support BASF's management.  
EBIT before special items is used to steer profitability at Group and segment level. Capex is used to 
manage capital employed in the BASF Group. Capex is not just relevant to ROCE management, but also 
supports BASF's long-term goal to increase BASF's dividend each year based on a strong free cash flow.  
Furthermore, BASF will continue to comment on and forecast sales at Group and segment level in its 
financial reporting as a significant driver for EBIT before special items and thus ROCE.  
BASF's nonfinancial targets are focused more on the long term. As part of the implementation of BASF's 
strategy, BASF is investigating the possibility of establishing short-term steering mechanisms for its 
nonfinancial targets as well. 
Integration of Sustainability 
Strategy  
BASF has defined sustainability focus areas in its corporate strategy to position itself in the market and at 
the same time, meet the growing challenges along the value chain:  
• BASF sources responsibly  
• BASF produces safely for people and the environment  
• BASF produces efficiently  
• BASF values people and treat them with respect  
• BASF drives sustainable products and solutions  
Relevant topics resulting from these commitments – such as energy and climate protection, portfolio 
management, supply chain responsibility, employee engagement, resource efficiency, responsible 
production and water – form the focal points of BASF's reporting. BASF integrates these topics into its 
long-term steering processes to increase societal acceptance and take advantage of business 
opportunities. Here, BASF considers three dimensions of materiality: The relevance of sustainability topics 
to its business, the impacts of its business activities along the value chain on sustainability topics, and how 
important these topics are to its stakeholders.

--- Page 42 ---
42
Portfolio management based on sustainability performance  
Accelerator products make a substantial sustainability contribution in the value chain. This is why BASF 
aims to make sustainability an even greater part of its innovation power and achieve EUR 22 billion in 
Accelerator sales by 2025.  
To achieve this goal, BASF will deeply integrate Sustainable Solution Steering into the research and 
development pipeline, in business strategies as well as in merger and acquisition projects. 
BASF Group's segments per year-end 2020 
Chemicals 
Segment overview 
The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals and Intermediates divisions. It supplies the other 
segments with basic chemicals and intermediates, contributing to the organic growth of BASF's key value 
chains. Alongside internal transfers, BASF's customers mainly come from the chemical and plastics 
industries. BASF aims to expand its competitiveness through technological leadership and operational 
excellence. 
Segment strategy 
The Chemicals segment is at the heart of the Verbund. Its production facilities supply BASF's segments 
with basic chemicals and intermediates for the production of higher value-added products. In this way, the 
segment makes a significant contribution to BASF's organic growth. The Chemicals segment is also a 
reliable supplier and provides chemicals of consistently high quality and markets them to customers in 
downstream industries. 
BASF creates value through process and product innovation and invests in research and development to 
implement new, sustainable technologies and to make its existing technologies even more efficient. 
Technological leadership, operational excellence and a clear focus on individual value chains are among 
its most important competitive advantages. BASF concentrates on the critical success factors of the 
classic chemicals business: leveraging economies of scale and the advantages of its Verbund, high asset 
reliability, continuous optimization of access to raw materials, lean and energy efficient processes – 
including reducing greenhouse gas emissions – and reliable, cost-effective logistics. Furthermore, BASF is 
constantly improving its global production structures and aligning these with regional market requirements. 
BASF continuously improves its value chains and are expanding its market position – especially in Asia – 
with investments and collaborations in growth markets. 
Alongside the planned construction of an integrated Verbund site in Zhanjiang in the southern Chinese 
province of Guangdong, BASF signed a memorandum of understanding in October 2019 to evaluate a 
joint investment in a chemical complex in Mundra, India, together with its partners the Abu Dhabi National 
Oil Company (ADNOC), Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates; the Adani group (Adani), Ahmedabad, India; 
and Borealis AG (Borealis), Vienna, Austria.  
The project study comprised a world-scale propane dehydrogenation (PDH) plant, a polypropylene (PP) 
production and an acrylics value chain complex. The planned location at Adani’s Mundra site would enable 
access to a world-class port and renewable energy supply. The global economic uncertainties caused by 
the pandemic have led the Partners to review the timing for undertaking this investment. The Partners 
remain convinced about the strong fundamentals represented by the Indian market and agreed to 
periodically explore market conditions and discuss any opportunity that may arise over time. 
In the existing 50:50 joint venture BASF-YPC Company Limited (BYC) in Nanjing, China, BASF and 
Sinopec plan to further expand the site to strengthen the joint production of chemical products in China.  
In addition, in 2020 BASF increased the production capacity for neopentyl glycol at the Nanjing site to 
further support the growth of its customers in China. Strategically, BASF continue to invest in growth 
markets, such as the planned expansion of production capacities for tertiary butylamines in Nanjing, 
China, by 2022. 
At its Verbund site in Antwerp, Belgium, BASF is expanding its ethylene oxide plant. The project also 
includes several downstream plants, for example for the production of surfactants. 
In Ludwigshafen, Germany, BASF further strengthened its Verbund by replacing its acetylene plant with a 
modern, highly efficient plant. The multi-stage startup process was completed in 2019. 
As part of the global optimization of production structures, BASF Idemitsu Co. Ltd, a joint venture between 
BASF and Idemitsu Kosan Co. Ltd., closed a production plant for butanediol in Chiba, Japan, in 2020.

--- Page 43 ---
43
Another butanediol plant operated by its joint venture BASF Petronas Chemicals Sdn. Bhd. in Kuantan, 
Malaysia, will be closed in 2021. 
Business review full-year 2020 
Sales to third parties in the Chemicals segment declined by €1,461 million year on year to €8,071 million in 
2020. This was primarily due to the considerable decrease in the Petrochemicals division, where sales 
declined by €1,244 million to €5,426 million. At €2,645 million, sales in the Intermediates division 
decreased by €217 million compared with the prior-year figure.  
Sales development was mainly driven by significantly lower prices. In the Petrochemicals division, prices 
declined in almost all value chains as a result of lower raw materials prices and higher product availability 
on the market. Higher product availability on the market also led to lower prices in the Intermediates 
division, particularly in the acids and polyalcohols business and in the butanediol and derivatives business. 
Sales were also negatively impacted by currency effects. 
Volumes matched the prior-year level. The Intermediates division recorded slightly higher volumes in Asia, 
mainly in the amines business. This was offset by lower sales volumes, especially in the amines business 
in Europe and in the butanediol and derivatives business in North America. In the Petrochemicals division, 
volumes were at the level of the previous year. Sales volumes declined, primarily due to the effects of the 
coronavirus pandemic and the unplanned outage at the steam cracker in Port Arthur, Texas. The main 
offsetting factor was higher volumes of steam cracker products in Europe. 
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items was €445 million, €346 million below the 2019 figure. 
The considerable decrease affected both divisions, but in particular the Petrochemicals division, and was 
primarily attributable to lower margins. EBIT declined by €814 million year on year to –€192 million. This 
included special charges of €637 million, mainly for impairments on property, plant and equipment in North 
America, Asia and Europe. These primarily reflected expectations of a prolonged oversupply of basic 
chemicals and the resulting decrease in prices and margins. 
Materials 
Segment overview 
The Materials segment is composed of the Performance Materials division and the Monomers division. 
The Materials segment's portfolio comprises advanced materials and their precursors for new applications 
and systems. These include isocyanates and polyamides as well as inorganic basic products and 
specialties for the plastics and plastics processing industries. BASF wants to focus primarily on organic 
growth through differentiation via specific technological expertise, industry know-how and customer 
proximity to maximize value in the isocyanate and polyamide value chains. 
Strategy 
The Materials segment provides a toolbox of high-performance materials that is unique in the industry. 
BASF's major integrated isocyanate and polyamide value chains are complemented by a number of 
specialties for the plastics and plastics processing industries. The Materials segment offers specially 
developed polymers and solutions to major customer industries such as automotive, construction, 
electrical and electronics, and consumer goods. 
BASF caters to the growing needs of consumers in all key markets by developing new applications, high-
performance materials, systems and digital solutions. Application know-how, industry knowledge and 
customer proximity are key differentiators. BASF's competence in this field is extended by advanced 
material simulation capabilities, which are a unique selling proposition in the industry. 
Additional differentiators, which continue to gain importance, are BASF's product portfolio of bio-based 
material solutions and its sustainable production approaches. Such differentiated service and product 
offerings enable BASF to continuously expand the application horizon of its portfolio, thus generating 
innovative use cases and ultimately broadening markets. The segment's global production network allows 
BASF to operate close to its customers. 
The new MDI synthesis unit in Geismar, Louisiana, is a major milestone toward increasing MDI production 
capacity in North America. This investment supports the growth of BASF's MDI customers in the North 
American market. 
On January 31, 2020, BASF closed the acquisition of Solvay’s integrated polyamide business, which was 
agreed in September 2017. The transaction broadens BASF’s polyamide capabilities, allowing BASF to 
support its customers with even better engineering plastics solutions for applications such as autonomous 
driving and e-mobility. It also enhances access to growth markets in Asia as well as in North and South 
America. Through the backward integration into the key raw material adiponitrile (ADN), BASF now has

--- Page 44 ---
44
production plants along the entire value chain for polyamide 6.6. At closing, approximately 700 Solvay 
employees joined BASF. 
 In May 2020, BASF started construction of the first plants at its smart Verbund site in Zhanjiang in the 
southern Chinese province of Guangdong. This came as another milestone in the development of the 
company’s investment project since its official commencement in November 2019. The plants will produce 
engineering plastics and thermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) to serve the increasing needs of various 
growth industries in the southern China market and in other Asian markets. 
Business review full-year 2020 
Sales to third parties in the Materials segment declined by €730 million compared with 2019 to 
€10,736 million. The decline was mostly attributable to the Performance Materials division, where sales 
decreased by €429 million year on year to €5,635 million. The Monomers division recorded a sales 
decrease of €301 million to €5,101 million. 
The sales decrease was due in part to lower prices. In the Monomers division, prices levels declined for 
polyamides in particular due to lower raw materials prices and higher product availability on the market. 
Isocyanate prices also decreased. In the Performance Materials division, prices declined for engineering 
plastics and polyurethane systems in particular as a result of lower raw materials prices. Sales were also 
reduced by lower volumes in both divisions due to the effects of the coronavirus pandemic. In the 
Performance Materials division, volumes declined for engineering plastics, polyurethane systems and 
Cellasto, primarily as a result of weaker demand from the automotive industry in Europe and North 
America in particular. The Monomers division recorded lower volumes, especially of toluene diisocyanates 
(TDI) and polyamides. Currency effects had a slightly negative impact on sales. Sales in both divisions 
were positively impacted by portfolio effects from the acquisition of Solvay’s integrated polyamide 
business.  
In the Performance Materials division, sales to the automotive industry were considerably below the 
previous year due mainly to lower volumes. In Asia, sales volumes grew in 2020 after a weak first half of 
the year, driven by strong demand in China, while volumes in Europe and North America remained below 
the prior-year level. Sales in the consumer goods industry declined, primarily due to lower prices, while 
volumes were only slightly below the level of the previous year. Higher volumes in Asia, especially in the 
appliances segment, were able to partially offset lower sales volumes in Europe and North America. Sales 
also decreased considerably in the construction industry due to lower volumes and prices. Significantly 
higher sales volumes in Asia, especially in China, were unable to offset lower volumes in Europe and 
North America. 
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items declined by €168 million compared with the previous 
year to €835 million. This was attributable to a considerable decrease in the Monomers division, mainly 
due to lower polyamide margins and volumes. In the Performance Materials division, EBIT before special 
items was slightly above the prior-year level, primarily as a result of improved margins. 
EBIT declined by €1,082 million year on year to –€109 million. This included special charges of 
€944 million, mainly for impairments on property, plant and equipment in Europe due to a continued 
oversupply and the resulting pressure on prices and margins. 
Industrial Solutions 
Segment overview 
The Industrial Solutions segment consists of the Dispersions & Pigments (renamed Dispersions & Resins 
as of July 1, 2021) and the Performance Chemicals divisions. The segment develops and markets 
ingredients and additives for industrial applications, such as fuel and lubricant solutions, polymer 
dispersions, pigments, resins, electronic materials, antioxidants, light stabilizers, oilfield chemicals, and 
mineral processing and hydrometallurgical chemicals. BASF aims to drive organic growth in key industries 
such as automotive, plastics, electronics, and energy and resources, and expand its position in value-
enhancing additives and solutions by leveraging its comprehensive industry expertise and application 
know-how. 
Strategy 
BASF takes on the challenges posed by important future issues, especially population growth: scarce 
resources, environmental and climatic stressors, greater demand for food and the desire for better quality 
of life. In doing so, BASF focuses on research and development and maintain close relationships with 
leading companies in its customer industries. BASF positions itself globally to reliably supply customers in 
all regions. BASF invests in the development of innovations that enable its products and processes – as 
well as its customers' applications and processes – to make a contribution to sustainability: for example, 
by allowing resources to be used more efficiently.

--- Page 45 ---
45
BASF's products create additional value for its customers and enable market differentiation. BASF 
develops new solutions together with its customers and strive for long-term partnerships that create 
profitable growth opportunities for both parties. Efficient production setups, backward integration in its 
Production Verbund's value chains, capacity management, and technology and cost leadership are 
essential here. 
BASF supports its customers by serving as a reliable supplier with consistently high product quality, good 
value offerings and lean processes. BASF draws on its in-depth application knowledge and technological 
innovations to strengthen customer relationships in key industries. 
BASF is increasing global production capacity for the antioxidant Irganox® 1010 by 40% through 
production increase projects at its sites in Jurong, Singapore, and Kaisten, Switzerland. With the start of 
production in Kaisten in 2019 and Jurong in early 2021, BASF aims to better serve the growing demand 
from customers in Asia and Europe, the Middle East and Africa. 
BASF launched its Glysantin® branded engine coolant products in the North American automotive market 
in January 2020. Capital investments at BASF's production site in Cincinnati, Ohio, are underway, adding 
to its global footprint, which includes sites in Europe, Asia and South America. 
In 2019, BASF doubled the production capacity for the adhesive raw material acResin® with the startup of 
a second production facility in Ludwigshafen, Germany. 
To provide a reliable supply of high-quality dispersions solutions in the growing ASEAN, Australian and 
New Zealand markets, BASF plans to double the production capacity for acrylics dispersions in Pasir 
Gudang, Malaysia. The new line will be operational in 2020. 
BASF expanded its dispersions portfolio at its site in Huizhou, China, to better serve the fast-growing 
packaging industry in southern China. The expansion complements its production capacities in Shanghai, 
China, reduces lead times and improves raw material supply for its customers. Production capacities for 
water-based polyurethane dispersions at its Castellbisbal site in Spain were also expanded to meet rising 
demand. 
In July and August 2020, BASF announced a strategic partnership with IntelliSense.io and a strategic 
investment by BASF in the company to combine expertise in mineral processing, ore beneficiation 
chemistry and industrial AI technology. 
On January 31, 2019, BASF and Solenis completed the transfer of BASF's paper and water chemicals 
business to Solenis as announced in May 2018.  On July 6, 2021, BASF and Clayton, Dubilier & Rice 
announced , the signing of an agreement to sell Solenis to Platinum Equity, a private equity company 
based in Los Angeles, California. The transaction implies an enterprise value for Solenis of $5.25 billion. 
That amount includes net financial debt of around $2.5 billion, subject to any adjustments at closing. Since 
February 1, 2019, BASF has held a 49% share in Solenis and has reported its share in the company using 
the equity method; 51% of the shares are held by funds managed by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, and by 
Solenis management. Pending approval by the relevant authorities, the closing of the transaction is 
expected before the end of 2021. 
On June 30, 2021, BASF closed the divestiture of its global pigments business which BASF agreed to sell 
to DIC, Tokyo, Japan on August 29, 2019. The purchase price on a cash and debt-free basis was EUR 
1.15 billion. 
Business review full-year 2020 
At €7,644 million, sales to third parties in the Industrial Solutions segment were €745 million below the 
prior-year figure in 2020. This was due to considerably lower sales in both divisions. Sales declined by 
€436 million to €2,775 million in the Performance Chemicals division and decreased by €309 million to 
€4,869 million in the Dispersions & Pigments division. 
The sales performance was driven by lower price levels, especially in the Dispersions & Pigments division 
due to the decrease in raw materials prices. Lower volumes overall also contributed to the sales decrease. 
In the Performance Chemicals division, the decline in sales volumes was most pronounced in the fuel and 
lubricant solutions and oilfield chemicals businesses. In the Dispersions & Pigments division, volumes 
were at the level of the previous year. Sales were additionally reduced by negative currency effects in both 
divisions as well as portfolio effects from the transfer of BASF’s paper and water chemicals business, 
which was previously reported under the Performance Chemicals division, to the Solenis group as of 
January 31, 2019. 
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items was on a level with the previous year at €822 million. 
Considerably higher EBIT before special items in the Dispersions & Pigments division was offset by a 
considerably lower contribution from the Performance Chemicals division. The increase in the

--- Page 46 ---
46
Dispersions & Pigments division was largely attributable to lower fixed costs, mainly as a result of cost 
optimization measures. This more than offset lower margins, primarily from the price-related decrease in 
sales. The decline in the Performance Chemicals division was mainly driven by lower volumes. Compared 
with 2019, EBIT declined by €259 million to €630 million. EBIT included special charges of €192 million, 
mainly in connection with the carve-out of the pigments business and for impairments on property, plant 
and equipment in all regions. This primarily reflected the decline in production in the automotive industry 
as well as the expected slow recovery due to the effects of the coronavirus pandemic.  
Surface Technologies 
Segment overview 
The Surface Technologies segment comprises the Catalysts and Coatings divisions. The segment bundles 
the chemical surface solution businesses. Its portfolio includes coatings, surface treatments, catalysts and 
battery materials for the automotive and chemical industries. The aim is to drive organic growth by 
leveraging BASF's portfolio of technologies and establishing the company as a leading and innovative 
solution provider in fields such as battery materials. 
Strategy 
In the Surface Technologies segment, its focus is on the protection, modification and development of 
surfaces. BASF develops innovative products and technologies in close collaboration with its customers 
from the catalysts, coatings, battery materials and surface treatments sectors. BASF's aim is to drive 
organic growth by leveraging its portfolio of technologies to find the best solution for its customers in terms 
of functionality and cost. This helps its customers to drive forward innovation in their industries and 
contribute to sustainable development. 
Key growth drivers for BASF are the positive medium-term development of the automotive market, 
especially in Asia, the trend toward sustainable, low-emission mobility in the automotive industry, and the 
associated rise in demand for battery materials for electromobility. Together with its customers, BASF is 
developing customized, sustainable solutions in these growth areas for battery materials, emission control, 
lightweight engineering concepts and coatings. Its specialties and system solutions enable customers to 
stand out from their competition. 
BASF aims to establish itself as a leading and innovative provider of battery materials and benefit from the 
strong growth in this specific market segment. A global production network for battery materials is crucial 
here. In 2020, BASF announced plans to invest in a new production plant for cathode active materials in 
Schwarzheide, Germany. The new plant will use precursors from the precursor plant for cathode active 
materials in Harjavalta, Finland, which was announced in 2018. The two plants are scheduled for startup in 
2022 and will produce cathode active materials for around 400,000 fully electric mid-size vehicles per year. 
With these investments in Finland and Germany, BASF aims to become the first cathode active materials 
supplier with local production capacities in what are currently the three main markets: Asia, the United 
States and Europe. 
Business review full-year 2020 
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items amounted to €484 million, €238 million below the 
prior-year level due to lower earnings in both divisions. In the Coatings division, this was mainly 
attributable to the development of volumes. Lower fixed costs and lower raw materials prices were unable 
to compensate for this. EBIT before special items declined in the Catalysts division, mainly as a result of 
higher fixed costs, driven in particular by growth initiatives for battery chemicals. This could not be offset 
by a significant improvement in earnings in precious metal trading. EBIT decreased by €1,250 million to –
€587 million. EBIT included special charges, mainly for goodwill impairments of €786 million in the surface 
treatments cash-generating unit, and for property, plant and equipment, primarily in the Catalysts division 
in Europe. This largely reflected significantly weaker demand due to the effects of the coronavirus 
pandemic as well as the expected slow recovery in the automotive and aviation industries. 
Nutrition & Care 
Segment overview 
In the Nutrition & Care segment – consisting of the Care Chemicals and Nutrition & Health divisions – 
BASF serves the growing and increasingly sophisticated demands for fast-moving consumer goods. 
BASF's customers include food and feed producers as well as the pharmaceutical, cosmetics, detergent 
and cleaner industries. The company strives to expand its position as a leading provider of ingredients and 
solutions for consumer applications in the areas of nutrition, home and personal care. BASF's goal is to 
drive organic growth by focusing on emerging markets, new business models and sustainability trends in 
consumer markets, supported by targeted acquisitions.

--- Page 47 ---
47
Strategy 
In the Nutrition & Care segment, BASF strives to expand its position as a leading provider of nutrition and 
care ingredients for consumer applications. BASF aims to enhance its technology capabilities in fields 
such as biotechnology and broaden its product portfolio with biobased and biodegradable innovations. 
BASF focuses on emerging markets, new business models and sustainability trends in consumer markets 
– supported by targeted acquisitions. A strong integration of various standard products such as surfactants 
and vitamins into the Verbund enables efficient production structures and cost leadership. 
Consumer demands and the markets for its products are constantly changing. In the future, growth in 
these markets will be driven by natural and organic ingredients, traceability of ingredients, sustainable 
solutions and a growing consumer base. In addition, the trend toward individualization and local production 
supports new players and business models. To better meet these dynamic consumer demands, BASF 
aims to enhance and broaden its technology and product portfolio. 
Innovation will be the key driver here, which is why BASF offers its customers tailor-made solutions and 
new functionalities via product and process innovation. Research platforms focusing on bio-based and 
biodegradable products have been established to complement its existing portfolio. BASF is working on 
innovative approaches beyond the existing purely chemical solutions with research and development in 
white biotech and fermentation technologies. Its enzymes unit, founded in 2018, centrally steers the 
research, technology and production of the enzyme businesses at BASF. In addition, this business unit 
markets enzymes directly. This allows BASF to focus and accelerate existing enzyme business in various 
industries. 
In September 2019, BASF entered the market for natural flavors and fragrance ingredients with the 
acquisition of Isobionics, one of the innovation leader in biotechnology serving the global market for 
natural flavors and fragrances, and through a cooperation agreement with Conagen, Bedford, 
Massachusetts, one of the leader in biotechnology research. 
For standard products such as vitamins or surfactants, BASF focuses on backward integration in its 
Production Verbund's value chains and cost leadership. 
BASF is expanding its existing ibuprofen production capacities in Bishop, Texas. Its expanded vitamin A 
production facilities in Ludwigshafen, Germany, are scheduled to begin operation in 2021. BASF will also 
expand its integrated complex for ethylene oxide and derivates such as surfactants at the Verbund site in 
Antwerp, Belgium. 
By the end of 2021, BASF will increase its capacities for methane sulfonic acid by around 65% to better 
meet growing cross-industry demand and strengthen its position as a leading global producer. This 
involves an investment to construct a new methane sulfonic acid plant at the Ludwigshafen site in 
Germany. Methane sulfonic acid is a strong organic acid used in numerous applications ranging from 
chemical and biofuel synthesis to industrial cleaning and metal surface treatment in the electronics 
industry. 
Business review full-year 2020 
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items decreased by €20 million compared with the previous 
year to €773 million due to a slightly lower contribution from the Care Chemicals division. This was 
primarily the result of lower sales and a one-off payment received by the personal care solutions business 
in the previous year. EBIT before special items in the Nutrition & Health division increased considerably 
compared with 2019. This was mainly attributable to higher volumes. Higher fixed costs had an offsetting 
effect. In the previous year, fixed costs were reduced by an insurance payment. EBIT rose by €44 million 
year on year to €688 million. This included special charges of €85 million, mainly for impairments and 
provisions, primarily for the optimization of production structures in the Nutrition & Health division in North 
America and Europe. 
Agricultural Solutions 
Segment overview 
In the Agricultural Solutions segment, BASF aims to further strengthen its market position as an integrated 
provider of crop protection products, seeds and digital solutions. The portfolio comprises fungicides, 
herbicides, insecticides and biological crop protection products, as well as seeds and seed treatment 
products. BASF's strategy is based on innovation-driven organic growth, targeted portfolio expansion and 
leveraging synergies from acquisitions. Customer needs, societal expectations and regulatory 
requirements are the company's innovation drivers for the segment. 
Strategy

--- Page 48 ---
48
In mid-2019, BASF completed the integration of a range of businesses and assets acquired from Bayer. 
With this, BASF achieved its goal of ensuring business continuity from day one and created a solid 
foundation for growth. This acquisition has transformed its position in the agricultural industry: BASF now 
connects seeds and traits, crop protection and digital solutions. This enables the company to optimize 
farm yields and profitability, and better address environmental and societal demands. 
With its innovation-based strategy in agriculture, BASF puts the farmer's business at the center of BASF 
activities. As one of the world's leading agricultural solutions companies, BASF focuses its activities on its 
major strategic customer segments and selected crop combinations, known as crop systems: soy, corn 
(maize) and cotton in the Americas; wheat, canola (oilseed rape) and sunflowers in North America and 
Europe; rice in Asia; and fruit and vegetables globally. With a deep understanding of the way individual 
growers manage their farms and crop systems, BASF can better serve them with a connected offer based 
on its expanded portfolio and practical, down-to-earth advice. 
The success of BASF's customers depends on many factors such as weather, plant health, soil conditions 
and prices for agricultural produce. Farmers today have to analyze more and more data of increasing 
complexity to make the right agronomic decisions. BASF's innovative digital products, marketed under the 
xarvio® Digital Farming Solutions brand, help its customers to use this data to their advantage, supporting 
better decision-making and ensuring more efficient and sustainable resource allocation. 
BASF actively steers its offer for farmers and the agricultural industry toward sustainable solutions by 
integrating sustainability into all business and portfolio decisions. Sustainability criteria are firmly 
embedded in its entire research and development process. BASF invests continually in its well-stocked 
innovation pipeline to identify and further develop compounds that benefit both farmers and the 
environment. BASF aligns its research approach and investments with its strategic crop systems to 
support the success of its customers with innovations. 
Investments 
The investment in a crop protection production hub in Singapore will, as announced in 2020, supply 
multiple formulation technologies in close proximity to farmers in Asia Pacific. BASF also invested in the 
expansion of production site in Sparks, Georgia, establishing a new formulation plant for seed treatment 
products there. At the Nunhem site in The Netherlands, BASF started the expansion of its breeding 
facilities for vegetable seeds with a state-of-the-art tomato greenhouse. Further investments were made in 
the modernization of site infrastructure in the Americas and Europe. To meet continuing high demand for 
its innovative solutions in the future, between 2021 and 2025, BASF will invest more than €950 million in 
developing and expanding its infrastructure and in its production and formulation capacities for active 
ingredients as well as for seed solutions. 
Research & Development 
Company research and development activities are aligned with BASF strategic crop systems to support its 
customers’ success with innovations. In 2020, BASF spent €840 million on research and development in 
the Agricultural Solutions division, representing around 11% of the segment’s sales. BASF has a well-
stocked innovation pipeline comprising novel seeds and traits, new chemical and biological crop protection 
products, new formulations and digital solutions to be launched between 2020 and 2030. With a peak 
sales potential of more than €7.5 billion, BASFs innovation pipeline has an even stronger focus on 
sustainable solutions – enabled by a research and development process that is driven by sustainability 
criteria. BASF innovate to create new business opportunities for farmers and for BASF by developing 
solutions that meet the needs of customers and consumers. By 2030, BASF will launch more than 30 
major pipeline projects across all business areas. These will provide sustainable solutions to help farmers 
achieve better yield in their farm operations and promote healthy eating, balancing economic, environment 
and societal demands. Research and development activities in the Agricultural Solutions division range 
from seeds and traits, research and breeding capacities to solutions that protect plants against fungal 
diseases, insect pests and weeds, and improve soil management and plant health. 
BASFs research and development is based on a global network of research sites, seed production and 
breeding capacities. It positions BASF to seize future market opportunities and increase its 
competitiveness. With biotechnology activities and research and development capabilities comprising 
advanced breeding techniques, analytics, technology platforms and trait validation. To offer tailor-made, 
sustainable crop solutions, its research platform on gene identification focuses on plant characteristics that 
enable higher yields and better quality, disease resistance and tolerance of negative environmental 
factors, such as drought. BASF apply state-of-the-art scientific methods, including genetic engineering and 
selective genome editing. 
Sustainability

--- Page 49 ---
49
In 2020, BASF launched its Agricultural Solutions sustainability commitments. The commitments focus on 
four areas to help farmers to find the right balance: climate-smart farming, sustainable solutions, digital 
farming and smart stewardship.  
Climate-smart farming: Helping farmers tackle pressing climate challenges with the right combination of 
technologies designed to increase yield, make farm management easier and more effective, and reduce 
the impact on the environment. BASF technologies include nitrogen management products to improve 
fertilizer efficiency and lower greenhouse gas emissions, no-till herbicides, seeds and traits for more 
stress-resilient crops, natural biological inoculants as well as digital solutions. 
Sustainable solutions: BASF systematically steer its innovation pipeline according to sustainability criteria 
from an early stage. This enables BASF to continually develop innovations that offer added value for 
farmers, the environment and society. BASF also assess each product in its existing portfolio with respect 
to its contribution to sustainability. In this way, BASF systematically steer its portfolio to every year 
increase the share of sales from solutions that make a substantial sustainability contribution. 
Digital farming: Digitalization has the power to transform agriculture and make it more efficient, inclusive 
and sustainable. BASF digital solutions help farmers to produce more with less by growing their business 
profitably while reducing their environmental footprint. 
Smart stewardship: BASF stewardship tools and services are tailored to farmers' daily work. Farmers get 
the support they need to use BASF's products safely: access to tools and services, protective equipment, 
customized training, digital solutions and new and future-oriented application technologies such as drones. 
Business review full-year 2020 
At €7,660 million, sales to third parties in the Agricultural Solutions segment were €154 million below the 
prior-year level in 2020. Sales performance was significantly weighed down by negative currency effects, 
particularly in the region South America, Africa, Middle East. This contrasted with volume growth in a 
challenging market environment. Overall, prices were slightly above the prior-year level. 
In Europe, sales declined by €85 million year on year to €2,035 million. This was largely attributable to 
lower volumes, especially of herbicides and fungicides, mainly as a consequence of dry weather 
conditions in large parts of Europe. Sales were also reduced by negative currency effects, primarily in 
Turkey and eastern Europe. Prices were on a level with the previous year. 
Sales in North America decreased by €104 million to €3,004 million. Prices were slightly below the prior-
year level in a continued challenging market environment, especially for herbicides and fungicides. Sales 
development was also weighed down by negative currency effects. This was partially offset by higher 
sales volumes, particularly for fungicides, after the distributor destocking and challenges relating to 
weather conditions and trade conflicts that dominated the previous year. 
Sales in Asia rose by €59 million to €844 million. This was largely attributable to higher sales volumes, 
especially of herbicides and fungicides, primarily in India, China and Australia. Slightly higher price levels 
contributed to the positive sales development, while negative currency effects had a dampening impact. 
Sales in the region South America, Africa, Middle East amounted to €1,777 million, €24 million below the 
previous year. This was primarily due to significantly negative currency effects, mainly from the 
depreciation of the Brazilian real. Considerably higher volumes in all indications and sectors, especially in 
Brazil, and higher price levels were unable to fully offset the negative currency developments. 
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items was €970 million, €125 million below the 2019 figure. 
This was mainly due to currency effects.  
EBIT amounted to €582 million, €346 million less than in the previous year. This figure included special 
charges in the amount of €388 million, primarily from impairments in connection with measures to 
streamline the global glufosinate-ammonium production network. 
WINTERSHALL DEA 
Following the approval of all relevant authorities, BASF and LetterOne successfully completed the merger 
of Wintershall and DEA on May 1, 2019. In September 2018, BASF and LetterOne had signed a 
transaction agreement to merge their respective oil and gas businesses in a joint venture.  
To effect the merger, LetterOne contributed all shares in DEA Deutsche Erdoel AG into Wintershall 
Holding GmbH against the issuance of new shares. BASF holds 67% and LetterOne 33% of Wintershall 
Dea's ordinary shares reflecting the value of the respective exploration and production businesses of 
Wintershall and DEA. To reflect the value of Wintershall's gas transportation business, BASF received 
additional preference shares. This resulted in a total initial shareholding of BASF in Wintershall Dea of 
72.7%. No later than 36 months after closing but definitely before an Initial Public Offering (IPO), these 
preference shares will be converted into ordinary shares of Wintershall Dea.

--- Page 50 ---
50
Since May 1, 2019, BASF's participating interest in Wintershall Dea is reported in the consolidated 
financial statements of the BASF Group according to the equity method. 
As announced on June 16, 2021, the shareholders of Wintershall Dea – BASF and LetterOne – decided to 
postpone the initial public offering to a later date due to current market conditions. The IPO was previously 
planned for the second half of 2021, subject to market conditions. The IPO will occur post 2021. 
BASF's Group Segments as per half-year 2021 
 
Chemicals 
Half-year 2021 
Sales in the Chemicals segment rose considerably compared with the prior-year quarter, especially in the 
Petrochemicals division. The sales increase was primarily due to significantly higher price levels, owing 
largely to strong demand alongside lower product availability. The Petrochemicals division increased 
prices significantly, in particular for cracker products, styrene monomers and acrylic monomers. Price 
levels also rose considerably in the Intermediates division, mainly in the butanediol and derivatives as well 
as in the acids and polyalcohols businesses. Significantly higher volumes had a positive impact on sales in 
both divisions. The segment’s sales volumes had been heavily burdened by the effects of the coronavirus 
pandemic in the prior-year quarter. Volumes in the Petrochemicals division were higher, especially for 
styrene monomers, acrylic monomers and cracker products, while the Intermediates division increased 
volumes particularly in the butanediol and derivatives and in the acids and polyalcohols businesses. 
Negative currency effects, mainly relating to the U.S. dollar, had an offsetting effect. 
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items was considerably above the second quarter of 2020. 
This was largely attributed to considerably higher EBIT before special items in the Petrochemicals division, 
which resulted mainly from increased margins, greater sales volumes as well as a considerable 
improvement in income from equity-accounted companies. In the prior-year quarter, apart from the effects 
of the coronavirus pandemic, the division’s earnings had also been negatively impacted by scheduled 
turnarounds in Nanjing, China. EBIT before special items also rose considerably in the Intermediates 
division. This was due primarily to higher margins in the butanediol and derivatives business, improved 
income from equity-accounted companies and lower fixed costs. 
Materials 
 
Half-year 2021 
Compared with the second quarter of 2020, sales in the Materials segment rose considerably in both 
divisions. Sales development resulted primarily from a significant demand related increase in volumes. 
The Performance Materials division increased volumes across all customer industries, especially in the 
transportation industry in Europe; the Monomers division increased volumes mainly in isocyanates and 
polyamides. Significantly higher prices also had a positive impact on sales. The higher price level was 
especially due to strong demand alongside lower product availability as well as higher raw materials prices. 
While the Monomers division achieved higher prices mainly for isocyanates, price levels in the 
Performance Materials division rose primarily for polyurethane systems and engineering plastics. Sales 
performance was dampened by negative currency effects. 
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items rose considerably in both divisions. The Monomers 
division achieved an increase in EBIT before special items largely as a result of higher isocyanate margins 
and a higher contribution from the polyamides business. Earnings in the Performance Materials division 
were considerably higher than in the prior-year quarter, mainly due to the positive development of sales 
volumes. 
 
Industrial Solutions 
 
Half-year 2021 
Sales in the Industrial Solutions segment were considerably higher than in the prior-year quarter, 
particularly in the Dispersions & Pigments division. The sales growth was largely attributable to higher 
volumes in almost all businesses in both divisions. This segment’s sales volume development had been 
heavily impacted by the effects of the coronavirus pandemic in the prior-year quarter. Higher price levels in 
both divisions, mainly due to increased raw materials prices, had a positive impact on sales. Especially the 
Dispersions & Pigments division increased prices considerably. Sales performance was weighed down by 
negative currency effects, mainly relating to the U.S. dollar.

--- Page 51 ---
51
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items rose considerably in both divisions compared with the 
second quarter of 2020. This was largely driven by the positive development of sales volumes in both 
divisions. EBIT in the second quarter of 2021 included special income from the sale of the global pigments 
business. After the completion of the sale of BASF’s global pigments business, the Dispersions & 
Pigments division was renamed Dispersions & Resins as of July 1, 2021. 
 
Surface Technologies 
 
Half-year 2021 
Sales in the Surface Technologies segment rose considerably compared with the second quarter of 2020, 
especially in the Catalysts division. The sales increase was attributable to significantly higher prices and 
volumes overall. Price levels increased, especially in the Catalysts division, due to higher precious metal 
prices. This led to a considerable increase in sales in precious metal trading to €2,927 million (Q2 2020: 
€1,502 million). Coatings raised prices in all businesses. The significantly higher sales volumes resulted 
primarily from greater demand from the automotive industry. Catalysts achieved higher volumes in all 
businesses, especially for mobile emissions catalysts. Coatings also increased volumes in all businesses, 
particularly for automotive OEM coatings. However, the segment’s volume growth was dampened by the 
shortage of semiconductors in the automotive market. 
Negative currency effects, mainly relating to the U.S. dollar, had an offsetting effect. Income from 
operations (EBIT) before special items was considerably above the level of the prior-year quarter in both 
divisions due primarily to sales volumes. Additionally, earnings performance in the Catalysts division was 
supported by a considerably higher contribution from precious metal trading. 
 
Nutrition & Care 
 
Half-year 2021 
Sales in the Nutrition & Care segment slightly increased compared with the prior-year quarter. This was 
driven by considerable sales growth in the Care Chemicals division, while sales in the Nutrition & Health 
division declined considerably. Sales performance was driven primarily by slightly higher overall volumes 
resulting from the volume increase in all business areas of Care Chemicals. Volumes in the Nutrition & 
Health division matched the level of the prior-year quarter. Higher volumes in the pharmaceutical business 
offset lower volumes in the animal nutrition business, mainly due to the ongoing expansion of the vitamin A 
plant. Slightly higher prices overall also had a positive impact on sales. Higher price levels in the Care 
Chemicals division, especially in oleo surfactants and alcohols as well as in the home care, industrial and 
institutional cleaning and industrial formulators businesses, more than offset lower prices in Nutrition & 
Health. Sales performance was weighed down by negative currency effects, mainly relating to the U.S. 
dollar. 
Income from operations (EBIT) before special items declined considerably compared with the second 
quarter of 2020, due primarily to lower margins and higher fixed costs in both divisions. Margins in 
Nutrition & Health declined, particularly because of the price and currency-related sales decrease as well 
as higher raw materials costs. The margin decrease in Care Chemicals resulted mainly from higher raw 
materials costs. The higher fixed costs were due in part to scheduled turnarounds in both divisions and the 
expansion of the vitamin A plant. EBIT included special income from the sale of the production site in 
Kankakee, Illinois currency effects, mainly relating to the U.S. dollar. Portfolio effects from the sale of the 
production site in Kankakee, Illinois, reduced sales. 
 
Agricultural Solutions 
 
Half-year 2021 
Sales in the Agricultural Solutions segment were considerably above the level of the second quarter of 
2020. This was due primarily to the considerably higher volumes in all regions and to higher prices. 
Negative currency effects, especially in South and North America, had a dampening impact on sales. The 
considerable sales increase in Europe was attributable mainly to increased volumes, especially of 
fungicides and herbicides resulting from more favorable weather conditions. Slightly higher prices 
supported sales performance, while negative currency effects had an offsetting impact. Sales in North 
America rose considerably compared with the prior-year quarter. This increase was driven primarily by 
higher volumes, mainly of fungicides and herbicides. Negative currency effects had a dampening impact 
on sales. Prices were at the same level as in the prior-year quarter. Sales in Asia improved considerably, 
primarily due to increased volumes of fungicides and herbicides. Slightly higher prices also had a positive

--- Page 52 ---
52
impact on sales, while currency effects had a negative impact. Sales in the region South America, Africa, 
Middle East rose considerably. This was primarily the result of considerably higher volumes, mainly of crop 
protection products in Brazil. Significantly higher price levels also contributed to the positive sales 
development. This more than offset significantly negative currency effects, especially in Argentina and 
Brazil. 
Sales in the Agricultural Solutions segment were slightly up from the prior-year period (€4,809 million vs. 
€4,585 million). This was largely driven by volume growth in all regions. Higher price levels also 
contributed to sales growth. Sales performance was weighed down by currency effects. EBIT before 
special items declined slightly (€882 million vs €929 million)  despite the sales growth, mainly as a result of 
negative currency effects. 
RESPONSIBLE CONDUCT ALONG THE VALUE CHAIN 
Supplier Management 
BASF's partnerships with suppliers are based on mutual value creation, as well as a reliable supply of raw 
materials, technical goods and services at competitive prices.1 BASF works together in an open and 
transparent way to generate long-term benefits for both sides. In doing so, BASF creates value added that 
goes above and beyond procurement alone. For example, BASF develops solutions to target market-
specific customer requirements together with its suppliers. BASF's sustainability-oriented supply chain 
management contributes to risk management by clarifying its expectations and standards for its suppliers, 
and by supporting them in carrying out its requirements. BASF counts on reliable supply relationships and 
wants to make its suppliers' contribution to sustainable development transparent to BASF. 
Due to the size and scale of BASF's supplier portfolio, its suppliers are evaluated based on risk, including 
both country and industry-specific risks. BASF actively promotes sustainability in the supply chain and has 
set itself ambitious targets for this: By 2025, BASF aims to have conducted sustainability evaluations for 
90% of the BASF Group's relevant spend2 and will develop action plans where improvement is necessary. 
BASF will work towards having 80% of suppliers improve their sustainability performance upon re-
evaluation. In 2020, 80% of the relevant spend had been evaluated. Of the suppliers re-evaluated in 2020, 
68% had improved. The global targets are embedded in the personal goals of persons responsible for 
procurement. 
Raw materials 
The Verbund system is an important component of BASF's resource efficiency concept: The by-products 
of one plant often serve as feedstock elsewhere, helping BASF to use raw materials more efficiently. 
BASF also contributes to the circular economy with its ChemCycling™ project. In 2020, BASF purchased 
a total of around 30,000 different raw materials from more than 6,500 suppliers. Important raw materials 
(based on volume) include naphtha, liquid gas, natural gas, benzene and caustic soda. In addition to fossil 
resources, BASF also employs renewable raw materials mainly based on vegetable oils, fats, grains, 
sugar and wood. BASF uses these to manufacture products that either cannot be made with fossil 
resources, or only at significantly greater effort, for example. In addition, BASF's biomass balance 
approach enables the company to allocate renewable raw materials to many of the products in its portfolio. 
Independent certification confirms that BASF has replaced the fossil feedstock needed for the sold 
biomass balance product with renewable resources. Products manufactured using this approach are 
indistinguishable from those produced solely from fossil raw materials. As for fossil raw materials, BASF 
also considers how renewable raw materials impact sustainability topics along the value chain. As well as 
positive effects like saving greenhouse gas emissions, these can also have negative effects on areas such 
as biodiversity, land use or working conditions, depending on the raw material. This is why BASF carefully 
weigh up the advantages and disadvantages of using renewable resources, for example using Eco-
EfficiencyAnalyses. BASF also take recognized certification standards such as the Roundtable on 
Sustainable Palm Oil into account in its decisions. BASF want to minimize raw material specific risks and 
increase sustainability with measures, projects and targeted involvement in initiatives. BASF activities here 
concentrate on value chains that are relevant quantitatively, such as palm-based raw materials, or that do 
not yet have certification standards, such as castor oil. BASF is also working on product innovations and 
on enhancing production processes to improve the profitability and competitiveness of renewable 
resources. 
                                                 
1 
BASF considers all direct suppliers of the BASF Group in the business year 2020 concerned as Tier 1 suppliers. These 
are suppliers that provide BASF with raw materials, investment goods, consumables and services. Suppliers can be 
natural persons, companies or legal persons under public law. 
2 
BASF understands relevant spend as procurement volumes with relevant suppliers. BASF defines relevant suppliers as 
Tier 1 suppliers showing an elevated sustainability risk potential as identified by its risk matrices and its purchasers' 
assessments.

--- Page 53 ---
53
Environmental Protection, Health and Safety 
Responsible Care Management System 
BASF's Responsible Care Management System comprises the global directives, standards and 
procedures for safety, security, health and environmental protection for the various steps along its value 
chain. BASF's regulations cover the transportation of raw materials, activities at the sites and warehouses, 
and distribution of the products as well as the customers' application of the products. Specifications for 
implementing these measures are laid out in binding directives that are introduced in consultation with 
employee representatives. These describe the relevant responsibilities, requirements and assessment 
methods. BASF's policies and requirements are constantly updated. BASF also maintains a dialog with 
government institutions, associations and other international organizations. BASF sets ambitious goals for 
safety and security, and health and environmental protection. BASF regularly conducts audits to monitor 
its performance and progress. BASF assess the potential risks and weaknesses of all its activities – from 
research and production to logistics – and the effects of these on the safety and security of BASF's 
employees, the environment or the surroundings. In databases, BASF document accidents, near misses 
and safety-related incidents at its sites as well as along its transportation routes to learn from these; 
appropriate measures are derived according to specific cause analyses. 
Safety in production 
The safety of its employees, contractors and neighbors, and protecting the environment is BASF's top 
priority. This is why BASF has set itself ambitious goals for occupational and process safety as well as 
health protection. BASF stipulates mandatory global standards for safety, security, and environmental and 
health protection. 
A worldwide network of experts ensures these are implemented. As part of its continuous improvement 
process, BASF regularly monitors progress toward its goals. BASF promotes risk awareness for every 
individual with measures such as systematic hazard assessments, specific and ongoing qualification 
measures and global safety initiatives. 
BASF analyzes accidents, incidents and their causes in detail at a global level to learn from these. Hazard 
analyses and the risk minimization measures derived from them are an important prevention tool. BASF 
also promotes regular dialog across different sites to strengthen risk awareness among its employees and 
contractors, to learn from examples of good practice and in this way, continually develop its safety culture. 
By the end of 2020, BASF had introduced digital solutions and applications at around 250 plants 
worldwide to further increase safety, security, planning capability and availability. BASF plan to implement 
these at around another 170 plants by 2022. For example, augmented reality solutions will support daily 
operations by providing direct, fast access to the required information with mobile end devices and apps. 
Other digital solutions will enable BASF to perform predictive maintenance or efficiently simulate 
maintenance and production processes in digital plant models. 
Based on BASF's corporate values, leaders serve as safety role models for the company's employees. 
Environmental protection, health, safety and security are discussed with newly appointed senior 
executives. Senior executives with a particular responsibility for such topics, for example in production, 
also receive specific further training to be able to meet their responsibilities. 
Product stewardship 
BASF is committed to continuously minimizing the negative effects of its products on the environment, 
health and safety along the value chain – from development to disposal. This commitment to product 
stewardship is enshrined in its Responsible Care® charter and the initiatives of the International Council of 
Chemical Associations (ICCA). BASF also ensures uniformly high standards for product stewardship 
worldwide. In some cases, BASF has committed to voluntary initiatives that go beyond the local legal 
requirements. 
BASF maintains and evaluates environmental, health and safety data for its substances and products in a 
global database. This information is updated continuously. The database forms the basis for its safety data 
sheets, which BASF makes available to its customers in around 40 languages. Its global emergency 
hotline network enables the company to provide information around the clock. BASF trains and supports 
its customers in fulfilling their industry or application-specific product requirements. In associations and 
together with other manufacturers, BASF is pushing for the establishment of voluntary global commitments 
to prevent the misuse of chemicals. 
BASF supports the implementation of initiatives such as the Global Product Strategy (GPS) of the ICCA. 
GPS is establishing worldwide standards and best practices to improve the safety management of 
chemical substances and to support governments in the introduction of local chemical regulations. BASF 
is also involved in initiatives such as workshops and training seminars in developing countries and

--- Page 54 ---
54
emerging markets. In 2020, these included the virtual ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) 
workshop on regulatory cooperation in Vietnam and a Responsible Care workshop in Argentina. 
Transportation and storage 
BASF wants its products to be safely loaded, transported, handled and stored. This is why BASF depends 
on reliable logistics partners, global standards and an effective organization. BASF's goal is to minimize 
risks along the entire transportation chain – from loading and transportation to unloading. Some of its 
guidelines for the transportation of dangerous goods go above and beyond national and international 
dangerous goods requirements. BASF has defined global guidelines and requirements for the storage of 
its products and regularly monitor compliance with these. 
BASF regularly assesses the safety and environmental risks of transporting and storing raw materials and 
sales products with high hazard potential using its global guideline. This is based on the guidelines of the 
European Chemical Industry Council (CEFIC). BASF also has binding global standards for load safety. 
BASF stipulates worldwide requirements for its logistics service providers and assesses them in terms of 
safety and quality. BASF's experts use its own evaluation and monitoring tools as well as internationally 
approved schemes. 
At the Verbund site in Ludwigshafen, Germany, around 50% of incoming volumes are transported to the 
site by ship under normal conditions. In recent years, logistics were impacted by the low water levels on 
the Rhine River caused by the hot and dry summer. BASF is implementing various measures to make the 
site more resilient to extended low water events. For instance, BASF was involved in creating an early 
warning system for low water, have chartered ships that can navigate low water levels, have invested in 
making loading stations more flexible, and are additionally developing BASF's own type of ship together 
with partners which should start operation in late 2022. BASF supports the German Federal Ministry of 
Transport's "Low water on the Rhine" action plan, which aims to improve shipping conditions on the Rhine 
over the coming years with various measures. BASF recorded no extended low water events in 2020. 
BASF is actively involved in external networks, which quickly provide information and assistance in 
emergencies. These include the International Chemical Environmental (ICE) initiative and the German 
Transport Accident Information and Emergency Response System (TUIS), in which BASF plays a 
coordinating role. In 2020, BASF provided assistance to other companies in 112 cases worldwide (2019: 
165). BASF applies the experience it has gathered to set up similar systems in other countries. Since 
2019, external experts such as the public fire services or other emergency responders can consult BASF's 
systems for information on the detection of chemical substances in the human body. This "human 
biomonitoring" can be used to determine and evaluate whether and what amount of chemical substances 
have been absorbed by the human body during a rescue operation. It can be used to test and verify the 
efficacy of safety measures taken and of safety equipment, which is of particular importance for the health 
protection of emergency responders. BASF's experts provide assistance in evaluating whether human 
biomonitoring is feasible in a specific case, and in selecting the target substances to be tested, as well as 
appropriate sampling methods including transport and storage of samples. 
Energy and climate protection 
Climate protection is very important to BASF. As a leading chemical company, BASF has set the 
ambitious target to achieve net zero emissions by 2050 with a medium term target to reduce its absolute 
CO2 emissions by 25 percent by 2030: BASF aims to reduce total greenhouse gas emissions from its 
production sites and its energy purchases stable versus the 2018 level while growing production volumes. 
Sharp increases due to the startup of large-scale plants will be progressively offset. When deciding on 
investments and acquisitions, BASF systematically considers the effects on greenhouse gas emissions. 
BASF wants to reach its climate protection target and enable further reductions with plant optimization 
measures, by purchasing low-carbon energy, and with a research and development program to reduce its 
greenhouse gas emissions over the long term. BASF has bundled these measures in its carbon 
management program. In addition, BASF will also consider temporarily taking external offsetting measures 
such as purchasing certificates if the technical or economic environment does not permit a stabilization of 
emissions at the 2018 level using the above approaches. 
Most of BASF's greenhouse gas emissions are attributable to the consumption of energy. At sites with 
internal supply capabilities, BASF primarily relies on highly efficient combined heat and power plants with 
gas and steam turbines, and on the use of heat released by production processes. Furthermore, BASF is 
committed to energy management that helps the company analyze and further improve the energy 
efficiency of its plants on an ongoing basis. BASF continuously analyzes potential risks to its business 
operations arising in connection with the topics of energy and climate protection and derive appropriate 
measures.

--- Page 55 ---
55
BASF offers its customers solutions that help prevent greenhouse gas emissions and improve energy and 
resource efficiency. Around half 1  of its annual research and development spending goes toward 
developing these products and optimizing its processes. 
Its climate protection activities are based on a comprehensive analysis of its emissions. BASF reports on 
greenhouse gas emissions in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol as well as the sector-specific 
standard for the chemical industry. 
Since 2004, BASF has participated in the international non-profit organization CDP's program for reporting 
on data relevant to climate protection. BASF achieved a score of A– in CDP's rating for 2020, thus 
attaining Leadership status again. Companies on the Leadership level are distinguished by factors such as 
the completeness and transparency of their reporting. They also pursue comprehensive approaches in 
managing the opportunities and risks associated with climate change as well as emissions reduction 
strategies to achieve company-wide goals. 
Climate protection is a shared global task. BASF advocates climate protection by supporting initiatives to 
this end. For instance, BASF is committed to an ambitious climate policy as part of the Business 20 (B20) 
– the central dialog platform between business and politics in the G20 group of countries. BASF also 
spearheaded the World Economic Forum's initiative on Collaborative Innovation for Low-Carbon Emitting 
Technologies in the Chemical Industry. In 2020, BASF helped draft climate protection recommendations 
for the G20 Summit in Saudi Arabia as a member of the B20's taskforce on Energy, Sustainability & 
Climate. BASF also supports the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD). In 2020, BASF contributed to the TCFD report on climate-related scenario analyses 
as a member of a TCFD advisory group. 
Water 
BASF aims to use water as sparingly as possible and further reduce emissions to water. To do so, BASF 
has set out a Group directive with globally applicable standards. 
BASF is introducing sustainable water management at all relevant production sites. These include its 
major Verbund sites as well as the sites in water stress areas. BASF has expanded its definition of water 
stress areas to all areas in which more than 40% of available water is used by industry, household and 
agriculture (previous definition: more than 60% of available water). Sustainable water management 
considers the quantitative, qualitative and social aspects of water use. BASF wants to identify where BASF 
can improve at its sites, and use as little water as possible, especially in water stress areas. BASF offers 
its customers solutions that help purify water and use it more efficiently while minimizing pollution. 
In order to ensure transparency in its reporting on water, BASF once again took part in CDP reporting in 
2020. BASF achieved the top grade of A and thus Leadership status for sustainable water management. 
CDP's evaluation of sustainable water management includes how transparently companies report on their 
water management activities and what they do to reduce risks, such as water scarcity. CDP also assesses 
the extent to which product developments – even at the customers of the companies under evaluation – 
can contribute to sustainable water management. 
Air and soil 
Regular monitoring of BASF's emissions to air is a part of its environmental management. Aside from 
greenhouse gases, BASF also measures emissions of other pollutants into the atmosphere. Its climate 
protection activities are based on a comprehensive analysis of its emissions. 
Its Raw Material Verbund helps the company prevent or reduce waste. BASF regularly carries out audits 
to inspect external waste disposal companies to ensure that waste is properly disposed of. In this way, 
BASF also contribute to preventive soil protection and keep today's waste from becoming tomorrow's 
contamination. If soil and groundwater contamination occurs at active or former BASF sites, proper 
remediation measures are reviewed based on prevailing legal and current technical standards, and 
undertaken as necessary. 
Employees 
BASF's employees are key to the successful implementation of the company's strategy. BASF is 
convinced of the value of excellent employees, leaders and working conditions, and strives to give its 
employees the tools and skills necessary to be able to offer its customers products and services with an 
even greater level of differentiation and customization. This positions BASF to meet the challenges of an 
increasingly rapidly changing environment, demographic change and the digital workplace. In everything 
                                                 
1 
Costs not relevant to the calculation of this share include research expenses in early innovation stages of the phase-gate 
process, patent costs and expenses for supporting services.

--- Page 56 ---
56
BASF does, the company is committed to complying with internationally recognized labor and social 
standards.  
Customer Focus 
With customers as its number one priority, BASF supplies products and services to around 90,000 
customers from various sectors in almost every country in the world. BASF's customer portfolio ranges 
from major global customers and small and medium-sized enterprises to end consumers. Due to such a 
comprehensive product portfolio, BASF is active in many value chains and value creation networks. BASF 
uses various business strategies, which are adapted to the needs of individual industries and markets. 
These range from cost leadership in basic chemicals to tailored, customer-specific system solutions. 
BASF strives to be its customers' most attractive partner for all challenges that can be solved with 
chemistry. This is why BASF continue to drive forward its focus on customers and their needs. BASF is 
refining its organizational structure so that its operating divisions can flexibly address specific market 
requirements and differentiate themselves from the competition. In addition, BASF is simplifying and 
digitalizing its processes to make the way it works more effective, more efficient and more agile. 
BASF is continuously increasing transparency for its customers and improving its customer service with a 
range of measures. For instance, BASF has used the Net Promoter System® since 2019. BASF is 
constantly improving its problem-solving skills, product quality and delivery reliability based on customer 
feedback. In 2020, BASF also started the global rollout of Salesforce, a new, integrated IT-based customer 
relationship management system. The user-friendly application helps sales employees deliver even better 
customer support and simplifies their work. 
Above and beyond this, BASF want to intensify cooperation with its customers and leverage growth 
potential together with them. For instance, BASF has created interdisciplinary teams in its business units 
to even better and more quickly address the needs of its most important customers. Cooperation and 
innovation are also the focus at its Creation Centers in Ludwigshafen, Germany; Mumbai, India; Shanghai, 
China; and Yokohama, Japan. These creative centers bring together its comprehensive materials, design, 
and in particular its digital development expertise in high-performance plastics using the latest visualization 
and collaboration technologies. This enables BASF to transform its customers’ ideas into tailored products 
and applications even more quickly – everything in one place, from initial inspiration to solution. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Under the German Securities Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz, WpHG) shareholders and individuals 
having access to voting rights are obliged to notify the issuer and the Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) immediately when reaching, exceeding 
or falling below the thresholds of 3, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 50 or 75% of the voting rights in a publicly listed 
company either through the acquisition or disposal of shares or other financial instruments or by any other 
means (Sections 33, 38 and 39 WpHG). 
For details of the history of notifications received by BASF where holders exceeded or fell below any of the 
statutory notification thresholds mentioned above refer to: 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/share-and-adrs/shareholder-structure/notification-of-voting-
rights.html 
The information on this website does not form part of the Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the Commission. 
Based on notifications received by BASF pursuant to Section 33 Paragraph 1 of the WpHG BASF is, as of 
the date of this Prospectus, not aware of any shareholder owning ten percent or more of BASF's 
outstanding shares. 
To BASF's knowledge, BASF is not directly or indirectly controlled or owned by another cooperation, by 
any government, or by any other natural or legal person, acting severally or jointly, and there are no 
arrangements which may result in a change of control.  
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
BASF Group did not enter into any contracts in the ordinary course of business, which could result in any 
member of the BASF Group being under an obligation or an entitlement that is material to BASF's ability to 
meet its obligations to the Holders in respect of the Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
57
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
General 
BASF Group companies are involved in legal, regulatory, governmental and arbitration proceedings in 
Germany and a number of foreign jurisdictions, including the United States, involving claims by and 
against them, which arise in the ordinary course of their businesses, including in connection with their 
business activities, employers, investors and taxpayers. It is not feasible to predict or determine the 
ultimate outcome of the ending or threatened proceedings. The management does not believe that the 
outcome of these proceedings, including those discussed below, will have or have had in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this Prospectus significant effects on the financial position or profitability of BASF 
and/or BASF Group after consideration of any applicable reserves. 
Specific proceedings 
BASF Corporation has potential liability under the Comprehensive Response, Compensation and Liability 
Act of 1980, as amended, and related state laws for investigation and cleanup at certain sites. The Lower 
Passaic River Study Area ("LPRSA") is one such site comprising the lower 17 miles of the Passaic River 
in New Jersey. BASF Corporation and more than 60 other companies (collectively, the Lower Passaic 
River Study Area Cooperating Parties Group or CPG) agreed to complete a remedial investigation / 
feasibility study (RI/FS) of the LPRSA. In 2016, the United States Environmental Protection Agency 
("USEPA") selected a final remedy for the lower eight miles of the LPRSA. In late 2018, USEPA indicated 
being amenable to the CPG's approach for remediation work in the upper portion of the LPRSA. 
Completion of the RI/FS occurred in August 2019 and a formal decision from USEPA on a targeted 
approach for the upper portion of the LPRSA is expected for 2021. BASF Corporation established a 
provision covering BASF's currently estimated share of the remediation costs. 
Between November 2014 and March 2015, a punative class action lawsuit and several additional lawsuits 
were filed in the United States District Court of the Southern District of New York against BASF Metals 
Limited ("BML"), based in the United Kingdom, along with other defendants, alleging violations of antitrust 
and commodities laws stemming from the price discovery process for platinum and palladium. The 
lawsuits were consolidated, and a Second Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint naming, among 
others, BASF Corporation, was eventually filed in July 2015 and dismissed on jurisdictional grounds on 
March 28, 2017. On May 15, 2017, the plaintiffs filed an amended Complaint that renews allegations 
against defendants and BML, while BASF Corporation is not named as a defendant. The defendants filed 
a renewed Joint Motion to Dismiss and BML filed a renewed Motion to Dismiss. In 2018 and 2019, no 
further developments in this proceeding occurred. A pro se complaint filed in September 2015 that was not 
consolidated into the Second Consolidated Amended Class Action Complaint was ultimately dismissed as 
of November 18, 2019. The plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal against this decision with the Court of Appeals 
for the 2nd Circuit and whereas BASF has filed to notice to dismiss the appeal. No oral hearing has yet 
been scheduled by the court. 
On February 14/15, 2020, a jury in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri 
awarded $15 million in compensatory damages and $250 million in punitive damages against defendants 
Monsanto Company and BASF Corporation. The verdict relates to alleged yield losses of a peach farmer 
in connection with the use of the dicamba herbicide. BASF and Monsanto filed posttrial motions to 
challenge the jury’s verdict. On November 25, 2020, the trial court ruled on the post-trial motions, and the 
punitive damages award was reduced from $250 million to $60 million. The court did not grant any other 
relief related to the jury’s verdict. BASF and Monsanto filed notices of appeal on December 18, 2020 
Since August 2019, BASF Corporation has been served in various U.S. federal and state lawsuits alleging 
property and resource damages and personal injuries from possible exposure to per- and polyflouroalkyl 
substances (PFAS). In December 2018, a multidistrict litigation (MDL) was created to coordinate claims 
brought against manufacturers, distributors, and suppliers of Aqueous Film Forming Foam (AFFF) in 
particular, which plaintiffs allege contains toxic levels of certain PFAS compounds including 
perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA) and perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS). Plaintiffs typically allege that 
exposure to AFFF has caused loss of use and enjoyment of property, diminished property value, 
remediation costs, and personal injuries including various types of cancers. The complaints name BASF 
as a defendant in connection with its 2009 acquisition of Ciba Specialty Chemicals Inc. and the legacy 
Ciba/BASF Lodyne fluorochemical product lines. BASF has been named in 638 suits as of Janary 2021 
and is defending all litigation. 
At this time, BASF cannot predict the outcomes of resolving these matters or what potential actions may 
be taken by regulatory agencies. An adverse outcome in any one or more of these matters could be 
material to BASF’s financial results.

--- Page 58 ---
58
Furthermore, BASF SE and its affiliated companies are defendants in or parties to a variety of judicial, 
arbitrational or regulatory proceedings on a recurring basis. To BASF's current knowledge, none of these 
proceedings will have a material effect on the economic situation of BASF Group.  
SIGNIFICANT CHANGES/TREND INFORMATION 
There have been no significant changes in the financial position of BASF Group since June 30, 2021. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of BASF since the date of the last published 
audited financial statements as of December 31, 2020. There has not been any significant change in the 
financial performance of BASF Group since June 30, 2021, the end of the last financial period for which 
financial information has been published, to the date of the Prospectus. 
OUTLOOK 
The recovery of the global economy continued in the first half of 2021, following the pandemic-related 
collapse in the first half of 2020. Industrial production grew significantly compared with the prior-year 
period, whereas activities across large parts of the retail industry, food services and other consumer-
oriented service sectors continued to be restricted by health and safety measures. Global gross domestic 
product is expected to have grown by around 7% year on year in the first half of 2021. 
Based on preliminary data as well as some estimates, global industrial production expanded by around 
10% in the first half of 2021 compared with the prior-year period. Due to the varying degree of contraction 
in production across customer industries in the first half of 2020, growth rates also varied compared to the 
prior-year period. The global automotive industry recorded especially strong growth of over 30%. Its 
recovery was relatively strong compared with China due to greater base effects in the United States and 
Europe. In absolute terms, however, the Chinese market showed the most robust growth at 2.3 million 
units. Consumer goods production also increased by a double-digit rate, for example in the furniture and 
textiles sectors as well as in the electronics and electric industries. Due to low interest rates and 
government economic stimulus packages, the construction industry also expanded at a relatively high rate. 
Growth in agriculture, the food industry, as well as the detergent and cleaner industry was above the 
longer-term average, but lagged behind other industries. This was because these sectors were impacted 
to a lesser exent by the lockdowns in the spring of 2020. 
Global chemical production in the first half of 2021 also expanded by around 10% compared with the prior-
year period. The momentum of global chemical production varied by region: The Chinese market recorded 
growth of more than 20% in the first quarter of 2021. In the second quarter of 2021, high demand and 
base effects subsequently led to double-digit growth rates in Europe. By contrast, overall chemical 
production in the United States declined slightly in the first half of 2021. This was caused by a multi-week 
loss of petrochemical capacities on the Gulf coast of Texas due to a sudden frost in mid-February. 
The price of oil averaged $65 per barrel (Brent crude) in the first half of 2021, significantly above the 
average for the prior-year period ($40 per barrel). The growing demand for oil due to economic factors 
alongside the largely constant supply led to a rise in the price of oil from $55 per barrel in January to 
$73 per barrel in June. 
For the second half of 2021, BASF anticipates largely stable Industrial economic development and 
assumes in its forecast that economic activity will not be restricted by coronavirus pandemic prevention 
measures. However, a high degree of uncertainty remains due to dynamic infection rates and lasting 
disruptions in global supply chains. 
Risks result from the volatility of raw materials prices and a faster-than-expected price decrease due to 
weaker market development. Opportunities could arise from continued positive development of margins 
and demand as well as from a short-term elimination of supply bottlenecks, primarily in the chip industry. 
For the remaining risk factors, the statements on opportunities and risks made in the BASF Report 2020 
continue to apply overall. According to the company’s assessment, there continue to be no individual risks 
that pose a threat to the continued existence of the BASF Group. The same applies to the sum of 
individual risks, even in the case of another global economic crisis. 
RECENT EVENTS 
• On September 1, 2021, it was announced that BASF completed the purchase of 49.5% of Vattenfall's 
wind farm Hollandse Kust Zuid (HKZ). The purchase price amounts to €0.3 billion. Including BASF's 
contribution to fund the wind farm construction, BASF's total commitment amounts to around €1.6

--- Page 59 ---
59
billion. 
• On August 31, 2021, following the approval of all relevant authorities, the new BASF and Shanshan 
joint venture "BASF Shanshan Battery Materials Co., Ltd" was formed. This BASF majority-owned joint 
venture (BASF: 51%; Shanshan: 49%) has been formed to produce cathode active materials (CAM) 
and precursors (PCAM) in China. 
• On July 6, 2021, BASF and Clayton, Dubilier & Rice announced, the signing of an agreement to sell 
Solenis to Platinum Equity, a private equity company based in Los Angeles, California. The transaction 
implies an enterprise value for Solenis of $5.25 billion. That amount includes net financial debt of 
around $2.5 billion, subject to any adjustments at closing. Since February 1, 2019, BASF has held a 
49% share in Solenis and has reported its share in the company using the equity method; 51% of the 
shares are held by funds managed by Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, and by Solenis management. Pending 
approval by the relevant authorities, the closing of the transaction is expected before the end of 2021. 
• On June 30, 2021, BASF closed the divestiture of its global pigments business which BASF agreed to 
sell to DIC, Tokyo, Japan on August 29, 2019. The purchase price on a cash and debt-free basis was 
EUR 1.15 billion. 
• On June 16, 2021, the shareholders of Wintershall Dea – BASF and LetterOne – decided to postpone 
the initial public offering to a later date due to current market conditions. The IPO was previously 
planned for the second half of 2021, subject to market conditions. The IPO will occur post 2021. 
• On December 17, 2020, BASF appointed Dr. Melanie Maas-Brunner as a member of the Board of 
Executive Directors while also announcing the departure of Wayne T. Smith as of May 31, 2021. 
• On September 30, 2020, BASF closed the divestiture of its construction chemicals business to an 
affiliate of Lone Star, a global private equity firm, as agreed in December 2019. The purchase price on 
a cash and debt-free basis was EUR 3.17 billion. The divested construction chemicals business had 
around 7,500 employees and operated production sites and sales offices in more than 60 countries. It 
generated sales of around EUR 2.6 billion in 2019.

--- Page 60 ---
60
BASF FINANCE EUROPE N.V. AS ISSUER 
STATUTORY AUDITORS 
The independent auditor of BASF Finance is BDO Audit & Assurance B.V., P.O. Box 71730, 1008 DE 
Amsterdam, Krijgsman 9, 1186 DM Amstelveen, The Netherlands. The auditor signing on behalf of BDO 
Audit & Assurance B.V. is a member of the Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants 
(Koninklijke Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants) in The Netherlands. They have audited the 
financial statements of BASF Finance for the years 2020 and 2019, which were prepared in accordance 
with Dutch GAAP and have issued an unqualified opinion. 
Investors should read the information below together with the financial statements of BASF Finance, 
including the notes thereto, and the other financial information that is included elsewhere in, or 
incorporated by reference into, this Prospectus. 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial information below was extracted from the audited financial statements of BASF Finance for 
the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 and from the unaudited half-year reports 2021 and 2020. 
All statements have been prepared in accordance with Dutch GAAP.  
 
 
January 1, 2021 -
June 30, 2021 
January 1, 2020 -
June 30, 2020 
 
thousand EUR 
Sales 
- 
- 
Financial result 
30 
(722) 
Other operating expenses 
108 
91 
Net income 
(78) 
(606) 
 
 
 
 
January 1, 2021 -
June 30, 2021 
January 1, 2020 -
June 30, 2020 
 
thousand EUR 
Total assets 
686,630 
1,700,083 
Stockholders' equity 
8,559 
9,745 
Noncurrent liabilities 
664,381 
682,931 
Current liabilities 
13,690 
1,007,407 
Current ratio 
1.63 
1.019 
 
 
January 1, 2020 -
December 31, 2020 
January 1, 2019 –
December 31, 2019 
 
thousand EUR 
Sales 
- 
- 
Financial result 
(2,067) 
(2,241) 
Other operating expenses 
211 
174 
Tax on result from ordinary activities 
564 
547 
Net income 
(1,714) 
(1,868)

--- Page 61 ---
61
 
December 31, 
2020 
December 31, 
2019 
 
thousand EUR 
Total assets 
680,054 
1,695,729 
Stockholders' equity 
8,637 
10,351 
Provisions 
- 
- 
Noncurrent liabilities 
658,725 
681,997 
Current liabilities 
12,692 
1,003,381 
Current ratio 
1.685 
1.019 
 
 
for the Financial Year ended Dec. 31 
for the second quarter 
period ended June 30 
EUR thousand 
2020
2019
2021 
2020
Cash flows from operating 
activities 
989
534
1,016 
901
Cash flows from financing 
activities 
(1,000,000)
(1,650,000)
- 
-
Cash flows from investing 
activities 
1,000,000
1,650,000
- 
-
 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The audited financial statements of BASF Finance for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2019 and 
the auditor's report thereon, contained in the Financial Report on pages 9-34, are incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus. 
The audited financial statements of BASF Finance for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2020 and 
the auditor's report thereon, contained in the Financial Report on pages 9-33, are incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus. 
The unaudited interim financial statements of BASF Finance as of June 30, 2021, contained in the Semi-
Annual Report 2020 on pages 8-24, are incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT BASF FINANCE 
BASF Finance Europe N.V. was incorporated on April 22, 1976 under the laws of The Netherlands as a 
public limited liability company (naamloze vennootschap). It is operating under the laws of The 
Netherlands. The company has its corporate seat in Arnhem, The Netherlands and is registered with the 
trade register of the Dutch chamber of commerce (Handelsregister van de Kamer van Koophandel) under 
number 09041351. Its registered office is: Groningensingel 1, 6835 EA Arnhem, The Netherlands 
(telephone: 0031-26371 7171). 
BASF Finance acts solely to facilitate the financing of BASF Group. All debt securities of BASF Finance 
(such as the Notes) are wholly and unconditionally guaranteed by BASF in respect of principal and interest 
payments. Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of BASF Finance is 724500670HAI5ERPDA03. The website of 
BASF Finance is www.basf.com. The information on this website does not form part of the Prospectus and 
has not been scrutinised or approved by the Commission. 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
BASF Finance is a wholly owned subsidiary of BASF and has no subsidiaries of its own. 
Management Bodies 
Management Board 
The Management Board consists of the following members: 
• Frank Wilhelmi, Eppelheim, Germany, Vice President Corporate Finance of BASF SE.

--- Page 62 ---
62
• R.J. Holtermann, Arnhem, The Netherlands, Director of BASF Nederland B.V. 
• I.J. Hoekstra, Arnhem, The Netherlands, General Manager of BASF Nederland B.V. 
None of the above members of the Management Board have any conflict of interests between any duties 
to BASF Finance and their private interests or other duties. 
The members of the Management Board may be contacted at BASF Finance's business address: 
Groningensingel 1, 6835 EA Arnhem, The Netherlands. 
Supervisory Board 
The Supervisory Board consists of the following members: 
• Oliver Nussbaum, Wachenheim, Germany, Senior Vice President Tax of BASF SE 
• Birka Benecke, Mannheim, Germany, Senior Vice President Corporate Treasury of BASF SE 
• Cornelis Maria Becx, Nijmegen, The Netherlands, Head of Legal & Insurances, BASF Nederland B.V. 
None of the above members of the Supervisory Board have any potential conflict of interests between any 
duties to BASF Finance and their private interests or other duties. 
The members of the Supervisory Board may be contacted at BASF Finance's business address: 
Groningensingel 1, 6835 EA Arnhem, The Netherlands. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW – PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND PRINCIPAL MARKETS 
According to Article (2) of its Articles of Association, BASF Finance acts to facilitate the financing of BASF 
Group by taking loans from and issuing notes to the market and on-lending the funds to companies within 
BASF Group. The business of BASF Finance is directly related to the extent BASF SE utilizes BASF 
Finance for future funding needs. The extent future funding needs arise depends on the development of 
the operating business and investment projects of BASF SE and its subsidiaries. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
There are no, nor have there been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings and BASF Finance 
is not aware of any such proceedings pending or threatened which may have or have had in the 12 
months preceding the date of this Prospectus a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of 
BASF Finance or BASF Group. 
SIGNIFICANT CHANGES/TREND INFORMATION 
There have been no significant changes in the financial position of BASF Finance since June 30, 2021. 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of BASF Finance since the date of the last 
published audited financial statements as of December 31, 2020. No developments are currently foreseen 
that are reasonably likely to have a material negative effect on BASF Finance's prospects. There has not 
been any significant change in the financial performance of BASF Group since June 30, 2021, the end of the 
last financial period for which financial information has been published, to the date of the Prospectus. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Share capital 
The authorized share capital of BASF Finance amounts to EUR 2,086,875. It is divided into 46,375 
ordinary registered shares with a nominal value of EUR 45 each. Each share represents one vote. All 
issued shares have fully been paid up. All shares are registered shares. No share certificates have been 
nor will be issued. 
Credit rating 
BASF Finance itself is not rated by any rating agency. BASF guarantees the payment of interest on and 
principal of the Notes issued by BASF Finance. For detailed information about the BASF rating please 
refer to chapter "BASF SE as Issuer and Guarantor – Organizational Structure – Credit ratings".

--- Page 63 ---
63
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
Introduction 
 The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions") are set forth 
below for two options: 
 
 Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes 
with fixed interest rates.  
 
 Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes 
with floating interest rates. 
 
 The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains certain further 
options, which are characterized accordingly by indicating the respective optional 
provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in 
square brackets within the set of Terms and Conditions.  
 
 In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of Option I or Option II including 
certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall apply with respect to an 
individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the relevant provisions or by referring to 
the relevant options. 
 
 To the extent that upon the approval of the Prospectus neither the Issuer nor the 
Guarantor had knowledge of certain items which are applicable to an individual issue 
of Notes, this Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square brackets which 
include the relevant items that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
In the case the 
Final Terms 
applicable to an 
individual issue 
only refer to the 
further options 
contained in the 
set of Terms and 
Conditions for 
Option I or Option 
II, the following 
applies  
 [The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply to the Notes as completed by 
the terms of the final terms which are attached hereto the "Final Terms"). The blanks 
in the provisions of these Terms and Conditions which are applicable to the Notes 
shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if 
such information were inserted in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or optional 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions as to which the corresponding provisions of 
the Final Terms are not completed or are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from 
these Terms and Conditions; and all provisions of these Terms and Conditions which 
are inapplicable to the Notes (including instructions, explanatory notes and text set out 
in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted from these Terms and Conditions, 
as required to give effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the Final Terms 
may be obtained free of charge at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the 
principal office of the Issuer provided that, in the case of Notes which are not listed on 
any stock exchange, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available to 
Holders of such Notes.] 
 
 OPTION I – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with fixed interest rates  
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 (1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the "Notes") of [BASF SE] [BASF 
Finance Europe N.V.] (["BASF"]["BASF Finance"] or the "Issuer") is being issued in 
[Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount 
[in the case the global note is an NGN the following applies: , subject to § 1(4),] of 
[aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) 
in the denomination of [specified denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
 
 (2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
represented 
 [(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note 
(the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall

--- Page 64 ---
64
by a Permanent 
Global Note the 
following applies 
(for Notes issued 
in compliance with 
the C Rules and/or 
Notes kept in 
custody by or on 
behalf of CDS) 
be signed by authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on 
behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
initially 
represented by a 
Temporary  
Global Note the 
following applies 
(for Notes issued 
in compliance with 
the D Rules) 
 [(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange.  
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable 
for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented by a permanent global note 
(the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by authorized signatories of the 
Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
 
 (b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global Note 
from a date 40 days after the date of issue of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions) as required by U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on Notes represented 
by a Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. 
A separate certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of 
interest. Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of 
issue of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a 
request to exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to this subparagraph 
(b) of this § 1(3). Any securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global 
Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States (as defined in § 6(2)).] 
 
 (4) Clearing System. The global note representing the Notes will be kept in custody by 
[or on behalf of the Clearing System. "Clearing System" means [If more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking AG, Neue Börsenstr. 1, 60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of 
Germany, ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium, ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear 
each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs")] and any successor in such capacity.] 
[CDS & Co., as nominee for CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. ("CDS", or 
the "Clearing System").] 
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and 
the global note is 
an NGN the 
following applies 
 [The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs.
 The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the global note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The 
records of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for 
its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) shall 
be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the 
global note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD stating the amount 
of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time.
 
 On any redemption or payment of interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the global note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) in respect of the global note shall be entered accordingly in the records 
of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the global note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled. 
 
 [In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN the following applies: On an

--- Page 65 ---
65
exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered accordingly in the 
records of the ICSDs.]] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and 
the global note is a 
CGN the following 
applies 
 [The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody 
by a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes which are 
represented 
by a Permanent 
Global Note kept in 
custody by or on 
behalf of CDS the 
following applies 
 [Beneficial interests in the Permanent Global Note will be represented through book-
entry accounts of financial institutions acting on behalf of beneficial owners as direct 
and indirect participants in CDS. Interests in the Permanent Global Note may be held 
by participants of such systems directly through any of CDS, 85, Richmond Street 
West, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 2C9 (in Canada), Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 
Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, ("CBL") and 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium, 
("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" and together the "ICSDs") (in 
Europe), or indirectly through organizations which are participants in such systems. 
Euroclear and CBL will hold interests on behalf of their participants through 
customers' securities accounts in their respective names on the books of their 
respective Canadian subcustodians, each of which is a Canadian Schedule I 
chartered bank ("Canadian Subcustodians"), which in turn will hold such interests in 
customers' securities accounts in the names of the Canadian Subcustodians on the 
books of CDS. 
 
 For so long as any of the Notes are represented by the Permanent Global Note, the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any other paying agents shall treat CDS & Co., or any 
other nominee appointed by CDS, as the sole holder of such Permanent Global Note 
for all purposes. The Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures of CDS. Direct rights 
can only be exercised in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and the rules and 
procedures of CDS. 
 
 No beneficial owner of the Notes will be entitled to receive physical delivery of Notes 
in definitive form except in the limited circumstances described below. If the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note are held by or on behalf of CDS and (i) 
CDS has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as a 
depository for the Notes and a successor depository is not appointed by the Issuer 
within 90 Payment Business Days (as defined in § 4(4)) after receiving such notice; or 
(ii) CDS ceases to be a recognized clearing agency under the Securities Act (Ontario) 
or a self-regulatory organization under the Securities Act (Québec) or other applicable 
Canadian securities legislation and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the 
Issuer is available within 90 Payment Business Days of the Issuer becoming aware 
that CDS is no longer so recognized, the Issuer will issue, or cause to be issued, 
definitive Notes in exchange for the Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 (5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or [In 
the case of Notes which are represented by a Permanent Global Note kept in 
custody by or on behalf of CDS the following applies: (except as otherwise 
provided in § 1(4) above and § 4(1) below)] other beneficial interest or right in the 
Notes.

--- Page 66 ---
66
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE ISSUER[, GUARANTEE AND NEGATIVE 
PLEDGE OF THE GUARANTOR] 
 
 (1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations 
are accorded priority under mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
 
 (2) Negative Pledge. The Issuer undertakes, as long as any Notes are outstanding, 
but only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to provide security upon any of its assets for any 
present or future Capital Market Indebtedness or any guarantees or other indemnities 
resulting therefrom, without at the same time having the Holders share equally and 
ratably in such security or such other security as shall be approved by an independent 
accounting firm of internationally recognized standing as being equivalent security. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any obligation for the repayment of borrowed 
money which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes or other 
securities, with an original maturity of more than one year, which are, or are capable 
of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other recognized 
securities market. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(3) Guarantee and Negative Pledge of the Guarantor. BASF (the "Guarantor") has 
given its unconditional and irrevocable guarantee (the "Guarantee") for the due and 
punctual payment of principal of, and interest on, and any other amounts payable 
under any Note. The Guarantor has further undertaken in a negative pledge (the 
"Negative Pledge"), so long as any of the Notes are outstanding, but only up to the 
time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the 
Fiscal Agent, not to provide security upon any of its assets for any present or future 
Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined above) or any guarantees or other 
indemnities resulting therefrom, without at the same time having the Holders share 
equally and ratably in such security as shall be approved by an independent 
accounting firm of internationally recognized standing as being equivalent security. 
The Guarantee and Negative Pledge constitute a contract for the benefit of the 
Holders from time to time as third party beneficiaries in accordance with § 328 
German Civil Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch, BGB), giving rise to the right of each 
Holder to require performance of the Guarantee and the Negative Pledge directly from 
the Guarantor and to enforce the Guarantee and the Negative Pledge directly against 
the Guarantor.] 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST  
 
 (1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
If the Notes are 
endowed with a 
constant interest 
rate the following 
applies 
 [The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate principal amount at the rate of [Rate 
of Interest]% per annum from (and including) [Interest Commencement Date] to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date (as defined in § 5(1)). Interest shall be payable in 
arrear on [Fixed Interest Date or Dates] in each year (each such date, an "Interest 
Payment Date").] 
 
  
If the Notes are 
endowed with 
different interest 
rates the following 
applies 
 [The Notes shall bear interest on their aggregate principal amount as follows which 
shall be payable in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date: 
 
 
From 
(and including) 
 
[specified dates] 
To 
(but excluding) 
 
[specified dates] 
(each such date, an 
"Interest Payment Date") 
 
per cent. per annum 
 
[specified rates]]

--- Page 67 ---
67
 
 
 
 The first payment of interest shall be made on [First Interest Payment Date] [If First 
Interest Payment Date is not first anniversary of Interest Commencement Date 
the following applies: and will amount to [Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination].] [If Maturity Date is not a Fixed Interest Date the following 
applies: Interest in respect of the period from (and including) [Fixed Interest Date 
preceding the Maturity Date] to (but excluding) the Maturity Date will amount to 
[Final Broken Amount per Specified Denomination].] 
 
 (2) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer shall fail to redeem the Notes when due, interest 
shall continue to accrue beyond the due date until the actual redemption of the Notes 
at the default rate of interest established by law.(1) 
 
 (3) Calculation of Interest for Partial Periods. If interest is required to be calculated for 
a period of less than a full year, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
Day Count Fraction (as defined below).
 
 (4) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means with regard to the calculation of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest payments 
(excluding the case 
of short or long 
coupons) the 
following applies 
 [the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the actual number of 
days in the respective Interest Period.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest payments 
(including the case 
of short coupons) 
the following 
applies 
 [the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the number of days in the 
Reference Period in which the Calculation Period falls.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with two or more 
constant interest 
periods within an 
interest year 
(including in the 
case of short 
coupons) the 
following applies 
 [the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in the Reference Period in which the Calculation Period falls and (2) the 
number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur 
in one calendar year if interest were payable in respect of the whole of such year.]  
 
  
In the case of 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) is 
applicable and if 
the Calculation 
Period is longer 
than one Reference 
Period (long 
coupon) the 
following applies 
 [the sum of:  
(a) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Reference Period in 
which the Calculation Period begins divided by [In the case of Reference 
Periods of less than one year the following applies: the product of (x)] the 
number of days in such Reference Period [In the case of Reference Periods 
of less than one year the following applies: and (y) the number of Interest 
Payment Dates that occur in one calendar year or that would occur in one 
calendar year if interest were payable in respect of the whole of such year]; and 
 
 (b) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Reference 
Period divided by [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one year 
                                                 
(1) 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time; §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch, BGB).

--- Page 68 ---
68
the following applies: the product of (x)] the number of days in such Reference 
Period [In the case of Reference Periods of less than one year the following 
applies: and (y) the number of Interest Payment Dates that occur in one 
calendar year or that would occur in one calendar year if interest were payable 
in respect of the whole of such year]. 
 
 
The following 
applies for all 
options of Actual/ 
Actual (ICMA Rule 
251) except for 
option 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Rule 251) 
with annual 
interest payments 
(excluding the case 
of short or long 
coupons) 
 ["Reference Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date to, but excluding, the first Interest Payment Date or from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to, but excluding the next Interest Payment 
Date. [In the case of a short first or last Calculation Period the following applies: 
For the purposes of determining the relevant Reference Period only, [deemed 
Interest Payment Date] shall be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date.] [In the 
case of a long first or last Calculation Period the following applies: For the 
purposes of determining the relevant Reference Period only, [deemed Interest 
Payment Dates] shall each be deemed to be an Interest Payment Date].] 
 
  
In the case of 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
the following 
applies 
 [the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
 
  
In the case of 
30/360, 360/360 or 
Bond Basis the 
following applies 
 [the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (A) 
the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month, but the first day of 
the Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 
30-day month, or (B) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month 
of February in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).] 
 
  
In the case of 
30E/360 or 
Eurobond Basis 
the following 
applies 
 [the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to 
be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without 
regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period).] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes denominated 
in CAD and kept in 
custody by or on 
behalf of CDS the 
following applies 
 [(5) Interest Act (Canada). For purposes of the disclosure required under the Interest 
Act (Canada), whenever any interest is calculated on the basis of a period of time 
other than a calendar year, the annual rate of interest to which each implied rate of 
interest applicable to such calculation is equivalent for the purposes of the Interest Act 
(Canada) is such implied rate multiplied by the actual number of days in the calendar 
year in which the same is to be ascertained and divided by the number of days used 
in the basis of such determination. The foregoing sentence is a disclosure statement 
required by Canadian law and, for greater certainty, nothing in this subparagraph (5) 
modifies in any way how interest is calculated on the Notes for any period.] 
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
In the case of 
principal and 
interest payable on 
a global note kept 
in custody by CBF 
or on behalf of the 
ICSDs the 
following applies 
 (1) [(a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
 (b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to sub-
paragraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System.

--- Page 69 ---
69
In the case of 
interest payable on 
a Temporary 
Global Note the 
following applies 
 [Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be 
made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as 
provided in § 1(3)(b).]] 
 
  
In the case of 
principal and 
interest payable on 
a Permanent 
Global Note kept in 
custody by or on 
behalf of CDS the 
following applies 
 [Payment of Principal and Interest, Discharge. Principal and interest payments in 
respect of the Notes will be made to CDS & Co., or any other nominee appointed by 
CDS, and CDS will distribute the payment received to the relevant securities 
accounts. CDS & Co., or any other nominee appointed by CDS, which shall be treated 
as the sole holder of the Permanent Global Note, shall be the only person entitled to 
receive payments in respect of the Notes represented by such Permanent Global Note 
and the Issuer shall be discharged by payment to or to the order of, the sole holder of 
such Permanent Global Note for each amount so paid. Each person shown in the 
records of CDS as the beneficial owner of a particular principal amount of the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Global Note must look solely to CDS for his, her or its 
share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the sole holder of 
the Permanent Global Note. No person other than the holder of the Permanent Global 
Note shall have any claim against the Issuer in respect of any payments due on such 
Permanent Global Note.] 
 
 (2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto, [In the case of Notes denominated in 
Renminbi, the following applies: and subject to a settlement at the U.S. Dollar 
Equivalent due to Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity in accordance with 
subparagraph (7)], payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes shall be made in 
the Specified Currency. 
In the case of 
principal and 
interest payable on 
a global note kept 
in custody by CBF 
or on behalf of the 
ICSDs the 
following applies 
 [(3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System.] 
 
 [(4)] Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note is not a Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any day which is 
In the case of 
Notes not 
denominated in 
EUR the following 
applies 
 [a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in [relevant financial centre(s)] and on which the 
Clearing System is open to effect payments.] 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes denominated 
in EUR, the 
following applies 
 [a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System as well as 
all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") are open to effect payments]. 
 
 [(5)] References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions 
to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the 
Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
[If redeemable at the option of the Issuer for other than tax reasons the 
following applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the Notes;] [If redeemable at the 
option of the Holder the following applies: the Put Redemption Amount of the 
Notes;] [If redeemable at option of the Issuer upon publication of a Transaction 
Trigger Notice the following applies: the Trigger Call Redemption Amount;] and

--- Page 70 ---
70
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the 
Notes. References in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be 
payable under § 7. 
 
 [(6)] Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the local court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, principal or interest 
not claimed by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though 
such Holders may not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that 
the deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of 
such Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
In the case of 
Notes denominated 
in Renminbi, the 
following applies 
 [(7) (a) Payment Postponement or U.S. Dollar Equivalent Settlement. 
Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in the Terms and Conditions, if by 
reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each a "RMB Currency 
Event"), the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor] determines (in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) that it is not able to satisfy in full payments in respect of the Notes [In the 
case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, in respect of the 
Guarantee] when due in RMB in Hong Kong, the Issuer [In the case of Notes 
issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] may [If early 
redemption at the option of the Issuer for Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or 
Illiquidity is applicable, the following applies:, subject to an early redemption 
pursuant to § 5([7]),] at its sole discretion (i) postpone the relevant payment to two 
Business Days after the date on which the RMB Currency Event ceases to exist 
unless the RMB Currency Event continues to exist 14 consecutive days after the 
relevant due date, or (ii) settle any such payment in U.S. dollars on the due date at 
the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such RMB amount. If the Issuer [In the case of 
Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] decides to 
postpone the relevant payment and the RMB Currency Event continues to exist for 
more than 14 consecutive days after the relevant due date, the Issuer [In the case of 
Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] will settle 
the relevant payment in U.S. dollars on the Business Day following the 14th 
consecutive day after the relevant due date at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of any such 
RMB amount. Upon the determination that an RMB Currency Event has occurred, the 
Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor] shall by no later than 14:00 (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation 
Date, (i) notify the Calculation Agent (as defined in § 6), and (ii) instruct the 
Calculation Agent to notify the Holders in accordance with § 13, of the occurrence of 
an RMB Currency Event and the decision of the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued 
by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] to postpone payments or 
to settle payments in U.S. dollars, as the case may be. In such circumstances, the 
Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor] shall procure the giving of such notice to the Holders as soon as 
reasonably practicable in accordance with § 13. In the case of payments made under 
this § 4[(7)](a), no interest shall accrue from and including the relevant due date of 
the Notes to and including the day of actual redemption of the Notes. 
 
 (b) U.S. Dollar Payments. If the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF 
Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] decides to settle payments in U.S. 
dollars, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant RMB amount will be 
made to the person(s) in accordance with this § 4. Payment made in accordance 
therewith shall discharge the obligations of the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued 
by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] in respect of that payment 
under the Notes [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case 
may be, in respect of the Guarantee]. 
 
 (c) Unavailability of Spot Rate. If (a) the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by 
BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] decides to settle payments in 
U.S. dollars, and (b) it becomes impossible to obtain the Spot Rate on the Rate 
Calculation Date, the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor] may at its sole discretion postpone the Rate 
Calculation Date to the next Business Day on which the Spot Rate can be obtained 
unless the unavailability of the Spot Rate continues for up to 15 consecutive days 
after the day that, but for the unavailability of the Spot Rate, would have been the

--- Page 71 ---
71
Rate Calculation Date (the "Initial Rate Calculation Date"). If the Issuer [In the case 
of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] decides 
to postpone the Rate Calculation Date and the Spot Rate does not become available 
until the 15th consecutive day after the Initial Rate Calculation Date, the Business Day 
first succeeding the 15th consecutive day after the Initial Rate Calculation Date shall 
be the Rate Calculation Date. If the Rate Calculation Date is postponed the relevant 
due date for payments will be postponed to the second Business Day after the Rate 
Calculation Date. The Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor] shall without undue delay after it has determined 
that it becomes impossible to obtain the Spot Rate on the Rate Calculation Date (i) 
notify the Calculation Agent, and (ii) instruct the Calculation Agent to notify the 
Holders in accordance with § 13, of the unavailability of the Spot Rate and the 
decision of the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor] to postpone the Rate Calculation Date or to instruct the 
Calculation Agent to determine the Spot Rate. In such circumstances, the Issuer [In 
the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] 
shall procure the giving of such notice to the Holders as soon as reasonably 
practicable in accordance with § 13. In the case of payments made under this 
§ 4[(7)](c), no interest shall accrue from and including the relevant due date of the 
Notes to and including the day of actual redemption of the Notes. 
 
 (d) Definitions. For the purposes of this subparagraph (7), the following terms shall 
have the following meanings:
 
 "Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any 
agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority of Hong Kong or any other entity (private or public) charged 
with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong.
 
 "Hong Kong" means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's 
Republic of China. 
 
 "Illiquidity" means the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong becomes 
illiquid, other than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-transferability, as a 
result of which the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the 
case may be, the Guarantor] cannot, having used its reasonable endeavours, obtain 
sufficient RMB in order to fully satisfy its obligation to make payments in respect of 
the Notes [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, 
in respect of the Guarantee]. 
 
 "Inconvertibility" means that it is impossible or, where reasonable endeavours have 
been made, impracticable, to convert any amount due in respect of the Notes [In the 
case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, in respect of the 
Guarantee] in the general RMB exchange market in Hong Kong, other than where 
such impossibility or impracticability is due solely to the failure of the Issuer [In the 
case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] to 
comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the relevant Issue Date of the 
Notes and it is impossible or, having used its reasonable endeavours, impracticable 
for the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor], due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule 
or regulation). 
 
 "Non-transferability" means that it is impossible or, where reasonable endeavours 
have been made, impracticable, to deliver RMB between accounts inside Hong Kong 
or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account outside Hong Kong, other than 
where such impossibility or impracticability is due solely to the failure of the Issuer [In 
the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] 
to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority 
(unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the relevant Issue Date of the 
Notes and it is impossible or, having used its reasonable endeavours, impracticable 
for the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor], due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule 
or regulation). 
 
 "Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is two Business Days before the due 
date of the relevant payment under these Terms and Conditions subject to an

--- Page 72 ---
72
adjustment in accordance with subparagraph (7)(c) above.
 
 "Spot Rate" means the arithmetic mean of the offer and the bid U.S. Dollar/RMB spot 
exchange rate for the purchase of U.S. Dollars with RMB in the over-the-counter RMB 
exchange market in Hong Kong for settlement in two Business Days, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate 
Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page 
TRADCNY3 under the column USD/CNH, or if no such rates are available, on a non-
deliverable basis by reference to Reuters Screen Page TRADNDF or the respective 
successor pages. If neither rate is available, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Spot Rate at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the Rate Calculation Date as 
the most recently available U.S. Dollar/RMB official fixing rate for settlement in two 
Business Days reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the 
People's Republic of China, which is reported on the Reuters Screen Page 
CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display page so 
designated on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or 
such other page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable 
currency exchange rate.
 
 "U.S. Dollar Equivalent" of an RMB amount means the relevant RMB amount 
converted into U.S. dollars using the Spot Rate for the relevant Rate Calculation Date 
as determined by the Calculation Agent and promptly notified to the Issuer [In the 
case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor]. 
 
 "Business Day" means for the purposes of this § 4(7) a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange) in [Hong Kong, Beijing]. 
 
 (e) References. References to "RMB" are to the lawful currency of the mainland 
People's Republic of China, excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan.
 
 (f) Determinations Binding. All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of these provisions by the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer [In the case of Notes 
issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor], the Agents and 
all Holders.] 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 (1) Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased 
and cancelled [In the case of Notes denominated in Renminbi, the following 
applies: or, as the case may be, subject to a Payment Postponement pursuant to 
§ 4(7)], the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on [Maturity 
Date] (the "Maturity Date"). The "Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each 
Note shall be its principal amount. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies  
 [(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change 
is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was 
issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation 
cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer, the 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole, but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon 
not more than 60 days', but not less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to 
the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Early 
Redemption Amount (as defined below), together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
 
 However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional 
Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such

--- Page 73 ---
73
notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect.]  
 
 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or The 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting 
taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment 
to, an official interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which 
amendment or change is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this 
series of Notes was issued, the Issuer or the Guarantor is required to pay Additional 
Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as 
defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable 
measures available to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, the Notes 
may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not more 
than 60 days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Early Redemption Amount 
(as defined below), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
 
 However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the 
time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not 
remain in effect.] 
 
 Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 13. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form 
of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption for 
Reasons of a 
Change of Control 
the following 
applies 
 [(3) Change of Control. If there occurs a Change of Control and within the Change of 
Control Period a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs 
(together called a "Put Event"), each Holder will have the option (unless, prior to the 
giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with § 5(2)) to require the Issuer to redeem that Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date at its principal amount together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Optional Redemption Date. 
For the purposes of such option: 
"Rating Agency" means each of the rating agencies of S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P") and Moody's Investors Services ("Moody's") or any of their respective 
successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified 
from time to time by BASF; 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of 
Control if within the Change of Control Period any rating previously assigned to BASF 
or the Notes by any Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn or (ii) changed from an investment 
grade rating (BBB- by S&P/Baa3 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the time being, or 
better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+ by S&P/Ba1 by Moody's, or its 
equivalent for the time being, or worse); 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or 
not approved by the Board of Executive Directors or Supervisory Board of BASF) that 
any person or persons ("Relevant Person(s)") acting in concert (as defined in § 30 
(2) of the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und 
Übernahmegesetz)) or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such Relevant 
Person(s), at any time directly or indirectly acquire(s) or come(s) to own such number 
of the shares in the capital of BASF carrying more than 50% of the voting rights; 
"Change of Control Period" means the period ending 120 days after the occurrence 
of the Change of Control; and 
The "Optional Redemption Date" is the fifteenth day after the last day of the Put 
Period. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the Holders in accordance with § 13 
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the 
procedure for exercising the option set out in this § 5(3).

--- Page 74 ---
74
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must send to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in text format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) or 
in written form ("Put Notice") within the period of 45 days after a Put Event Notice (the 
"Put Period") has been given. In the event that the Put Notice is received after 5:00 
p.m. Frankfurt am Main time on the 45th after the Put Event Notice has been given, 
the option shall not have been validly exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the 
total principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised and (ii) 
the securities identification numbers of such Notes, if any. The Put Notice may be in 
the form available from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent in the German and 
English language and includes further information. No option so exercised may be 
revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its 
order.] 
 
  
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer at specified 
Call Redemption 
Amounts the 
following applies 
 [[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes on the Call Redemption Date(s) or at any time thereafter until 
the respective subsequent Call Redemption Date at the respective Call Redemption 
Amount(s) set forth below together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
respective redemption date. 
 
 
Call Redemption Date(s) 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Call Redemption Date(s)]
[Call Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                      ] 
 
 
[                                                 ]
[                                                      ]
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(6)] of this § 5.] 
 
 (b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
  
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
  
(iii) the redemption date, which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 60 
days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders; and 
 
  
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 (c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
 
 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer at Early 
Redemption 
Amount the 
following applies 
 [[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), at any time 
redeem all or some only of the Notes (each a "Early Call Redemption Date") at the 
Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the respective Early Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(6)] of this § 5.]

--- Page 75 ---
75
 
 (b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
  
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
and 
 
  
(iii) the Early Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than 30 days nor 
more than 60 days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the 
Holders.  
 
 (c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
 
 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Holder at specified 
Put Redemption 
Amounts the 
following applies 
 [[(6)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder.  
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the 
Put Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption Amount(s) set forth below together 
with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the Put Redemption Date. 
 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
 
 
[Put Redemption Date(s)]
[Put Redemption Amount(s)] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                      ] 
 
 
[                                                 ]
[                                                      ]
 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in respect of any Note which is the 
subject of the prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options to redeem such 
Note under this § 5. 
 
 (b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder must, not less than 30 days nor more 
than 60 days before the Put Redemption Date on which such redemption is 
required to be made as specified in the Put Notice (as defined below), send to the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in text format 
(Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in written form ("Put Notice"). In the event that the 
Put Notice is received after 5:00 p.m. Frankfurt am Main time on the 30th day 
before the Put Redemption Date, the option shall not have been validly exercised. 
The Put Notice must specify (i) the total principal amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised and (ii) the securities identification numbers of such 
Notes, if any. The Put Notice may be in the form available from the specified 
offices of the Fiscal Agent in the German and English language and includes 
further information. No option so exercised may be revoked or withdrawn. The 
Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in respect of which such option is 
exercised against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its order.] 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes 
denominated in 
Renminbi and if 
such Notes are 
subject to early 
redemption at the 
option of the 
Issuer for 
Inconvertibility, 
Non-transferability 
or Illiquidity, the 
following applies 
 [[(7)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Inconvertibility, Non-
transferability or Illiquidity. If by reason of Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or 
Illiquidity (each as defined in § 4(7)) the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by 
BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, the Guarantor] is not able to satisfy in full 
payments in respect of the Notes [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: 
or, as the case may be, in respect of the Guarantee] when due in RMB in Hong Kong, 
the Issuer [In the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance: or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor] having given not less than 10 nor more than thirty days' notice to the 
Holders in accordance with § 13 (which notice shall be irrevocable), may, on expiry of 
such notice, redeem the Notes, in whole, but not in part, at the U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
(as defined in § 4(7)) of the Early Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with the 
U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for

--- Page 76 ---
76
redemption.] 
 
 
If the case Early 
Redemption 
for 
Reason of Minimal 
Outstanding 
Amount 
is 
applicable, 
the 
following applies 
 [[(8)] Purchase; Early Redemption for Reason of Minimal Outstanding Amount. The 
Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any 
price. Such acquired Notes may be cancelled, held or resold. In the event that the 
Issuer has purchased Notes equal to or in excess of 75% of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Notes initially issued and the aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
is reduced by this percentage in the global note accordingly, the Issuer, having given 
not less than 10 nor more than thirty days' notice to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 13, may call and redeem the remaining Notes (in whole but not in part) at the Final 
Redemption Amount plus accrued interest until the date of redemption (exclusive).] 
 
 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer upon 
publication of a 
Transaction 
Trigger Notice at 
the Trigger Call 
Redemption 
Amount the 
following applies 
 [[(9)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon publication of a Transaction 
Trigger Notice. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon a Transaction Trigger Notice given in accordance with 
clause (b), redeem all or some only of the Notes at any time at the Trigger Call 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
respective redemption date. "Trigger Call Redemption Amount" means [Trigger 
Call Redemption Amount]. 
 
 
"Transaction Trigger Notice" means a notice that the Transaction Trigger Event 
has occurred. The Transaction Trigger Notice can only be given within 30 days 
after the Transaction Trigger Event has occurred and only if the Transaction 
Trigger Event has occurred within the Transaction Trigger Event Period. 
 
 
"Transaction Trigger Event Period" means the period from [issue date] to [end 
of period date]. 
"Transaction" means [description of transaction in respect of which the 
Notes are issued for refinancing purposes or in relation to which the 
occurrence of a Transaction Trigger Event shall give rise to the redemption 
right]. 
"Transaction Trigger Event" means [Transaction has been terminated prior to 
completion or that the Transaction will not be settled for any reason whatsoever or 
that the Issuer has publicly stated that it no longer intends to pursue the 
Transaction.] [description of the event in the context of the Transaction the 
occurrence of which shall give rise to a redemption right] 
 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the prior exercise by the Holder thereof of its option to 
require the redemption of such Note under subparagraph [(6)] of this § 5.] 
 
 (b) The Transaction Trigger Notice shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the 
Notes in accordance with § 13. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
 
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; and 
 
 
(iii) the respective redemption date, which shall be not less than 30 days nor more 
than 60 days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders. 
 
 (c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing System. [In the 
case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial redemption shall 
be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in the aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
 
 
 
 [(10)] Early Redemption Amount. [(a)] For purposes of subparagraph (2) [and [(7)]] of

--- Page 77 ---
77
this § 5, the Early Redemption Amount of a Note shall be its Final Redemption 
Amount. 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer at Early 
Redemption 
Amount the 
following applies 
 [(b) For purposes of subparagraph [(5)] of this § 5, the Early Redemption Amount of a 
Note shall be the higher of (i) its Final Redemption Amount and (ii) the Present Value. 
The Present Value will be calculated by the Calculation Agent by discounting the sum 
of the principal amount of a Note and the remaining interest payments to [Maturity 
Date] on an annual basis, assuming a 365-day year or a 366-day year, as the case 
may be, and the actual number of days elapsed in such year and using the 
Comparable Benchmark Yield plus [percentage]%. "Comparable Benchmark Yield" 
means the yield at the Redemption Calculation Date on the corresponding [euro 
denominated benchmark debt security of the Federal Republic of Germany] [UK 
government Sterling denominated benchmark debt security issued by H.M. Treasury] 
[Swiss franc denominated benchmark federal bond of the Swiss Confederation] [U.S. 
dollar denominated benchmark U.S. Treasury debt security], as having a maturity 
comparable to the remaining term of the Note to [Maturity Date], that would be used 
at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to [Maturity Date]. 
"Redemption Calculation Date" means the third Payment Business Day prior to the 
Call Redemption Date.] 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] THE PAYING AGENT  
[AND THE CALCULATION AGENT] 
 
 (1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the initial Paying 
Agent [and the initial Calculation Agent] and their initial specified office[s] shall be: 
The following 
applies except for 
a Permanent 
Global Note kept in 
custody by or on 
behalf of CDS 
 [Fiscal Agent 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 and Paying Agent: 
Trust & Agency Services 
  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany] 
 
 
In the case of a 
Permanent Global 
Note kept in 
custody by or on 
behalf of CDS the 
following applies 
 [Fiscal Agent and 
Paying Agent: 
[name and specified office of Canadian Fiscal Agent and 
Paying Agent]] 
 
 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer at Early 
Redemption 
Amount or in the 
case of Notes 
denominated in 
Renminbi the 
following applies 
 [Calculation Agent: 
[name and specified office]] 
 
 The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and the Calculation Agent] reserve the 
right at any time to change their specified office[s] to some other specified office in the 
same country. 
 
 (2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent [or the 
Calculation Agent] and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Paying 
Agents [or another Calculation Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a 
Fiscal Agent [In the case of payments in U.S. dollar the following applies: ,(ii) if 
payments at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as 
defined below) become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition 
of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in U.S. dollar, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City] [In 
the case of a Permanent Global Note kept in custody by CDS the following

--- Page 78 ---
78
applies: , (iii) a Canadian Fiscal and Paying Agent having a specified office in 
Toronto, Ontario, Canada] [If any Calculation Agent is to be appointed the 
following applies: and [(iv)] a Calculation Agent]. Any variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, 
when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 days nor more than 45 
days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 13. For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, "United States" means the United 
States of America (including the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and its 
possessions (including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, 
Wake Island and Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 (3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and the 
Calculation Agent] act solely as the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by or on behalf of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. If such 
withholding is required by law, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the 
"Additional Amounts") as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the Holders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on 
account of any taxes or duties which: 
 
 (a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf 
of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it, or 
 
 (b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the Federal 
Republic of Germany, or 
 
 (c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal Republic 
of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
 
 (d) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 
30 days after the relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and 
notice thereof is published in accordance with § 13, whichever occurs later. 
 
 The flat tax (Abgeltungssteuer) which has been in effect in the Federal Republic of 
Germany since January 1, 2009 and the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) 
imposed thereon do not constitute a tax as described above in respect of which 
Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [All amounts payable in respect of the Notes or under the Guarantee shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by or 
on behalf of The Netherlands or the Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. If such withholding is required by law, the 
Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders, after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise 
have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no

--- Page 79 ---
79
such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any taxes or duties which: 
 
 (a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf 
of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it, or 
 
 (b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with The Netherlands or the Federal Republic of Germany 
and not merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or 
for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured 
in, The Netherlands or the Federal Republic of Germany, or 
 
 (c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal Republic 
of Germany or The Netherlands or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any 
provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, 
such Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
 
 (d) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 
30 days after the relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and 
notice thereof is published in accordance with § 13, whichever occurs later. 
 
 The flat tax (Abgeltungssteuer) which has been in effect in the Federal Republic of 
Germany since January 1, 2009 and the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) 
imposed thereon do not constitute a tax as described above in respect of which 
Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer.] 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD  
 
 The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 German Civil 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch, BGB) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at their Final Redemption Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that 
 
 (a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest within 30 days from the relevant due 
date, or 
 
 (b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes and 
such failure continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent 
has received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 (c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in § 2 subparagraph (2)) or a 
certificate of indebtedness (with an initial maturity of more than one year) of the 
Issuer becomes prematurely repayable as a result of a default in respect of the 
terms thereof, or the Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation in excess of EUR 
200,000,000 or the equivalent thereof under any Capital Market Indebtedness or 
under any certificate of indebtedness (with an initial maturity of more than one 
year) or under any guarantees or suretyship given for any Capital Market 
Indebtedness or a certificate of indebtedness (with an initial maturity of more than 
one year) of others within 30 days from its due date or, in the case of a guarantee 
or suretyship, within 30 days of such guarantee or security being invoked, unless 
the Issuer shall contest in good faith that such payment obligation exists or is due 
or that such guarantee or suretyship has been validly invoked, or if a security 
granted in respect thereof is enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled 
thereto, or 
 
 (d) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations generally or 
ceases its payments, or 
 
 (e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer; such proceedings are

--- Page 80 ---
80
instituted and have not been discharged or stayed within 60 days, or the Issuer 
applies for or institutes such proceedings, or  
 
 (f) the Issuer ceases all or substantially all of its business operations or sells or 
disposes of its assets or the substantial part thereof and thus (i) diminishes 
considerably the value of its assets and (ii) for this reason it becomes likely that 
the Issuer may not fulfil its payment obligations against the Holders, or 
 
 (g) the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger or 
other form of combination with another company or in connection with a 
reorganization and such other or new company assumes all obligations contracted 
by the Issuer in connection with the Notes. 
 
 The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 (2) Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(b) and/or subparagraph 
(1)(c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time such notice is received 
any of the events specified in subparagraph (1)(a) and (1)(d) through (g) entitling 
Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the 
Fiscal Agent has received such notices from the Holders of at least one-tenth in 
aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding. 
 
 (3) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a written declaration in the German or 
English language delivered by hand or registered mail to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at their Final Redemption Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that 
 
 (a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest within 30 days from the relevant due 
date, or 
 
 (b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes or the 
Guarantor fails to perform any obligation arising from the Guarantee and such 
failure continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent has 
received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 (c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in § 2 subparagraph (2)) or a 
certificate of indebtedness (with an initial maturity of more than one year) of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor becomes prematurely repayable as a result of a default in 
respect of the terms thereof, or the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to fulfil any 
payment obligation in excess of EUR 200,000,000 or the equivalent thereof under 
any Capital Market Indebtedness or under any certificate of indebtedness or under 
any guarantees or suretyship given for any Capital Market Indebtedness or a 
certificate of indebtedness of others within 30 days from its due date or, in the 
case of a guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days of such guarantee or security 
being invoked, unless the Issuer or the Guarantor shall contest in good faith that 
such payment obligation exists or is due or that such guarantee or suretyship has 
been validly invoked, or if a security granted in respect thereof is enforced on 
behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto, or 
 
 (d) the Issuer or the Guarantor announces its inability to meet its financial obligations 
generally or ceases its payments, or 
 
 (e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor; such 
proceedings are instituted and have not been discharged or stayed within 60 days, 
or the Issuer or the Guarantor applies for or institutes such proceedings or the 
Issuer applies for a "surseance van betaling" (within the meaning of The 
Bankruptcy Act of The Netherlands), or  
 
 (f) the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases all or substantially all of its business operations 
or sells or disposes of its assets or the substantial part thereof and thus (i) 
diminishes considerably the value of its assets and (ii) for this reason it becomes 
likely that the Issuer or the Guarantor may not fulfil its payment obligations against 
the Holders, or

--- Page 81 ---
81
 
 (g) the Issuer or the Guarantor goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection 
with a merger or other form of combination with another company or in connection 
with a reorganization and such other or new company assumes all obligations 
contracted by the Issuer or the Guarantor, in connection with the Notes; or 
 
 (h) the Guarantee ceases to be valid and legally binding for any reason whatsoever.
 
 The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 (2) Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(b) and/or subparagraph 
(1)(c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time such notice is received 
any of the events specified in subparagraph (1)(a) and (1)(d) through (h) entitling 
Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the 
Fiscal Agent has received such notices from the Holders of at least one-tenth in 
aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding. 
 
 (3) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a written declaration in the German or 
English language delivered by hand or registered mail to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent.] 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of 
principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with this issue (the "Substitute Debtor") 
provided that:] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of 
principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer either the Guarantor or any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Guarantor as 
principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with this 
issue (the "Substitute Debtor") provided that:] 
 
 (a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
 
 (b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary authorizations and may transfer 
to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required and without being obligated to deduct 
or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the country in 
which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence, all 
amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations arising under the 
Notes; 
 
 (c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder 
against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such 
Holder in respect of such substitution; 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [(d) it is guaranteed that the obligations of the Issuer from the Guarantee and the 
Negative Pledge of the Debt Issuance Program of the Issuer (of which the 
provisions set out below in § 11 applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis 
mutandis) apply also to the Notes of the Substitute Debtor; and] 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(d) it is guaranteed that the obligations of the Guarantor from the Guarantee and the 
Negative Pledge of the Debt Issuance Program of the Issuer apply also to the 
Notes of the Substitute Debtor; and] 
 
 (e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent for each jurisdiction affected 
one opinion of lawyers of recognized standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a), 
(b), (c) and (d) above have been satisfied. 
 
 For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any affiliated company (verbundenes 
Unternehmen) within the meaning of § 15 German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz).

--- Page 82 ---
82
 
 (2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § 13. 
 
 (3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in 
these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in which the Issuer is domiciled or 
resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of 
domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in 
the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [(a)in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany shall 
be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference according to the 
preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes 
of the Substitute Debtor; 
 
 (b) in § 9(1)(c) to (g) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor 
shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference to the 
Substitute Debtor.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies: 
 [In § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to The Netherlands shall be deemed to 
have been included in addition to the reference according to the preceding sentence 
to the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor.]
 
 
§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE[, AMENDMENT OF THE GUARANTEE] 
 
 (1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on 
Debt 
Securities 
of 
2009, 
as 
amended 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree with the Issuer on 
amendments of the Terms and Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the 
SchVG by resolution with the majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority 
resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions which do not provide for 
identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged 
have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
 
 (2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of at least 75% of the votes 
cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the Terms and Conditions which are not 
material and which do not relate to the matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3, Nos. 1 to 8 of 
the SchVG require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
 
 (3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders shall be passed at the election of 
the Issuer by vote taken without a meeting in accordance with § 18 and §§ 5 et seq. 
SchVG or in a Holder's meeting in accordance with §§ 9 et seqq. of the SchVG. 
 
 (4) Chair of the vote taken without a meeting. The vote will be chaired by a notary 
appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' Representative (as defined below) has 
convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
 
 (5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance 
with the nominal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding 
Notes. 
 
 (6) Holders' Representative. 
If no Holders' 
Representative is 
designated in the 
Conditions the 
following applies 
 [The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
"Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder.] 
 
  
If the Holders' 
Representative is 
appointed in the 
Conditions the 
following applies 
 [The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") shall be [Holder's 
Representative]. The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten 
times the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has 
acted willfully or with gross negligence.] 
 
 The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall

--- Page 83 ---
83
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorized to assert certain rights of the Holders, the 
Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 (7) Procedural Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders in a Holder's meeting. 
(a) Notice Period, Registration, Proof. 
(i) 
A Holders' Meeting shall be convened not less than 14 days before the date of 
the meeting. 
(ii) 
If the Convening Notice provide(s) that attendance at a Holders' Meeting or the 
exercise of the voting rights shall be dependent upon a registration of the 
Holders before the meeting, then for purposes of calculating the period pursuant 
to subsection (1) the date of the meeting shall be replaced by the date by which 
the Holders are required to register. The registration notice must be received at 
the address set forth in the Convening Notice no later than on the third day 
before the Holders' Meeting. 
(iii) 
The Convening Notice may provide what proof is required to be entitled to take 
part in the Holders' Meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Convening 
Notice, for Notes represented by a Global Note a voting certificate obtained from 
an agent to be appointed by the Issuer shall entitle its bearer to attend and vote 
at the Holders' Meeting. A voting certificate may be obtained by a Holder if at 
least six days before the time fixed for the Holders' Meeting, such Holder (a) 
deposits its Notes for such purpose with an agent to be appointed by the Issuer 
or to the order of such agent or (b) blocks its Notes in an account with a 
Custodian in accordance with the procedures of the Custodian and delivers a 
confirmation stating the ownership and blocking of its Notes to the agent of the 
Issuer. The Convening Notice may also require a proof of identity of a person 
exercising a voting right.  
(b) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication. 
(i) 
The Convening Notice (the "Convening Notice") shall state the name, the 
place of the registered office of the Issuer, the time and venue of the Holders' 
Meeting, and the conditions on which attendance in the Holders' Meeting and 
the exercise of voting rights is made dependent, including the matters referred 
to in subsection (a)(ii) and (iii). 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice shall be published promptly in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) and additionally in accordance with the provisions of § 13. 
The costs of publication shall be borne by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
From the date on which the Holders' Meeting is convened until the date of the 
Holders' Meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the Holders, on the Issuer's 
website the Convening Notice and the precise conditions on which the 
attendance of the Holders' Meeting and the exercise of voting rights shall be 
dependent. 
(c) Information Duties, Voting. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall be obliged to give information at the Holders' Meeting to each 
Holder upon request in so far as such information is required for an informed 
judgment regarding an item on the agenda or a proposed resolution. 
(ii) 
The provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) regarding 
the voting of shareholders at general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the casting and counting of votes, unless otherwise provided for in the 
Convening Notice. 
(d) Publication of Resolutions. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall at its expense cause publication of the resolutions passed in 
appropriate form. If the registered office of the Issuer is located in Germany, the 
resolutions 
shall 
promptly 
be 
published 
in 
the 
Federal 
Gazette

--- Page 84 ---
84
(Bundesanzeiger) and additionally in accordance with the provisions of § 13. 
The publication prescribed in § 50(1) of the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) shall be sufficient. 
(ii) 
In addition, the Issuer shall make available to the public the resolutions passed 
and, if the resolutions amend the Terms and Conditions, the wording of the 
original Terms and Conditions, for a period of not less than one month 
commencing on the day following the date of the Holders' Meeting. Such 
publication shall be made on the Issuer's website. 
(e) Taking of Votes without Meeting. 
The call for the taking of votes shall specify the period within which votes may be cast. 
Such period shall not be less than 72 hours. During such period, the Holders may cast 
their votes in text format (Textform) to the person presiding over the taking of votes. 
The Convening Notice may provide for other forms of casting votes. The call for the 
taking of votes shall give details as to the prerequisites which must be met for the 
votes to qualify for being counted. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(8) Amendment of the Guarantee. The provisions set out above applicable to the 
Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Guarantee of BASF.] 
 
 
§ 12 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION  
 
 (1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the 
Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, interest commencement date 
and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
 
 (2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If 
purchases are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to all 
Holders of such Notes alike. 
 
 (3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not 
be reissued or resold. 
 
 
§ 13 
NOTICES  
In the case of 
Notes which are 
listed on the 
official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange the 
following applies 
 [(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on 
the third day following the date of such publication. 
 
 
 (2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the Rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to 
the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu 
of publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been validly given on the seventh day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing System.]
 
  
In case of Notes 
which are unlisted 
the following 
applies 
 
 [(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 [(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in written form sent together 
with an evidence of the Holder's entitlement in accordance with § 14[(4)] to the Fiscal 
Agent. Such notice may be given through the Clearing System in such manner as the

--- Page 85 ---
85
Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
 
 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT  
 
 (1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations 
of the Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
 
 (2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, 
Federal Republic of Germany shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or 
other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(3) Appointment of Authorized Agent. For any Proceedings before German courts, 
the Issuer appoints BASF SE, Carl-Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 Ludwigshafen am Rhein, 
Federal Republic of Germany as its authorized agent for service of process in the 
Federal Republic of Germany.] 
 
 [(4)] Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, 
or to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own 
name his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the 
Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date 
of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to 
the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy 
of the Note in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorized officer of 
the Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for 
production in such Proceedings of the actual records or the global note representing 
the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other 
financial institution of recognized standing authorized to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes 
and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the 
foregoing, protect and enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way 
which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings. 
 
 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE  
If the Terms and 
Conditions shall be 
in the German 
language with an 
English language 
translation the 
following applies 
 [These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with 
an English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. 
The English language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
  
If the Terms and 
Conditions shall be 
in the English lang-
uage with a 
German language 
translation the 
following applies 
 [These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The 
German language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
  
If the Terms and 
Conditions shall be 
in the English 
language only the 
following applies 
 [These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.]

--- Page 86 ---
86
In the case of 
Notes that are 
publicly offered, in 
whole or in part, in 
Germany or 
distributed, in 
whole or in part, to 
non-qualified 
investors in 
Germany with 
English language 
Terms and 
Conditions the 
following applies 
 [Eine deutsche Übersetzung der Anleihebedingungen wird bei der BASF SE, Carl-
Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, zur 
kostenlosen Ausgabe bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 87 ---
87
 
 
 OPTION II – Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with floating interest rates 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION 
 
§ 1 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
 
 (1) Currency; Denomination. This Series of Notes (the "Notes") of [BASF SE] [BASF 
Finance Europe N.V.] (["BASF"]["BASF Finance"] or the "Issuer") is being issued in 
[Specified Currency] (the "Specified Currency") in the aggregate principal amount 
[in the case the global note is an NGN the following applies: , subject to § 1(4),] of 
[aggregate principal amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount in words]) in 
the denomination of [specified denomination] (the "Specified Denomination"). 
 
 (2) Form. The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
In the case of 
Notes which are 
represented 
by a Permanent 
Global Note the 
following applies  
 [(3) Permanent Global Note. The Notes are represented by a permanent global note 
(the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The Permanent Global Note shall be 
signed by authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall be authenticated by or on 
behalf of the Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes which are 
initially 
represented by a 
Temporary Global 
Note the following 
applies  
 [(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange.  
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a temporary global note (the "Temporary 
Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable 
for Notes in the Specified Denomination represented by a permanent global note 
(the "Permanent Global Note") without coupons. The Temporary Global Note and 
the Permanent Global Note shall each be signed by authorized signatories of the 
Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
 
 (b) The Temporary Global Note shall be exchangeable for the Permanent Global Note 
from a date 40 days after the date of issue of the Notes represented by the 
Temporary Global Note. Such exchange shall only be made upon delivery of 
certifications to the effect that the beneficial owner or owners of the Notes 
represented by the Temporary Global Note is not a U.S. person (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons holding Notes through such financial 
institutions) as required by U.S. tax law. Payment of interest on Notes represented 
by a Temporary Global Note will be made only after delivery of such certifications. 
A separate certification shall be required in respect of each such payment of 
interest. Any such certification received on or after the 40th day after the date of 
issue of the Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note will be treated as a 
request to exchange such Temporary Global Note pursuant to this subparagraph 
(b) of this § 1(3). Any securities delivered in exchange for the Temporary Global 
Note shall be delivered only outside of the United States (as defined in § 6(2)).] 
 
 (4) Clearing System. The global note representing the Notes will be kept in custody by 
or on behalf of the Clearing System "Clearing System" means [If more than one 
Clearing System the following applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream Banking 
AG, Neue Börsenstr. 1, 60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, 
("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, ("CBL") and Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium, ("Euroclear") (CBL and Euroclear each an "ICSD" 
and together the "ICSDs")] and any successor in such capacity. 
In the case of 
Notes kept in  
 [The Notes are issued in new global note ("NGN") form and are kept in custody by a 
common safekeeper on behalf of both ICSDs.
custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and 
the global note is 
an NGN the 
following applies 
 The aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the global note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. The records 
of the ICSDs (which expression means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Notes) shall be

--- Page 88 ---
88
conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of Notes represented by the 
global note and, for these purposes, a statement issued by a ICSD stating the amount 
of Notes so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
relevant ICSD at that time.
 
 On any redemption or payment of interest being made in respect of, or purchase and 
cancellation of, any of the Notes represented by the global note the Issuer shall 
procure that details of any redemption, payment or purchase and cancellation (as the 
case may be) in respect of the global note shall be entered accordingly in the records 
of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry being made, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes recorded in the records of the ICSDs and represented by the global note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so redeemed or 
purchased and cancelled. 
 
 [In the case the Temporary Global Note is an NGN the following applies: On an 
exchange of a portion only of the Notes represented by a Temporary Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that details of such exchange shall be entered accordingly in the 
records of the ICSDs.]] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes kept in 
custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and 
the global note is a 
CGN the following 
applies 
 [The Notes are issued in classical global note ("CGN") form and are kept in custody by 
a common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
 (5) Holder of Notes. "Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or 
other beneficial interest or right in the Notes. 
 
  
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE OF THE ISSUER[, GUARANTEE AND NEGATIVE 
PLEDGE OF THE GUARANTOR] 
 
 (1) Status. The obligations under the Notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, unless such obligations 
are accorded priority under mandatory provisions of statutory law. 
 
 (2) Negative Pledge. The Issuer undertakes, as long as any Notes are outstanding, but 
only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the 
disposal of the Fiscal Agent, not to provide security upon any of its assets for any 
present or future Capital Market Indebtedness or any guarantees or other indemnities 
resulting therefrom, without at the same time having the Holders share equally and 
rateably in such security or such other security as shall be approved by an 
independent accounting firm of internationally recognized standing as being equivalent 
security. 
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any obligation for the repayment of borrowed 
money which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes or other 
securities, with an original maturity of more than one year, which are, or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other recognized 
securities market. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(3) Guarantee and Negative Pledge of the Guarantor. BASF (the "Guarantor") has 
given its unconditional and irrevocable guarantee (the "Guarantee") for the due and 
punctual payment of principal of, and interest on, and any other amounts payable 
under any Note. The Guarantor has further undertaken in a negative pledge (the 
"Negative Pledge"), so long as any of the Notes are outstanding, but only up to the 
time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the 
Fiscal Agent, not to provide security upon any of its assets for any present or future 
Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined above) or any guarantees or other 
indemnities resulting therefrom, without at the same time having the Holders share 
equally and ratably in such security as shall be approved by an independent 
accounting firm of internationally recognized standing as being equivalent security.

--- Page 89 ---
89
The Guarantee and Negative Pledge constitute a contract for the benefit of the Holders 
from time to time as third party beneficiaries in accordance with § 328 German Civil 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch, BGB), giving rise to the right of each Holder to 
require performance of the Guarantee and the Negative Pledge directly from the 
Guarantor and to enforce the Guarantee and the Negative Pledge directly against the 
Guarantor.] 
 
 
§ 3 
INTEREST  
 
 (1) Interest Payment Dates.  
(a) The Notes bear interest on their aggregate principal amount from (and including) 
[Interest Commencement Date] (the "Interest Commencement Date") to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and thereafter from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the next following Interest Payment Date. 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable on each Interest Payment Date. 
 
 (b) "Interest Payment Date" means  
In the case of 
Specified Interest 
Payment Dates the 
following applies 
  
[each [Specified Interest Payment Dates].] 
 
  
In the case of 
Specified Interest 
Periods the 
following applies 
  
[each date which (except as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions) 
falls [number] [weeks] [months] after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date.] 
 
 (c) If any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day (as defined below), it shall be 
In the case of the 
Modified Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
  
[postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day.] 
 
  
In the case of the 
FRN Convention 
the following 
applies 
  
[postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (i) the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls [number] months after 
the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
 
  
In the case of the 
Following 
Business Day 
Convention the 
following applies 
  
[postponed to the next day which is a Business Day.] 
 
 (d) "Business Day" means 
In the case the 
Specified Currency 
is not EUR, the 
following applies 
 
[a day which is a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are generally open for business in, and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in [relevant financial centre(s)]and on which the Clearing System is 
open to effect payments.] 
 
  
In the case the 
Specified Currency 
is EUR, the 
following applies 
 
[a day (other than a Staurday or a Sunday) on which the Clearing System as well 
as all relevant parts of the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") are open to effect payments.] 
 
  
In the case the 
offered quotation 
for deposits in the 
Specified Currency 
is EURIBOR the 
 [(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) will, except as provided below, be determined by the 
Calculation Agent and is the Reference Rate (as defined below) [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)]. The applicable Reference Rate shall be the rate which

--- Page 90 ---
90
following applies 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a. m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date (as defined below). 
 
 The "Reference Rate" is the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest Period (EURIBOR).
 
 "Interest 
Period" 
means 
each 
period 
from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from each 
Interest Payment Date (and including) to the following Interest Payment Date (but 
excluding). 
 
 "Interest Determination Date" means the [first] [second] TARGET Business Day 
[prior to the commencement] of the relevant Interest Period. "TARGET Business 
Day" means a day on which all relevant parts of TARGET (Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System 2) are open to effect payments.
 
 ["Margin" means [●] % per annum.] 
 
 "Screen Page" means Reuters screen page EURIBOR01 or the relevant successor 
page on that service or on any other service as may be nominated as the information 
vendor for the purposes of displaying rates or prices comparable to the relevant 
offered quotation. 
 
 If the Screen Page is not available or no quotation for the Reference Rate appears as 
at such time and provided that no Rate Replacement Event pursuant to § 3[(8)] has 
occurred, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period and in a representative amount to prime banks in the interbank market 
in the Euro-Zone at approximately 11.00 a. m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a 
percentage point, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations 
[[plus] [minus] the Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
 If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request 
of) the Calculation Agent by major banks in the interbank market in the Euro-Zone, 
selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith, at which such banks offer, as at 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, loans in the 
Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period and in a representative amount to 
leading European banks [[plus] [minus] the Margin]. 
 
 "Euro-Zone" means the region comprised of those member states of the European 
Union that have adopted, or will have adopted from time to time, the single currency in 
accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 
March 25, 1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht 
on February 7, 1992), the Amsterdam Treaty of October 2, 1997 and the Treaty of 
Lisbon of December 13, 2007, as further amended from time to time. 
 
 "representative amount" means an amount that is representative for a single trans-
action in the relevant market at the relevant time.
 
 As used herein, "Reference Banks" means four major banks in the interbank market 
in the Euro-Zone. 
 
 If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this subparagraph (2), the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be the offered quotation on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day 
preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such offered quotation was 
displayed [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined above)], all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.]

--- Page 91 ---
91
In the case the 
offered quotation 
for deposits in the 
Specified Currency 
is LIBOR the 
following applies 
 [(2) Rate of Interest. The rate of interest (the "Rate of Interest") for each Interest 
Period (as defined below) will, except as provided below, be determined by the 
Calculation Agent and is the Reference Rate (as defined below) [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)]. The applicable Reference Rate shall be the rate which 
appears on the Screen Page as of 11:00 a. m. (London time) on the Interest 
Determination Date (as defined below). 
 
 The "Reference Rate" is the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for that Interest Period (LIBOR).
 
 "Interest 
Period" 
means 
each 
period 
from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and from each 
Interest Payment Date (and including) to the following Interest Payment Date (but 
excluding). 
 
 "Interest Determination Date" means the [first] [second] [relevant financial 
centre(s)] Business Day [prior to the commencement] of the relevant Interest Period. 
"[relevant financial centre(s)] Business Day" means a day which is a day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency) in [relevant financial 
centre(s)].  
 
 ["Margin" means [●] % per annum.] 
 
 "Screen Page" means Reuters screen page [LIBOR01] [LIBOR02] or the relevant 
successor page on that service or on any other service as may be nominated as the 
information vendor for the purposes of displaying rates or prices comparable to the 
relevant offered quotation. 
 
 If the Screen Page is not available or no quotation for the Reference Rate appears as 
at such time and provided that no Rate Replacement Event pursuant to § 3[(8)] has 
occurred, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for deposits in the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period and in a representative amount to prime banks in the London interbank 
market at approximately 11.00 a. m. (London time) on the Interest Determination Date. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations [[plus] [minus] the 
Margin], all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
 If on any Interest Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by major banks in the London interbank market, 
selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith, at which such banks offer, as at 
11.00 a.m. (London time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, loans in the 
Specified Currency for the relevant Interest Period and in a representative amount to 
leading European banks [[plus] [minus] the Margin]. 
 
 "representative amount" means an amount that is representative for a single trans-
action in the relevant market at the relevant time.
 
 As used herein, "Reference Banks" means four major banks in the London interbank 
market. 
 
 If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this subparagraph (2), the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall 
be the offered quotation on the Screen Page, as described above, on the last day 
preceding the Interest Determination Date on which such offered quotation was 
displayed [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined above)], all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.] 
 
 (3) Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each

--- Page 92 ---
92
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, calculate the amount of interest 
(the "Interest Amount") payable on the Notes in respect of the Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below) to the Specified Denomination and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
unit of the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit being rounded upwards. 
 
 (4) Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount. The Calculation Agent will 
cause the Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest Period, each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer [in 
the case of Notes issued by BASF Finance the following applies: and the 
Guarantor] and to the Holders in accordance with § 13 as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than the fourth [TARGET] [relevant financial 
centre(s)] Business Day (as defined in § 3(2)) thereafter and if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are listed from time to time, to such stock 
exchange as soon as possible after their determination, but in no event later than the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment 
Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements may be made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to any stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed, if the rules of such 
stock exchange so require, and to the Holders in accordance with § 13. 
 
 (5) Determinations Binding. All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, 
calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Holders. 
 
 (6) Accrual of Interest. If the Issuer fails to redeem the Notes when due, interest shall 
continue to accrue beyond the due date until actual redemption of the Notes. The 
applicable Rate of Interest will be the default rate of interest established by law.(1)
 
 (7) Day Count Fraction. "Day Count Fraction" means with regard to the calculation of 
interest on any Note for any period of time (the "Calculation Period"): 
In the case of 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
the following 
applies 
 [the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Actual/360 the 
following applies 
 [the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360.] 
 
 [(8)](a) Rate Replacement. If the Issuer determines (in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent) that a Rate Replacement Event has occurred on or prior to an 
Interest Determination Date, the Relevant Determining Party shall determine and duly 
inform the Issuer, if relevant, and the Calculation Agent of (i) the Replacement Rate, 
(ii) the Adjustment Spread, if any, and (iii) the Replacement Rate Adjustments (each 
as defined below in § 3[(8)](b)(aa) to (cc) and (hh)) for purposes of determining the 
Rate of Interest for the Interest Period related to that Interest Determination Date and 
each Interest Period thereafter (subject to the subsequent occurrence of any further 
Rate Replacement Event). The Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to have been 
amended by the Replacement Rate Adjustments with effect from (and including) the 
relevant Interest Determination Date (including any amendment of such Interest 
Determination Date if so provided by the Replacement Rate Adjustments). The Rate of 
Interest shall then be the Replacement Rate (as defined below) adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread, if any, [[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined above)]. 
 
 The Issuer shall notify the Holders pursuant to § 13 as soon as practicable 
(unverzüglich) after such determination of the Replacement Rate, the Adjustment 
Spread, if any, and the Replacement Rate Adjustments. In addition, the Issuer shall 
                                                 
(1) 
The default rate of interest established by law is five percentage points above the basic rate of interest published by 
Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time; §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 German Civil Code (Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch, BGB).

--- Page 93 ---
93
request the [Clearing System] [common depositary on behalf of both ICSDs] to 
supplement the Terms and Conditions to reflect the Replacement Rate Adjustments by 
attaching the documents submitted to it to the Global Note in an appropriate manner.
 
 (b) Definitions. 
 
 
(aa) "Rate Replacement Event" means, with respect to the Reference Rate, each 
of the following events:
 
 
(i) 
the Reference Rate not having been published on the Screen Page for 
ten (10) consecutive Business Days immediately prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date; or
 
 
(ii) 
the occurence of the date, as publicly announced by or, as the case may 
be, determinable based upon the public announcement of the competent 
authority of the administrator of the Reference Rate, from which the 
Reference Rate no longer reflects the underlying market or economic 
reality and no action to remediate such a situation is taken or expected to 
be taken by the competent authority for the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or 
(iii)   the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by or, as the case may 
be, determinable based upon the public announcement of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate on which the administrator (x) will 
commence the orderly wind-down of the Reference Rate or (y) will cease 
to publish the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue the publication of the Reference Rate); or 
 
 
(iv) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by the competent 
authority for the administrator of the Reference Rate, the central bank for 
the Specified Currency, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the Reference Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate or a court 
(unappealable final decision) or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Reference Rate, on 
which the administrator of the Reference Rate (x) will commence the 
orderly wind-down of the Reference Rate or (y) has ceased or will cease 
to provide the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue the publication of the Reference Rate); or 
 
 
(v) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by or, as the case may 
be, determinable based upon the public announcement of the competent 
authority for the administrator of the Reference Rate, from which the 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used; or 
 
 
(vi) the occurrence of the date, as publicly announced by or, as the case may 
be, determinable based upon the public announcement of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, of a material change in the 
methodology of determining the Reference Rate; or 
 
 
(vii) the publication of a notice by the Issuer pursuant to § 13(1) that it has 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any Paying 
Agent to calculate any Rate of Interest using the Reference Rate; or 
(viiii)the European Commission or the competent national authority of a 
Member State have designated one or more replacement benchmarks 
for a Reference Rate pursuant to Art. 23b (2) and Art. 23c (1) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of June 8, 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds.
 
 
(bb) "Replacement Rate" means a publicly available substitute, successor, 
alternative or other rate designed to be referenced by financial instruments or 
contracts, including the Notes, to determine an amount payable under such 
financial instruments or contracts, including, but not limited to, an amount of 
interest. In determining the Replacement Rate, the Relevant Guidance (as 
defined below) shall be taken into account.

--- Page 94 ---
94
 
 
(cc) "Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative), 
or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Relevant 
Determining Party determines is required to be applied to the Replacement 
Rate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer 
of economic value between the Issuer and the Holders that would otherwise 
arise as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate against the 
Replacement Rate (including, but not limited to, as a result of the 
Replacement Rate being a risk-free rate). In determining the Adjustment 
Spread, the Relevant Guidance (as defined below) shall be taken into 
account. 
 
 
(dd) "Relevant Determining Party" means 
 
 
(i) 
the Issuer if in its opinion the Replacement Rate is obvious and as such 
without any reasonable doubt determinable by an investor that is 
knowledgeable in the respective type of bonds, such as the Notes; or
 
 
(ii) 
failing which, an Independent Advisor (as defined below), to be 
appointed by the Issuer at commercially reasonable terms, using 
reasonable endeavours, as its agent to make such determinations.
 
 
(ee) "Independent Advisor" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or any other independent advisor of recognised standing 
and with appropriate experience in the international debt capital markets. 
 
 
(ff) "Relevant Guidance" means (i) any legal or supervisory requirement 
applicable to the Issuer or the Notes or, if none, (ii) any applicable 
requirement, recommendation or guidance of a Relevant Nominating Body or, 
if none, (iii) any relevant recommendation or guidance by industry bodies 
(including by ISDA), or, if none, (iv) any relevant market practice. 
 
 
(gg) "Relevant Nominating Body" means 
 
 
(i) 
the central bank for the Specified Currency, or any central bank or other 
supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Replacement 
Rate or the administrator of the Replacement Rate; or 
 
 
(ii) 
the European Commission or any competent national authority of a 
Member State; or 
(iii) any working group or committee officially endorsed, sponsored or 
convened by or chaired or co-chaired by (w) the central bank for the 
Specified Currency, (x) any central bank or other supervisor which is 
responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (y) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisors or (z) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof.
 
 
(hh) "Replacement Rate Adjustments" means such adjustments to the Terms 
and Conditions as are determined consequential to enable the operation of 
the Replacement Rate (which may include, without limitation, adjustments to 
the applicable Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the 
Interest Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction and any methodology or 
definition for obtaining or calculating the Replacement Rate). In determining 
any Replacement Rate Adjustments the Relevant Guidance shall be taken 
into account. 
 
 (c) Termination. If a Replacement Rate, an Adjustment Spread, if any, or the 
Replacement Rate Adjustments cannot be determined pursuant to § 3[(8)](a) and 
(b), the Reference Rate in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date shall 
be the Reference Rate determined for the last preceding Interest Period. The 
Issuer will inform the Calculation Agent accordingly. As a result, the Issuer may, 
upon not less than 15 days' notice given to the Holders in accordance with § 13, 
redeem all, and not only some of the Notes at any time on any Business Day 
before the respective subsequent Interest Determination Date at the Final 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) the 
respective redemption date.

--- Page 95 ---
95
 
 
§ 4 
PAYMENTS 
 
 (1) (a) Payment of Principal. Payment of principal in respect of Notes shall be made, 
subject to subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
 (b) Payment of Interest. Payment of interest on Notes shall be made, subject to sub-
paragraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to the relevant account 
holders of the Clearing System. 
In the case of 
interest payable on 
a Temporary 
Global Note the 
following applies 
 [Payment of interest on Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note shall be 
made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the relevant account holders of the Clearing System, upon due certification as 
provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
 
 (2) Manner of Payment. Subject to (i) applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, payments of amounts due in respect of the Notes 
shall be made in the Specified Currency. 
 
 (3) Discharge. The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the 
Clearing System. 
 
 (4) Payment Business Day. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note is not a Payment Business Day then the Holder shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next such day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. 
 
 For these purposes, "Payment Business Day" means any day which is a Business 
Day. 
 
 (5) References to Principal and Interest. References in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as applicable: the Final 
Redemption Amount of the Notes; and any premium and any other amounts which 
may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. References in these Terms and 
Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable under § 7. 
 
 (6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. The Issuer may deposit with the local court 
(Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany, principal or interest 
not claimed by Holders within twelve months after the Maturity Date, even though such 
Holders may not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and to the extent that the 
deposit is effected and the right of withdrawal is waived, the respective claims of such 
Holders against the Issuer shall cease. 
 
 
§ 5 
REDEMPTION 
 
 (1) Final Redemption. Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part or purchased 
and cancelled, the Notes shall be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the 
Interest Payment Date falling in [Redemption Month] (the "Maturity Date"). The 
"Final Redemption Amount" in respect of each Note shall be its principal amount. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies  
 [(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, an official 
interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment or change 
is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of Notes was 
issued, the Issuer is required to pay Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation 
cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer, the 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole, but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not

--- Page 96 ---
96
more than 60 days', but not less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the 
Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Final Redemption 
Amount, together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
 
 However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such Additional 
Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time such 
notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not remain in 
effect. The date fixed for redemption must be an Interest Payment Date.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany or The 
Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or therein affecting 
taxation or the obligation to pay duties of any kind, or any change in, or amendment to, 
an official interpretation or application of such laws or regulations, which amendment 
or change is effective on or after the date on which the last tranche of this series of 
Notes was issued, the Issuer or the Guarantor is required to pay Additional Amounts 
(as defined in § 7 herein) on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as defined in 
§ 3(1)), and this obligation cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures 
available to the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 
days' nor less than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to the Fiscal Agent and, in 
accordance with § 13 to the Holders, at their Final Redemption Amount, together with 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
 
 However, no such notice of redemption may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer or the Guarantor would be obligated to pay such 
Additional Amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the 
time such notice is given, such obligation to pay such Additional Amounts does not 
remain in effect. The date fixed for redemption must be an Interest Payment Date.] 
 
 Any such notice shall be given in accordance with § 13. It shall be irrevocable, must 
specify the date fixed for redemption and must set forth a statement in summary form 
of the facts constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so to redeem. 
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption for 
Reasons of a 
Change of Control 
the following 
applies 
 [(3) Change of Control. If there occurs a Change of Control and within the Change of 
Control Period a Rating Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs 
(together called a "Put Event"), each Holder will have the option (unless, prior to the 
giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with § 5(2)) to require the Issuer to redeem that Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date at its principal amount together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the Optional Redemption Date. 
For the purposes of such option: 
"Rating Agency" means each of the rating agencies of S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P") and Moody's Investors Services ("Moody's") or any of their respective 
successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified 
from time to time by BASF; 
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of 
Control if within the Change of Control Period any rating previously assigned to BASF 
or the Notes by any Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn or (ii) changed from an investment 
grade rating (BBB- by S&P/Baa3 by Moody's, or its equivalent for the time being, or 
better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+ by S&P/Ba1 by Moody's, or its 
equivalent for the time being, or worse); 
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or 
not approved by the Board of Executive Directors or Supervisory Board of BASF) that 
any person or persons ("Relevant Person(s)") acting in concert (as defined in § 30 (2) 
of the German Securities Acquisition and Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und 
Übernahmegesetz)) or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such Relevant 
Person(s), at any time directly or indirectly acquire(s) or come(s) to own such number 
of the shares in the capital of BASF carrying more than 50% of the voting rights; 
"Change of Control Period" means the period ending 120 days after the occurrence 
of the Change of Control; and

--- Page 97 ---
97
The "Optional Redemption Date" is the fifteenth day after the last day of the Put 
Period. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a "Put Event Notice") to the Holders in accordance with § 13 
specifying the nature of the Put Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the 
procedure for exercising the option set out in this § 5(3). 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must send to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent an early redemption notice in text format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in 
written form ("Put Notice") within the period of 45 days after a Put Event Notice (the 
"Put Period") has been given. In the event that the Put Notice is received after 5:00 
p.m. Frankfurt am Main time on the 45th after the Put Event Notice has been given, 
the option shall not have been validly exercised. The Put Notice must specify (i) the 
total principal amount of the Notes in respect of which such option is exercised and (ii) 
the securities identification numbers of such Notes, if any. The Put Notice may be in 
the form available from the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent in the German and 
English language and includes further information. No option so exercised may be 
revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall only be required to redeem Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised against delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its 
order.] 
 
  
If the Notes are 
subject to Early 
Redemption at the 
Option of the 
Issuer at Specified 
Call Redemption 
Amounts the 
following applies 
 [[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes on the Interest Payment Date following [number] years after 
the Interest Commencement Date [in the case that the Notes may also be 
redeemed on any Interest Payment Date thereafter, the following applies: and 
on each Interest Payment Date thereafter] ([each a] [the] "Call Redemption Date") 
at the [respective] Call Redemption Amount[s] set forth below together with accrued 
interest, if any, to (but excluding) the respective Call Redemption Date. 
 
 
 [Call Redemption Date[s]] 
[Call Redemption Amount [s]] 
 
[                                                 ] [                                                      ] 
[                                                 ] [                                                      ] 
 
 (b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 13. Such notice shall specify: 
 
 
(i) the Series of Notes subject to redemption; 
 
  
(ii) whether such Series is to be redeemed in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
and 
 
  
(iii) the Call Redemption Date, which shall be not less than 30 days nor more than 
60 days after the date on which notice is given by the Issuer to the Holders.  
 
 (c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules and procedures of the relevant Clearing 
System. [In the case of Notes in NGN form the following applies: Such partial 
redemption shall be reflected in the records of CBL and Euroclear as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in aggregate principal amount, at the discretion of CBL and 
Euroclear.]] 
 
 
§ 6 
THE FISCAL AGENT, THE PAYING AGENT 
AND THE CALCULATION AGENT 
 
 (1) Appointment; Specified Office. The initial Fiscal Agent, the initial Paying Agent and 
the initial Calculation Agent and their initial specified offices shall be: 
 
 Fiscal Agent 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 98 ---
98
 
 and Paying Agent: 
Trust & Agency Services 
 
  
Taunusanlage 12 
 
  
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
  
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
 Calculation Agent: 
[name and specified office] 
 
 The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent reserve the right at any 
time to change their specified offices to some other specified office in the same 
country. 
 
 (2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or other Paying 
Agents or another Calculation Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain [(i)] a 
Fiscal Agent [in the case of payments in U.S. dollar the following applies:, (ii) if 
payments at or through the offices of all Paying Agents outside the United States (as 
defined below) become illegal or are effectively precluded because of the imposition of 
exchange controls or similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in U.S. dollar, a Paying Agent with a specified office in New York City] [and] 
[(iii)] a Calculation Agent. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 days nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been 
given to the Holders in accordance with § 13. For purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions, "United States" means the United States of America (including the States 
thereof and the District of Columbia) and its possessions (including Puerto Rico, the 
U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
 
 (3) Agent of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent 
act solely as the agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
 
 
§ 7 
TAXATION  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [All amounts payable in respect of the Notes shall be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by or on behalf of the Federal 
Republic of Germany or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. If such 
withholding is required by law, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the 
"Additional Amounts") as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the Holders, after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts 
which would otherwise have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any 
taxes or duties which: 
 
 (a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf 
of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it, or 
 
 (b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with the Federal Republic of Germany and not merely by 
reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of 
taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the Federal 
Republic of Germany, or 
 
 (c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal Republic 
of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any provision of law 
implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such Directive, 
Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
 
 (d) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 
30 days after the relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice

--- Page 99 ---
99
thereof is published in accordance with § 13, whichever occurs later. 
 
 The flat tax (Abgeltungssteuer) which has been in effect in the Federal Republic of 
Germany since January 1, 2009 and the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) 
imposed thereon do not constitute a tax as described above in respect of which 
Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [All amounts payable in respect of the Notes or under the Guarantee shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by way of withholding or deduction by or 
on behalf of The Netherlands or the Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. If such withholding is required by law, the 
Issuer will pay such additional amounts (the "Additional Amounts") as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders, after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise 
have been receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no 
such Additional Amounts shall be payable on account of any taxes or duties which: 
 
 (a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf 
of a Holder, or otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or 
withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by it, or 
 
 (b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or 
business connection with The Netherlands or the Federal Republic of Germany 
and not merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or 
for purposes of taxation are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured 
in, The Netherlands or the Federal Republic of Germany, or 
 
 (c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or 
Regulation concerning the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international 
treaty or understanding relating to such taxation and to which the Federal Republic 
of Germany or The Netherlands or the European Union is a party, or (iii) any 
provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, 
such Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
 
 (d) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 
30 days after the relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice 
thereof is published in accordance with § 13, whichever occurs later. 
 
 The flat tax (Abgeltungssteuer) which has been in effect in the Federal Republic of 
Germany since January 1, 2009 and the solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) 
imposed thereon do not constitute a tax as described above in respect of which 
Additional Amounts would be payable by the Issuer.] 
 
 
§ 8 
PRESENTATION PERIOD  
 
 The presentation period provided in § 801 paragraph 1, sentence 1 German Civil 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch, BGB) is reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
 
§ 9 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at their Final Redemption Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that 
 
 (a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest within 30 days from the relevant due 
date, or 
 
 (b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes and 
such failure continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent 
has received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 (c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in § 2 subparagraph (2)) or a 
certificate of indebtedness (with an initial maturity of more than one year) of the

--- Page 100 ---
100
Issuer becomes prematurely repayable as a result of a default in respect of the 
terms thereof, or the Issuer fails to fulfil any payment obligation in excess of EUR 
200,000,000 or the equivalent thereof under any Capital Market Indebtedness or 
under any certificate of indebtedness or under any guarantees or suretyship given 
for any Capital Market Indebtedness or a certificate of indebtedness of others 
within 30 days from its due date or, in the case of a guarantee or suretyship, within 
30 days of such guarantee or security being invoked, unless the Issuer shall 
contest in good faith that such payment obligation exists or is due or that such 
guarantee or suretyship has been validly invoked, or if a security granted in respect 
thereof is enforced on behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto, or 
 
 (d) the Issuer announces its inability to meet its financial obligations generally or 
ceases its payments, or 
 
 (e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer; such proceedings are 
instituted and have not been discharged or stayed within 60 days, or the Issuer 
applies for or institutes such proceedings, or  
 
 (f) the Issuer ceases all or substantially all of its business operations or sells or 
disposes of its assets or the substantial part thereof and thus (i) diminishes 
considerably the value of its assets and (ii) for this reason it becomes likely that the 
Issuer may not fulfil its payment obligations against the Holders, or 
 
 (g) the Issuer goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection with a merger or 
other form of combination with another company or in connection with a 
reorganization and such other or new company assumes all obligations contracted 
by the Issuer in connection with the Notes. 
 
 The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 (2) Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(b) and/or subparagraph 
(1)(c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time such notice is received 
any of the events specified in subparagraph (1)(a) and (1)(d) through (g) entitling 
Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the 
Fiscal Agent has received such notices from the Holders of at least one-tenth in 
aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding. 
 
 (3) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a written declaration in the German or 
English language delivered by hand or registered mail to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(1) Events of default. Each Holder shall be entitled to declare his Notes due and 
demand immediate redemption thereof at their Final Redemption Amount plus 
accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, in the event that 
 
 (a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest within 30 days from the relevant due 
date, or 
 
 (b) the Issuer fails duly to perform any other obligation arising from the Notes or the 
Guarantor fails to perform any obligation arising from the Guarantee and such 
failure continues unremedied for more than 30 days after the Fiscal Agent has 
received notice thereof from a Holder, or 
 
 (c) any Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in § 2 subparagraph (2)) or a 
certificate of indebtedness (with an initial maturity of more than one year) of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor becomes prematurely repayable as a result of a default in 
respect of the terms thereof, or the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to fulfil any 
payment obligation in excess of EUR 200,000,000 or the equivalent thereof under 
any Capital Market Indebtedness or under any certificate of indebtedness (with an 
initial maturity of more than one year) or under any guarantees or suretyship given 
for any Capital Market Indebtedness or a certificate of indebtedness (with an initial 
maturity of more than one year) of others within 30 days from its due date or, in the 
case of a guarantee or suretyship, within 30 days of such guarantee or security 
being invoked, unless the Issuer or the Guarantor shall contest in good faith that 
such payment obligation exists or is due or that such guarantee or suretyship has

--- Page 101 ---
101
been validly invoked, or if a security granted in respect thereof is enforced on 
behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled thereto, or 
 
 (d) the Issuer or the Guarantor announces its inability to meet its financial obligations 
generally or ceases its payments, or 
 
 (e) a court opens insolvency proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor; such 
proceedings are instituted and have not been discharged or stayed within 60 days, 
or the Issuer or the Guarantor applies for or institutes such proceedings, or the 
Issuer applies for a "surseance van betaling" (within the meaning of The 
Bankruptcy Act of The Netherlands), or  
 
 (f) the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases all or substantially all of its business operations 
or sells or disposes of its assets or the substantial part thereof and thus (i) 
diminishes considerably the value of its assets and (ii) for this reason it becomes 
likely that the Issuer or the Guarantor may not fulfil its payment obligations against 
the Holders, or 
 
 (g) the Issuer or the Guarantor goes into liquidation unless this is done in connection 
with a merger or other form of combination with another company or in connection 
with a reorganization and such other or new company assumes all obligations 
contracted by the Issuer or the Guarantor, in connection with the Notes; or 
 
 (h) the Guarantee ceases to be valid and legally binding for any reason whatsoever.
 
 The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if the situation giving rise to it has been 
cured before the right is exercised. 
 
 (2) Quorum. In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(b) and/or subparagraph 
(1)(c), any notice declaring Notes due shall, unless at the time such notice is received 
any of the events specified in subparagraph (1)(a) and (1)(d) through (h) entitling 
Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, become effective only when the 
Fiscal Agent has received such notices from the Holders of at least one-tenth in 
aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding. 
 
 (3) Notice. Any notice, including any notice declaring Notes due, in accordance with 
subparagraph (1) shall be made by means of a written declaration in the German or 
English language delivered by hand or registered mail to the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent.] 
 
 
§ 10 
SUBSTITUTION 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
 [(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of 
principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with this issue (the "Substitute Debtor") 
provided that:] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(1) Substitution. The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, if no payment of 
principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default, at any time substitute for the 
Issuer either the Guarantor or any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Guarantor as 
principal debtor in respect of all obligations arising from or in connection with this issue 
(the "Substitute Debtor") provided that:] 
 
 (a) the Substitute Debtor assumes all obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes; 
 
 (b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all necessary authorizations and may transfer 
to the Fiscal Agent in the currency required and without being obligated to deduct 
or withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the country in 
which the Substitute Debtor or the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence, all 
amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment obligations arising under the 
Notes; 
 
 (c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to indemnify and hold harmless each Holder 
against any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge imposed on such 
Holder in respect of such substitution; 
In the case of 
 [(d) 
it is guaranteed that the obligations of the Issuer from the Guarantee and the

--- Page 102 ---
102
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies 
Negative Pledge of the Debt Issuance Program of the Issuer (of which the 
provisions set out below in § 11 applicable to the Notes shall apply mutatis 
mutandis) apply also to the Notes of the Substitute Debtor; and] 
 
 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(d) 
it is guaranteed that the obligations of the Guarantor from the Guarantee and 
the Negative Pledge of the Debt Issuance Program of the Issuer apply also to the 
Notes of the Substitute Debtor; and] 
 
 (e) there shall have been delivered to the Fiscal Agent for each jurisdiction affected 
one opinion of lawyers of recognized standing to the effect that subparagraphs (a), 
(b), (c) and (d) above have been satisfied. 
 
 For purposes of this § 10, "Affiliate" shall mean any affiliated company (verbundenes 
Unternehmen) within the meaning of § 15 German Stock Corporation Act 
(Aktiengesetz). 
 
 (2) Notice. Notice of any such substitution shall be published in accordance with § 13. 
 
 (3) Change of References. In the event of any such substitution, any reference in 
these Terms and Conditions to the Issuer shall from then on be deemed to refer to the 
Substitute Debtor and any reference to the country in which the Issuer is domiciled or 
resident for taxation purposes shall from then on be deemed to refer to the country of 
domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor. Furthermore, in 
the event of such substitution the following shall apply: 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF the following 
applies: 
 [(a)in § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to the Federal Republic of Germany shall 
be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference according to the 
preceding sentence to the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of 
the Substitute Debtor; 
 
 (b) in § 9(1)(c) to (g) an alternative reference to the Issuer in its capacity as guarantor 
shall be deemed to have been included in addition to the reference to the 
Substitute Debtor.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies: 
 [In § 7 and § 5(2) an alternative reference to The Netherlands shall be deemed to 
have been included in addition to the reference according to the preceding sentence 
to the country of domicile or residence for taxation purposes of the Substitute Debtor.] 
 
 
§ 11 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' 
REPRESENTATIVE[, AMENDMENT OF THE GUARANTEE] 
 
 (1) Amendment of the Terms and Conditions. In accordance with the German Act on 
Debt 
Securities 
of 
2009, 
as 
amended 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") the Holders may agree with the Issuer on 
amendments of the Terms and Conditions with regard to matters permitted by the 
SchVG by resolution with the majority specified in subparagraph (2). Majority 
resolutions shall be binding on all Holders. Resolutions which do not provide for 
identical conditions for all Holders are void, unless Holders who are disadvantaged 
have expressly consented to their being treated disadvantageously. 
 
 (2) Majority. Resolutions shall be passed by a majority of at least 75% of the votes 
cast. Resolutions relating to amendments of the Terms and Conditions which are not 
material and which do not relate to the matters listed in § 5 paragraph 3, Nos. 1 to 8 of 
the SchVG require a simple majority of the votes cast. 
 
 (3) Resolution of Holders. Resolutions of Holders shall be passed at the election of the 
Issuer by vote taken without a meeting in accordance with § 18 and §§ 5 et seqq. of 
the SchVG or in a Holder's meeting in accordance with §§ 5 et seqq. of the SchVG. 
 
 (4) Chair of the vote taken without a meeting. The vote will be chaired by a notary 
appointed by the Issuer or, if the Holders' Representative (as defined below) has 
convened the vote, by the Holders' Representative. 
 
 (5) Voting rights. Each Holder participating in any vote shall cast votes in accordance 
with the nominal amount or the notional share of its entitlement to the outstanding

--- Page 103 ---
103
Notes. 
 
 (6) Holders' Representative. 
If no Holders' 
Representative is 
designated in the 
Conditions the 
following applies 
 [The Holders may by majority resolution appoint a common representative (the 
"Holders' Representative") to exercise the Holders' rights on behalf of each Holder.] 
 
  
If the Holders' 
Representative is 
appointed in the 
Conditions the 
following applies 
 [The common representative (the "Holders' Representative") shall be [Holder's 
Representative]. The liability of the Holders' Representative shall be limited to ten 
times the amount of its annual remuneration, unless the Holders' Representative has 
acted willfully or with gross negligence.] 
 
 The Holders' Representative shall have the duties and powers provided by law or 
granted by majority resolution of the Holders. The Holders' Representative shall 
comply with the instructions of the Holders. To the extent that the Holders' 
Representative has been authorized to assert certain rights of the Holders, the 
Holders shall not be entitled to assert such rights themselves, unless explicitly 
provided for in the relevant majority resolution. The Holders' Representative shall 
provide reports to the Holders on its activities. The regulations of the SchVG apply 
with regard to the recall and the other rights and obligations of the Holders' 
Representative. 
 
 (7) Procedural Provisions regarding Resolutions of Holders in a Holder's meeting. 
(a) Notice Period, Registration, Proof. 
(i) 
A Holders' Meeting shall be convened not less than 14 days before the date of 
the meeting. 
(ii) 
If the Convening Notice provide(s) that attendance at a Holders' Meeting or the 
exercise of the voting rights shall be dependent upon a registration of the 
Holders before the meeting, then for purposes of calculating the period pursuant 
to subsection (1) the date of the meeting shall be replaced by the date by which 
the Holders are required to register. The registration notice must be received at 
the address set forth in the Convening Notice no later than on the third day 
before the Holders' Meeting. 
(iii) 
The Convening Notice may provide what proof is required to be entitled to take 
part in the Holders' Meeting. Unless otherwise provided in the Convening Notice, 
for Notes represented by a Global Note a voting certificate obtained from an 
agent to be appointed by the Issuer shall entitle its bearer to attend and vote at 
the Holders' Meeting. A voting certificate may be obtained by a Holder if at least 
six days before the time fixed for the Holders' Meeting, such Holder (a) deposits 
its Notes for such purpose with an agent to be appointed by the Issuer or to the 
order of such agent or (b) blocks its Notes in an account with a Custodian in 
accordance with the procedures of the Custodian and delivers a confirmation 
stating the ownership and blocking of its Notes to the agent of the Issuer. The 
Convening Notice may also require a proof of identity of a person exercising a 
voting right.  
(b) Contents of the Convening Notice, Publication. 
(i) 
The Convening Notice (the "Convening Notice") shall state the name, the place 
of the registered office of the Issuer, the time and venue of the Holders' Meeting, 
and the conditions on which attendance in the Holders' Meeting and the exercise 
of voting rights is made dependent, including the matters referred to in 
subsection (a)(ii) and (iii). 
(ii) 
The Convening Notice shall be published promptly in the Federal Gazette 
(Bundesanzeiger) and additionally in accordance with the provisions of § 13. 
The costs of publication shall be borne by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
From the date on which the Holders' Meeting is convened until the date of the 
Holders' Meeting, the Issuer shall make available to the Holders, on the Issuer's 
website the Convening Notice and the precise conditions on which the 
attendance of the Holders' Meeting and the exercise of voting rights shall be

--- Page 104 ---
104
dependent. 
(c) Information Duties, Voting. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall be obliged to give information at the Holders' Meeting to each 
Holder upon request in so far as such information is required for an informed 
judgment regarding an item on the agenda or a proposed resolution. 
(ii) 
The provisions of the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) regarding 
the voting of shareholders at general meetings shall apply mutatis mutandis to 
the casting and counting of votes, unless otherwise provided for in the 
Convening Notice. 
(d) Publication of Resolutions. 
(i) 
The Issuer shall at its expense cause publication of the resolutions passed in 
appropriate form. If the registered office of the Issuer is located in Germany, the 
resolutions shall promptly be published in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) 
and additionally in accordance with the provisions of § 13. The publication 
prescribed 
in 
§ 50(1) 
of 
the 
German 
Securities 
Trading 
Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) shall be sufficient. 
(ii) 
In addition, the Issuer shall make available to the public the resolutions passed 
and, if the resolutions amend the Terms and Conditions, the wording of the 
original Terms and Conditions, for a period of not less than one month 
commencing on the day following the date of the Holders' Meeting. Such 
publication shall be made on the Issuer's website. 
(e) Taking of Votes without Meeting. 
The call for the taking of votes shall specify the period within which votes may be cast. 
Such period shall not be less than 72 hours. During such period, the Holders may cast 
their votes in text format (Textform) to the person presiding over the taking of votes. 
The Convening Notice may provide for other forms of casting votes. The call for the 
taking of votes shall give details as to the prerequisites which must be met for the 
votes to qualify for being counted. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(8) Amendment of the Guarantee. The provisions set out above applicable to the 
Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Guarantee of BASF.] 
 
 
§ 12 
FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND CANCELLATION  
 
 (1) Further Issues. The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the 
Holders, issue further Notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all 
respects (or in all respects except for the issue date, interest commencement date 
and/or issue price) so as to form a single Series with the Notes. 
 
 (2) Purchases. The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price. Notes purchased by the Issuer may, at the option of the 
Issuer, be held, resold or surrendered to the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If purchases 
are made by tender, tenders for such Notes must be made available to all Holders of 
such Notes alike. 
 
 (3) Cancellation. All Notes redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not 
be reissued or resold. 
 
 
§ 13 
NOTICES  
In the case of 
Notes which are 
listed on the 
official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange the 
following applies 
 [(1) Publication. All notices concerning the Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the 
third day following the date of such publication. 
 
 
 (2) Notification to Clearing System. So long as any Notes are listed on the

--- Page 105 ---
105
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. In the case of notices 
regarding the Rate of Interest or, if the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
otherwise so permit, the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System 
for communication by the Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of publication as set 
forth in subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to the 
Clearing System.] 
 
  
In case of Notes 
which are unlisted 
the following 
applies 
 
 [(1) Notification to Clearing System. The Issuer shall deliver all notices concerning the 
Notes to the Clearing System for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly given on the seventh 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
 [(3)] Form of Notice. Notices to be given by any Holder shall be made by means of a 
declaration in text format (Textform, e.g. email or fax) or in written form sent together 
with an evidence of the Holder's entitlement in accordance with § 14[(4)] to the Fiscal 
Agent. Such notice may be given through the Clearing System in such manner as the 
Fiscal Agent and the Clearing System may approve for such purpose. 
 
 
§ 14 
APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT  
 
 (1) Applicable Law. The Notes, as to form and content, and all rights and obligations of 
the Holders and the Issuer, shall be governed by German law. 
 
 (2) Submission to Jurisdiction. The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main, 
Federal Republic of Germany shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or 
other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes. 
In the case of 
Notes issued by 
BASF Finance the 
following applies 
 [(3) Appointment of Authorized Agent. For any Proceedings before German courts, the 
Issuer appoints BASF SE, Carl-Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Federal 
Republic of Germany as its authorized agent for service of process in the Federal 
Republic of Germany.] 
 
 [(4)] Enforcement. Any Holder of Notes may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or 
to which such Holder and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name 
his rights arising under such Notes on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the 
Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the 
Notes (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes credited to such securities account on the date 
of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to 
the Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy 
of the Note in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorized officer of 
the Clearing System or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for 
production in such Proceedings of the actual records or the global note representing 
the Notes. For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other 
financial institution of recognized standing authorized to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Notes 
and includes the Clearing System. Each Holder may, without prejudice to the 
foregoing, protect and enforce his rights under these Notes also in any other way 
which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings. 
 
 
§ 15 
LANGUAGE  
If the Terms and 
Conditions shall be 
in the German 
language with an 
English language 
translation the 
following applies 
 [These Terms and Conditions are written in the German language and provided with 
an English language translation. The German text shall be controlling and binding. 
The English language translation is provided for convenience only.]

--- Page 106 ---
106
If the Terms and 
Conditions shall be 
in the English lang-
uage with a 
German language 
translation the 
following applies 
 [These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language and provided with a 
German language translation. The English text shall be controlling and binding. The 
German language translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
  
If the Terms and 
Conditions shall be 
in the English 
language only the 
following applies 
 [These Terms and Conditions are written in the English language only.] 
 
  
In the case of 
Notes that are 
publicly offered, in 
whole or in part, in 
Germany or 
distributed, in 
whole or in part, to 
non-qualified 
investors in 
Germany with 
English language 
Terms and 
Conditions the 
following applies 
 [Eine deutsche Übersetzung der Anleihebedingungen wird bei der BASF SE, Carl-
Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, zur 
kostenlosen Ausgabe bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 107 ---
107
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION 
 
(DEUTSCHE FASSUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN) 
Einführung 
 Die Anleihebedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen (die "Anleihebedingungen") 
sind nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufgeführt: 
 
 Option I umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 Option II umfasst den Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der auf Tranchen von 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
 
 Der Satz von Anleihebedingungen für jede dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere 
Optionen, die entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige optionale 
Bestimmung durch Instruktionen und Erklärungen entweder links von dem Satz der 
Anleihebedingungen oder in eckigen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes der 
Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet wird.  
 
 In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I 
oder Option II (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) 
für die einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findet, indem 
entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden oder auf die betreffenden 
Optionen verwiesen wird. 
 
 Soweit weder die Emittentin noch die Garantin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des 
Prospektes Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne Emission 
von Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser Prospekt Leerstellen in 
eckigen Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
Im Fall, dass die 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, die 
für eine einzelne 
Emission 
anwendbar sind, 
nur auf die 
weiteren Optionen 
verweisen, die im 
Satz der Anleihe-
bedingungen der 
Option I oder 
Option II enthalten 
sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar  
 
[Die Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen gelten für diese Schuldverschrei-
bungen so, wie sie durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen Bedingungen (die 
"Endgültigen Bedingungen") vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser Anleihebedingungen 
gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, 
als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben 
ausgefüllt 
wären; 
alternative 
oder 
wählbare 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen, deren Entsprechungen in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen Anleihebedingungen 
gestrichen; 
sämtliche 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen 
(einschließlich 
der 
Anweisungen, 
Anmerkungen und der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen 
Anleihebedingungen gestrichen, so dass die Bestimmungen der Endgültigen 
Bedingungen Geltung erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind kostenlos 
bei 
der 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle 
des 
Fiscal 
Agent 
und 
bei 
der 
Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich; bei nicht an einer Börse notierten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind Kopien der betreffenden Endgültigen Bedingungen 
allerdings ausschließlich für die Gläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.]

--- Page 108 ---
108
 
 
 
OPTION I – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung 
 
 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
DEUTSCHSPRACHIGE FASSUNG  
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN  
 
 
(1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") der [BASF SE] 
[BASF Finance Europe N.V.] 
(["BASF"]["BASF Finance"] oder die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte Währung] 
(die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [Falls die Globalurkunde eine 
NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1 Absatz (4))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer 
Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
 
 
(2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
durch eine 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde verbrieft 
sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar (für 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nach 
den C Rules 
begeben und/oder 
die von oder für 
CDS verwahrt 
werden) 
 
[(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch eine Dauerglobal-
urkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Dauerglobal-
urkunde trägt die Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und ist von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
anfänglich durch 
eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nach 
den D Rules 
begeben werden) 
 
[(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
(die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Stückelung, 
die 
durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
"Dauerglobalurkunde") 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. Die vorläufige Globalurkunde und die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder in dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 
(b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem Tag gegen die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Ein 
solcher Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. 
Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte 
Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß 
diesem Absatz (b) dieses § 1 Absatz (3) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im 
Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen nur außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 6 Absatz (2) definiert) geliefert werden.]

--- Page 109 ---
109
 
 
(4) Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibung verbrieft, wird 
von [einem oder für ein Clearing Systems verwahrt. "Clearing System" bedeutet [Bei 
mehr als einem Clearing System ist Folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Neue Börsenstr. 1, 60487 Frankfurt am Main, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland, ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg, ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgien, ("Euroclear") (CBL und 
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger.][CDS & Co. als Beauftragte für CDS Clearing and Depository 
Services Inc. ("CDS" oder das "Clearing System") verwahrt.] 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im  
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind maßgeblicher Nachweis des Gesamtnennbetrages 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine für zu 
diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag 
der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgebliche Bescheinigung des Inhalts 
des Registers des betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei jeder Tilgung oder einer Zinszahlung auf die durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass 
die Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung 
bezüglich der Globalurkunde entsprechend in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, und dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register 
der 
ICSDs 
aufgenommenen 
und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften 
und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird.
 
 
[Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Bei 
Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs entsprechend in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die durch 
eine 
Dauerglobalur-
kunde verbrieft 
werden, die von 
oder für CDS 
verwahrt werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Das 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentum 
an 
der 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
wird 
durch 
Buchungserfassungskonten (book-entry accounts) von Finanzinstituten vermittelt, die 
im Namen der wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer handeln und direkte oder indirekte 
Teilnehmer bei CDS sind. Rechte an der Dauerglobalurkunde können durch 
Teilnehmer an diesen Systemen unmittelbar jeweils in Kanada durch CDS, 85, 
Richmond Street West, Toronto, Ontario, Kanada 115H 2C9 oder in Europa durch 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A., 
42 
Avenue 
JF 
Kennedy, 
1855 
Luxemburg, 
Großherzogtum Luxemburg, ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi 
Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgien, ("Euroclear") (CBL und Euroclear jeweils ein 
"ICSD" und zusammen die "ICSDs") gehalten werden, oder mittelbar durch 
Organisationen, die Teilnehmer an diesen Systemen sind. CBL und Euroclear werden 
Rechte im Namen ihrer Teilnehmer durch Wertpapierkonten in ihrem eigenen Namen 
bei den jeweiligen kanadischen Unterverwahrern halten, welche jeweils amtlich 
zugelassene kanadische Banken sind (Canadian Schedule I Chartered Bank)

--- Page 110 ---
110
("Kanadische Unterverwahrer"). Die Kanadischen Unterverwahrer werden diese 
Rechte ihrerseits wiederum durch Wertpapierkonten im eigenen Namen bei CDS 
halten. 
 
 
Solange die Dauerglobalurkunde noch Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, werden die 
Emittentin, der Fiscal Agent und jede andere Zahlstelle die CDS & Co., oder jede 
andere von CDS benannte Stelle, für alle Zwecke als einzigen Gläubiger der 
Dauerglobalurkunde behandeln. Die durch die Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nur in Übereinstimmungen mit den Regeln und 
Verfahren der CDS übertragbar. Direkte Rechte können nur in Übereinstimmung mit 
den Anleihebedingungen und den Regeln und Verfahren der CDS ausgeübt werden. 
 
 
Außer in den nachstehenden beschränkten Fällen hat kein wirtschaftlicher 
Eigentümer der Schuldverschreibungen einen Anspruch auf die physische Lieferung 
von in Einzelurkunden verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin wird 
Einzelurkunden verbriefen oder verbriefen lassen und die Dauerglobalurkunde durch 
sie 
ersetzen, 
wenn 
die 
durch 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen von oder für CDS gehalten werden und (i) CDS die Emittentin 
benachrichtigt hat, dass sie nicht gewillt oder nicht in der Lage ist weiter 
Verwahrsstelle für die Schuldverschreibungen zu sein und die Emittentin 90 Zahltage 
(wie in § 4 Absatz (4) definiert) nach Erhalt einer solchen Benachrichtigung keine 
Nachfolge-Hinterlegungsstelle benannt hat; oder (ii) CDS aufhört eine nach dem 
Wertpapiergesetz von Ontario (Securities Act (Ontario)) anerkannte Clearingstelle 
oder eine Selbstregulierungsorganisation (self-regulatory organisation) nach dem 
Wertpapiergesetz von Québec (Securities Act (Québec)) oder einer anderen 
kanadischen Wertpapiervorschrift zu sein und kein anderes für die Emittentin 
zufriedenstellendes 
Clearingsystem 
innerhalb 
von 
90 
Zahltagen 
nach 
Kenntniserlangung der Emittentin vom Verlust der oben benannten Eigenschaft 
seitens der CDS benannt wird.] 
 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft werden, die von oder für CDS verwahrt werden, 
ist Folgendes anwendbar (vorbehaltlich anderweitiger Regelungen gemäß § 1(4) 
oben und § 4(1) nachstehend)] anderen vergleichbaren Rechts an den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG[, GARANTIE UND 
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER GARANTIN] 
 
 
(1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen 
anderen nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin 
gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
 
 
(2) Negativverpflichtung. 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, 
keine gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten und keine 
Garantien 
oder 
andere 
Gewährleistungen 
dafür 
durch 
Grund- 
oder 
Mobiliarpfandrechte an ihrem Vermögen zu besichern, ohne jeweils die Gläubiger zur 
gleichen Zeit und im gleichen Rang an solchen Sicherheiten oder an solchen anderen 
Sicherheiten, 
die 
von 
einem 
internationalen 
angesehenen 
unabhängigen 
Wirtschaftsprüfer als gleichwertige Sicherheit anerkannt werden, teilnehmen zu 
lassen. 
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" bezeichnet jede Verbindlichkeit hinsichtlich der 
Rückzahlung aufgenommener Geldbeträge, die durch Schuldverschreibungen oder 
sonstige Wertpapiere mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr, die 
an einer Börse oder an einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können, verbrieft oder verkörpert ist. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
 
[(3) Garantie und Negativverpflichtung der Garantin. BASF (die "Garantin") hat die 
unbedingte und unwiderrufliche Garantie (die "Garantie") für die ordnungsgemäße

--- Page 111 ---
111
von BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
und pünktliche Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen und sonstiger auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbarer Beträge übernommen. Die Garantin hat sich 
außerdem in einer Negativverpflichtung (die "Negativverpflichtung") verpflichtet, 
solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind, keine gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie 
vorstehend definiert) und keine Garantien oder andere Gewährleistungen dafür durch 
Grund- oder Mobiliarpfandrechte an ihrem Vermögen zu besichern oder eine solche 
Besicherung zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger 
an derselben Sicherheit oder an solchen anderen Sicherheiten, die von einem 
internationalen angesehenen unabhängigen Wirtschaftsprüfer als gleichwertige 
Sicherheit anerkannt werden, im gleichen Rang und gleichem Verhältnis teilnehmen 
zu lassen. Die Garantie und die Negativverpflichtung stellen einen Vertrag zugunsten 
jedes Gläubigers als begünstigtem Dritten gemäß § 328 BGB dar, welcher das Recht 
jedes Gläubigers begründet, Erfüllung aus der Garantie und der Negativverpflichtung 
unmittelbar 
von 
der 
Garantin 
zu 
verlangen 
und 
die 
Garantie 
und 
die 
Negativverpflichtung unmittelbar gegen die Garantin durchzusetzen.] 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN  
 
 (1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. 
Falls die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen mit einem 
gleichbleibenden 
Zinssatz 
ausgestattet sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren Gesamtnennbetrag verzinst, 
und zwar vom [Verzinsungsbeginn] (einschließlich) bis zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5 
Absatz (1) definiert) (ausschließlich) mit jährlich [Zinssatz]%. Die Zinsen sind 
nachträglich am [Festzinstermin(e)] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar (jeweils ein 
"Zinszahlungstag").] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Schuldverschreibu
ngen mit 
verschiedenen 
Zinssätzen 
ausgestattet sind, 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren Gesamtnennbetrag wie folgt 
verzinst. Zinsen sind nachträglich am jeweiligen Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
 
 
vom 
(einschließlich) 
 
[Daten] 
bis 
(ausschließlich) 
 
[Daten] 
(jeweils ein 
"Zinszahlungstag") 
 
 
% p.a. 
 
[Zinssätze]] 
 
 
 
 
Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am [erster Zinszahlungstag] [Sofern der erste 
Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: und beläuft sich auf [anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je 
festgelegte Stückelung].] [Sofern der Fälligkeitstag kein Festzinstermin ist, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [letzter dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehender 
Festzinstermin] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag 
(ausschließlich) 
belaufen 
sich 
auf 
[abschließenden 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegte Stückelung].] 
 
 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen. Falls die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht einlöst, erfolgt die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen vom Tag der 
Fälligkeit bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen in 
Höhe des gesetzlich festgelegten Satzes für Verzugszinsen.(1) 
 
 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Teile von Zeiträumen. Sofern Zinsen für einen 
Zeitraum von weniger als einem Jahr zu berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung auf 
der Grundlage des Zinstagequotienten (wie nachstehend definiert). 
                                                 
(1) 
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 112 ---
112
 
 
(4) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung 
eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 
251) mit nur einer 
Zinsperiode 
innerhalb eines 
Zinsjahres 
(ausschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder letzten 
kurzen oder langen 
Kupons) ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die 
tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen in der jeweiligen Zinsperiode.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 
251) mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
(einschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder letzten 
kurzen Kupons) ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch die Anzahl der 
Tage in der Bezugsperiode, in die der Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 
251) mit zwei oder 
mehr 
gleichbleibenden 
Zinsperioden 
(einschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder letzten 
kurzen Kupons) 
innerhalb eines 
Zinsjahres ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, geteilt durch das Produkt 
aus 
(1) 
der 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
in 
der 
Bezugsperiode, 
in 
die 
der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum fällt und (2) der Anzahl von Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein 
Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen 
wären.]  
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 
251) und wenn der 
Zinsberechnungs-
zeitraum länger ist 
als eine 
Bezugsperiode 
(langer Kupon) ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Summe aus: 
(a)  der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Bezugsperiode fallen, in welcher der Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (x)] [die] [der] Anzahl der Tage in 
dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer sind als ein 
Jahr, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und (y) der Anzahl von Zinszahlungstagen, 
die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls Zinsen für das gesamte 
Jahr zu zahlen wären]; und 
 
 
(b) 
der Anzahl von Tagen in dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Bezugsperiode fallen, geteilt durch [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die kürzer 
sind als ein Jahr, ist Folgendes anwendbar: das Produkt aus (x)] [die] [der] 
Anzahl der Tage in dieser Bezugsperiode [Im Fall von Bezugsperioden, die 
kürzer sind als ein Jahr, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und (y) der Anzahl von 
Zinszahlungstagen, die in ein Kalenderjahr fallen oder fallen würden, falls 
Zinsen für das gesamte Jahr zu zahlen wären]. 
 
 
 
Folgendes gilt für 
alle Optionen von 
Actual/Actual 
 
["Bezugsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
ab 
dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) oder von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum nächsten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich).

--- Page 113 ---
113
(ICMA Regelung 
251) anwendbar 
außer Option 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA Regelung 
251) mit jährlichen 
Zinszahlungen 
(ausschließlich 
dem Fall eines 
ersten oder letzten 
kurzen oder langen 
Kupons) 
[Im Fall eines ersten oder letzten kurzen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen 
Bezugsperiode gilt der [Fiktive Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstag.] [Im Fall 
eines ersten oder letzten langen Zinsberechnungszeitraumes ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Zum Zwecke der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen Bezugsperiode gelten 
der [Fiktiver Zinszahlungstag] als Zinszahlungstage].] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 
365.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 30/360, 
360/360 oder Bond 
Basis ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, wobei die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten 
zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei denn, (A) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag eines Monates, während der erste 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. noch auf den 31. Tag eines 
Monats fällt, in welchem Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat nicht als ein auf 30 
Tage verkürzter Monat zu behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten Tag des Monats Februar, in 
welchem Fall der Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage verlängerter Monat zu 
behandeln ist).] 
 
 
Im Fall von 30E/360 
oder Eurobond 
Basis ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[die Anzahl der Tage im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 (dabei ist die 
Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit 12 Monaten zu 
30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes).] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von auf 
CAD lautenden 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
oder für CDS 
verwahrt werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(5) Interest Act (Canada). Für die Zwecke der nach dem Interest Act (Canada) 
geforderten Offenlegung, ist, wann immer Zinsen auf der Basis eines anderen 
Zeitraums als einem Kalenderjahr zu berechnen sind, der jährliche Zinssatz, der für 
die Zwecke des Interest Act (Canada) dem impliziten Zinssatz einer solchen 
Berechnung entspricht, der jeweilige implizite Zinssatz multipliziert mit der 
tatasächlichen Anzahl von Tagen in dem Kalenderjahr, in welchem derselbe 
festgestellt wird, geteilt durch die Anzahl der Tage, auf der Basis derer eine solche 
Berechnung vorgenommen wurde. Der vorstehende Satz ist eine nach dem 
kanadischen Recht geforderte Offenlegung und, um Zweifel zu vermeiden, nichts in 
diesem Absatz (5) ändert in irgendeiner Weise die Methode, nach der Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen für einen beliebigen Zeitraum zu berechnen sind.] 
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Zahlungen von 
Kapital oder 
Zinsen auf eine 
Globalurkunde ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
(1) [(a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an 
das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
 
Im Fall von 
Zinszahlungen auf 
eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde ist 
Folgendes 
 
[Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das Clearing 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber 
des Clearing Systems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1

--- Page 114 ---
114
anwendbar 
Absatz (3)(b).]] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Zahlungen von 
Kapital oder 
Zinsen auf eine 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde, die von 
oder für CDS 
verwahrt wird, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen, Erfüllung. Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zinsen in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen an CDS & Co., oder jede andere von 
CDS benannte Stelle, und CDS wird die erhaltene Zahlung an die jeweiligen 
Wertpapierkonten verteilen. CDS & Co., oder jede andere von CDS benannte Stelle, 
welche als einziger Gläubiger der Dauerglobalurkunde zu behandeln ist, ist die 
einzige zum Empfang von Zahlungen auf die durch die Dauerglobalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen berechtigte Person und die Emittentin wird durch 
jede so an den einzigen Gläubiger dieser Dauerglobalurkunde oder nach dessen 
Order geleistete Zahlung von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. Jeder in den Registern der 
CDS geführte wirtschaftliche Eigentümer eines jeweiligen Nennbetrags der durch die 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen muss sich wegen seines 
oder ihres Anteils jeder so durch die Emittentin an den einzigen Gläubiger der 
Dauerglobalurkunde oder nach dessen Order geleisteten Zahlung ausschließlich an 
CDS wenden. Außer dem einzigen Gläubiger der Dauerglobalurkunde hat keine 
andere Person einen Anspruch gegen die Emittentin in Bezug auf eine fällige Zahlung 
auf diese Dauerglobalurkunde.] 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der 
"Code") beschrieben bzw. anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des Code 
auferlegt, etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder geschlossener 
Abkommen, etwaiger offizieller Auslegungen davon, oder von Gesetzen zur 
Umsetzung einer Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu [Im Fall von auf Renminbi 
lautenden Schuldverschreibungen ist Folgendes anwendbar: und vorbehaltlich 
der Abwicklung zum USD-Gegenwert aufgrund Fehlender Konvertierbarkeit, 
Fehlender Übertragbarkeit oder Illiquidität gemäß Absatz (7)] erfolgen zu leistende 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
Im Fall von 
Zahlungen von 
Kapital oder 
Zinsen auf eine 
Global-urkunde, 
die von oder für 
CBF oder die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt wird, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System 
oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit.] 
 
 
[(4)] 
Zahltag. Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. 
Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag, der 
Falls die 
festgelegte 
Währung nicht 
EUR ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem Geschäftsbanken und 
Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln und an 
dem das Clearing System geöffnet ist, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln.] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
festgelegte 
Währung EUR ist, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[ein Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) ist, an dem das Clearing System 
sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln.] 
 
 
[(5)] 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
den 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
[Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die

--- Page 115 ---
115
Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als steuerlichen Gründen vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call) 
der Schuldverschreibungen;] [Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der Schuldverschreibungen;] [Falls die Emittentin 
das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig nach Veröffentlichung 
einer Transaktions-Mitteilung zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] 
sowie 
jeden 
Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren 
Beträge. Bezugnahmen in diesen Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren 
zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
 
 
[(6)] Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, 
Zins- 
oder 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf 
Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger 
sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und 
auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die diesbezüglichen 
Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
Im Fall von auf 
Renminbi 
lautenden 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(7) (a) Zahlungsverschiebung oder Abwicklung zum USD-Gegenwert. 
Ungeachtet 
jeglicher 
entgegenstehender 
Bestimmungen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen, falls die Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantin] nach Treu und Glauben 
und in wirtschaftlich angemessener Weise festlegt, dass sie aufgrund Fehlender 
Konvertierbarkeit, Fehlender Übertragbarkeit oder Illiquidität (jeweils ein "RMB-
Währungsereignis") nicht in der Lage ist, Zahlungen in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF 
Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantie] bei Fälligkeit vollständig in RMB in 
Hongkong zu leisten, kann die Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantin] [Falls vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin wegen Fehlender Konvertierbarkeit, 
Fehlender Übertragbarkeit oder Illiquidität anwendbar ist, gilt folgendes:, 
vorbehaltlich einer vorzeitigen Rückzahlung gemäß § 5([7]),] nach eigenem 
Ermessen (i) die jeweilige Zahlung auf den zweiten Geschäftstag nach dem Tag, an 
dem das RMB-Währungsereignis nicht mehr besteht, verschieben, es sei denn, das 
RMB-Währungsereignis besteht 14 aufeinanderfolgende Tage nach dem jeweiligen 
Fälligkeitstag fort, oder (ii) jede derartige Zahlung an dem jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag in 
US-Dollar zum USD-Gegenwert jedes solchen RMB-Betrages leisten. Entscheidet 
sich die Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance 
begeben werden: bzw. die Garantin] dafür, die jeweilige Zahlung zu verschieben und 
das RMB-Währungsereignis besteht für mehr als 14 aufeinanderfolgende Tage nach 
dem 
jeweiligen 
Fälligkeitstag 
fort, 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantin] die jeweilige Zahlung an dem Geschäftstag in US-Dollar zum USD-
Gegenwert 
jedes 
solchen 
RMB-Betrages 
leisten, 
der 
auf 
den 
14. 
aufeinanderfolgenden Tag nach dem jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag folgt. Bei Feststellung, 
dass ein RMB-Währungsereignis eingetreten ist, wird die Emittentin [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantin] nicht später als 14 Uhr (Hongkong Zeit) am Kurs-Feststellungstag (i) die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6 definiert) benachrichtigen und (ii) die Berechnungsstelle 
anweisen, 
die 
Gläubiger 
gemäß 
§ 13 
über 
den 
Eintritt 
eines 
RMB-
Währungsereignisses und die Entscheidung der Emittentin [Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. der 
Garantin], Zahlungen zu verschieben oder Zahlungen in US-Dollar zu leisten, zu 
benachrichtigen. 
In 
diesem 
Fall 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantin] die Mitteilung an die Gläubiger so früh wie möglich gemäß § 13 
veranlassen. Im Fall von Zahlungen gemäß diesem § 4[(7)](a) werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen vom jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag der Schuldverschreibungen 
(einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung (einschließlich) nicht 
verzinst.

--- Page 116 ---
116
 
 
(b) 
Zahlungen 
in 
US-Dollar. 
Falls 
die 
Emittentin 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantin] entscheidet, Zahlungen in US-Dollar zu leisten, werden Zahlungen des 
USD-Gegenwertes des jeweiligen RMB-Betrages an die Person(en) gemäß diesem 
§ 4 geleistet. Die Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF 
Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantin] wird durch Leistung einer jeder 
solchen 
Zahlung 
von 
ihrer 
jeweiligen 
Zahlungspflicht 
unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF 
Finance begeben werden: bzw. unter der Garantie] befreit. 
 
 
(c) Nichtverfügbarkeit des Kassakurses. Falls (a) die Emittentin [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantin] entscheidet, Zahlungen in US-Dollar zu leisten und (b) es nicht möglich ist, 
den Kassakurs am Kurs-Feststellungstag einzuholen, kann die Emittentin [Im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantin] nach eigenem Ermessen den Kurs-Feststellungstag auf den nächsten 
Geschäftstag, an dem der Kassakurs eingeholt werden kann, verschieben, es sei 
denn, 
die 
Nichtverfügbarkeit 
des 
Kassakurses 
besteht 
für 
bis 
zu 
15 
aufeinanderfolgende Tage nach dem Tag, der aufgrund der Nichtverfügbarkeit des 
Kassakurses 
der 
Kurs-Feststellungstag 
wäre 
(der 
"Anfängliche 
Kurs-
Feststellungstag"), fort. Falls die Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantin] entscheidet, den Kurs-
Feststellungstag 
zu 
verschieben 
und 
der 
Kassakurs 
bis 
zum 
15. 
aufeinanderfolgenden Tag nach dem Anfänglichen Kurs-Feststellungstag nicht 
verfügbar ist, ist der erste Geschäftstag nach dem 15. aufeinanderfolgenden Tag 
nach dem Anfänglichen Kurs-Feststellungstag der Kurs-Feststellungstag. Wird der 
Kurs-Feststellungstag verschoben, wird der jeweilige Fälligkeitstag von Zahlungen auf 
den zweiten Geschäftstag nach dem Kurs-Feststellungstag verschoben. Die 
Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben 
werden: bzw. die Garantin] wird ohne unangemessene Verzögerung nachdem sie 
festgestellt hat, dass es nicht möglich ist, den Kassakurs am Kurs-Feststellungstag 
einzuholen (i) die Berechnungsstelle benachrichtigen und (ii) die Berechnungsstelle 
anweisen, die Gläubiger gemäß § 13 über die Nichtverfügbarkeit des Kassakurses 
und die Entscheidung der Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von 
BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantin], den Kurs-Feststellungstag zu 
verschieben oder die Berechnungsstelle anzuweisen, den Kassakurs zu bestimmen, 
zu 
benachrichtigen. 
In 
diesem 
Fall 
wird 
die 
Emittentin 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantin] die Mitteilung an die Gläubiger so früh wie möglich gemäß § 13 
veranlassen. Im Fall von Zahlungen gemäß diesem § 4[(7)](a) werden die 
Schuldverschreibungen vom jeweiligen Fälligkeitstag der Schuldverschreibungen 
(einschließlich) bis zum Tag der tatsächlichen Rückzahlung (einschließlich) nicht 
verzinst. 
 
 
(d) Definitionen. Für die Zwecke dieses Absatzes (7) haben die folgenden Begriffe 
folgende Bedeutung: 
 
 
"Staatliche Stelle" bezeichnet alle de facto oder de jure staatlichen Regierungen 
(einschließlich 
der 
dazu 
gehörenden 
Behörden 
oder 
Organe), 
Gerichte, 
rechtsprechenden, verwaltungsbehördlichen oder sonstigen staatlichen Stellen und 
alle sonstigen (privatrechtlichen oder öffentlich-rechtlichen) Personen (einschließlich 
der jeweiligen Zentralbank), die mit Aufsichtsfunktionen über die Finanzmärkte in 
Hongkong betraut sind. 
 
 
"Hong Kong" bezeichnet die Sonderverwaltungszone Hongkong der Volksrepublik 
China. 
 
 
"Illiquidität" bezeichnet die Illiquidität des allgemeinen RMB-Devisenmarkts in 
Hongkong, 
außer 
in 
Folge 
Fehlender 
Konvertierbarkeit 
oder 
Fehlender 
Übertragbarkeit, infolgedessen die Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantin] (nachdem von ihr alle 
Anstrengungen unternommen wurden) nicht die ausreichende Menge an RMB zur 
vollständigen 
Erfüllung 
ihrer 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF 
Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantie] erhalten kann.

--- Page 117 ---
117
 
 
"Fehlende Konvertierbarkeit" bezeichnet den Eintritt eines Ereignisses, das die 
Umwandlung eines fälligen Betrags in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen [Im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantie] in RMB am allgemeinen RMB-Devisenmarkt in Hongkong unmöglich, oder, 
nachdem alle Anstrengungen unternommen wurden, undurchführbar macht, sofern 
diese Unmöglichkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit ausschließlich auf eine Nichteinhaltung 
von Gesetzen, Verordnungen oder Vorschriften einer Staatlichen Stelle seitens der 
Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben 
werden: bzw. der Garantin] zurückzuführen ist (es sei denn, die betreffenden 
Gesetze, Verordnungen oder Vorschriften werden nach dem Begebungstag der 
Schuldverschreibungen verabschiedet bzw. erlassen und ihre Einhaltung ist der 
Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben 
werden: bzw. der Garantin] aufgrund eines außerhalb ihres Einflussbereichs 
liegenden Ereignisses nicht möglich oder, nachdem von ihr alle Anstrengungen 
unternommen wurden, undurchführbar). 
 
 
"Fehlende Übertragbarkeit" bezeichnet den Eintritt eines Ereignisses, das eine 
Überweisung von RMB zwischen Konten innerhalb Hongkongs oder von einem Konto 
in Hongkong auf ein Konto außerhalb Hongkongs unmöglich oder, nachdem alle 
Anstrengungen 
unternommen 
wurden, 
undurchführbar 
macht, 
sofern 
diese 
Unmöglichkeit oder Undurchführbarkeit ausschließlich auf eine Nichteinhaltung von 
Gesetzen, Verordnungen oder Vorschriften einer Staatlichen Stelle seitens der 
Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben 
werden: bzw. der Garantin] zurückzuführen ist (es sei denn, die betreffenden 
Gesetze, Verordnungen oder Vorschriften werden nach dem Begebungstag der 
Schuldverschreibungen verabschiedet bzw. erlassen und ihre Einhaltung ist der 
Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben 
werden: bzw. der Garantin] aufgrund eines außerhalb ihres Einflussbereichs 
liegenden Ereignisses nicht möglich oder, nachdem von ihr alle Anstrengungen 
unternommen wurden, undurchführbar). 
 
 
"Kurs-Feststellungstag" bezeichnet den Tag, der zwei Geschäftstage vor dem 
Fälligkeitstag der jeweiligen Zahlung gemäß dieser Anleihebedingungen liegt, 
vorbehaltlich einer Anpassung gemäß Absatz (7)(c) oben. 
 
 
"Kassakurs" bezeichnet das arithmetische Mittel zwischen Geld- und Briefkurs 
zwischen US-Dollar und RMB für den Kauf von US-Dollar mit Renminbi auf dem 
außerbörslichen Renminbi Devisenmarkt in Hongkong mit Abwicklung nach zwei 
Geschäftstagen zu dem von der Berechnungsstelle am Kurs-Feststellungstag um ca. 
11.00 Uhr (Hongkong Zeit), unter der Annahme einer tatsächlichen Abwicklung, unter 
Heranziehung der auf der Bildschirmseite TRADCNY3 von Reuters unter der Spalte 
USD/CNH festgelegten Kurse, oder, sofern solche Kurse nicht zur Verfügung stehen, 
unter der Annahme eines synthetischen Geschäfts, unter Heranziehung der 
Bildschirmseite TRADNDF von Reuters oder der jeweiligen Nachfolgeseiten. Sofern 
keiner dieser Kurse verfügbar ist, wird die Berechnungsstelle den Kassakurs um ca. 
11.00 Uhr (Hongkong Zeit) am Kurs-Feststellungstag als aktuellsten verfügbaren 
offiziellen US-Dollar/RMB Kurs für Abwicklungen am übernächsten Geschäftstag, wie 
vom staatlichen Devisenamt der Volksrepublik China (State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange of the People's Republic of China) veröffentlicht, der auf der 
Bildschirmseite CNY=SAEC von Reuters veröffentlicht wird, bestimmen. Verweise auf 
Bildschirmseiten von Reuters beziehen sich auf von Reuters so bezeichnete Monitor 
Money Rates Service Seiten (oder einen an dessen Stelle tretenden Dienst) oder auf 
andere Seiten, die diese Seiten zum Zwecke der Darstellung eines vergleichbaren 
Devisenwechselkurses gegebenenfalls ersetzen. 
 
 
"USD-Gegenwert" eines RMB-Betrags bezeichnet den in US-Dollar anhand des 
Kassakurses für den jeweiligen Kurs-Feststellungstag umgewandelten jeweiligen 
RMB-Betrag, wie von der Berechnungsstelle an dem Kurs-Feststellungstag bestimmt 
und der Emittentin [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance 
begeben werden: bzw. der Garantin] unverzüglich mitgeteilt. 
 
 
"Geschäftstag" bezeichnet für die Zwecke dieses § 4 Absatz (7) einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken für den allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr (einschließlich Devisengeschäften) in [Hongkong, Peking] geöffnet 
sind.

--- Page 118 ---
118
 
 
(e) Bezugnahmen. Bezugnahmen auf "RMB" bezeichnen die gesetzliche Währung 
der Volksrepublik China, wobei dieser Begriff Hongkong, die Sonderverwaltungszone 
Macao der Volksrepublik China und Taiwan ausschließt. 
 
 
(f) 
Verbindlichkeit 
der 
Festsetzungen. 
Alle 
Mitteilungen, 
Auffassungen, 
Feststellungen, 
Bescheinigungen, 
Berechnungen, 
Kursnotierungen 
und 
Entscheidungen, die für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmungen von der Berechnungsstelle 
abgegeben, zum Ausdruck gebracht, vorgenommen oder eingeholt werden, sind 
(außer in Fällen von Vorsatz, Arglist oder offenkundigen Fehlern) für die Emittentin 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: 
bzw. die Garantin], die Erfüllungsgehilfen und alle Gläubiger verbindlich.] 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet [Im Fall von auf Renminbi lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ist Folgendes anwendbar: bzw. vorbehaltlich einer 
Zahlungsverschiebung gemäß § 4 Absatz (7)], werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag am [Fälligkeitstag] (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. 
Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in Bezug auf jede Schuldverschreibung entspricht dem 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent und gemäß § 13 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig 
gekündigt und zu ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung 
der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer 
Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser 
Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am 
oder 
nach 
dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
letzte 
Tranche 
dieser 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben 
wird, 
wirksam) 
am 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz (1) definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese 
Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen vernünftiger, der Emittentin zur Verfügung 
stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem die 
Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent und gemäß § 13 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig 
gekündigt und zu ihrem vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag (wie nachstehend definiert) 
zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin oder die Garantin als Folge einer Änderung 
oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder der Niederlande oder deren politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem 
Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz (1) definiert) 
zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) 
verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen vernünftiger,

--- Page 119 ---
119
der Emittentin oder der Garantin zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden 
werden kann. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin oder die Garantin verpflichtet wäre, 
solche 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
zu 
zahlen, 
falls 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, in dem die Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist.]  
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 13 zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den 
für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründenden 
Umständen darlegt. 
Falls die 
Gläubiger das 
Wahlrecht haben, 
die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig aufgrund 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
zu kündigen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar  
 
[(3) Kontrollwechsel. Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein und kommt es innerhalb des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums zu einer Absenkung des Ratings auf Grund des 
Kontrollwechsels (zusammen, ein "Rückzahlungsereignis"), hat jeder Gläubiger das 
Recht 
(sofern 
nicht 
die 
Emittentin, 
bevor 
die 
nachstehend 
beschriebene 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemacht wird, die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
nach § 5 Absatz (2) angezeigt hat), die Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Emittentin zum Nennbetrag, zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zinsen bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich), zu verlangen. 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
Bedeutet "Ratingagentur" jede Ratingagentur von S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P") und Moody's Investors Services ("Moody's") oder eine ihrer 
jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaften oder jede andere von BASF von Zeit zu Zeit 
bestimmte Ratingagentur vergleichbaren internationalen Ansehens; 
Gilt eine "Absenkung des Ratings" in Bezug auf einen Kontrollwechsel als 
eingetreten, wenn innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein vorher für BASF oder 
die Schuldverschreibungen vergebenes Rating einer Ratingagentur (i) zurückgezogen 
oder (ii) von einem Investment Grade Rating (BBB- von S&P/Baa3 von Moody's oder 
jeweils gleichwertig, oder besser) in ein non-Investment Grade Rating (BB+ von 
S&P/Ba1 von Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder schlechter) geändert wird; 
Gilt ein "Kontrollwechsel" jedes Mal als eingetreten, wenn eine Person oder mehrere 
Personen (die "relevante(n) Person(en)"), die im Sinne von § 30 Absatz 2 des 
Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetzes (WpÜG) abgestimmt handeln, oder ein 
oder mehrere Dritte(r), die im Auftrag der relevanten Person(en) handeln, zu 
irgendeiner Zeit mittelbar oder unmittelbar (unabhängig davon, ob der Vorstand oder 
der Aufsichtsrat der BASF seine Zustimmung erteilt hat) eine solche Anzahl von 
Aktien der BASF hält bzw. halten oder erworben hat bzw. haben, auf die mehr als 
50% der Stimmrechte entfallen; 
Ist der "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" der Zeitraum, der 120 Tage nach dem Eintritt 
eines Kontrollwechsels endet; und 
Ist der "Rückzahlungstag" der fünfzehnte Tag nach dem letzten Tag des 
Ausübungszeitraums. 
Sofort nachdem die Emittentin von einem Rückzahlungsereignis Kenntnis erlangt, 
wird sie den Gläubigern gemäß § 13 Mitteilung vom Rückzahlungsereignis machen 
(eine "Rückzahlungsmitteilung"), in der die Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses 
sowie das Verfahren für die Ausübung des in diesem § 5 Absatz (3) genannten 
Wahlrechts angegeben sind. 
Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger innerhalb eines Zeitraums von 45 
Tagen 
nachdem 
die 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung 
veröffentlicht 
ist 
(der 
"Ausübungszeitraum"), an die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent eine 
Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder in 
schriftlicher 
Form 
("Ausübungserklärung") 
zu 
schicken. 
Falls 
die 
Ausübungserklärung nach 17:00 Uhr Frankfurt am Main Zeit am 45. Tag nach 
Veröffentlichung der Rückzahlungsmitteilung eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam 
ausgeübt. Die Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird und (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben). Für die

--- Page 120 ---
120
Ausübungserklärung 
kann 
ein 
Formblatt, 
wie 
es 
bei 
den 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen des Fiscal Agent in deutscher und englischer Sprache erhältlich ist 
und das weitere Hinweise enthält, verwendet werden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts 
kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für 
welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zu 
festgelegten 
Wahlrück-
zahlungsbeträgen 
(Call) zurück-
zuzahlen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(en) (Call) oder jederzeit danach bis zum jeweils nachfolgenden 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
zum/zu 
den 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Call), 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben, 
nebst 
etwaigen bis zum jeweiligen Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Call)
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Call)
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                 ] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                 ] 
 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(6)] dieses § 5 verlangt 
hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 13 bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
 
(iii) den Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr als 60 
Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf; und 
 
 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zum 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungs-
betrag 
zurückzuzahlen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
jederzeit 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
(jeweils 
ein 
"Vorzeitiger 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call)") 
zum 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaigen bis zum jeweiligen Vorzeitigen Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen.

--- Page 121 ---
121
 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(6)] dieses § 5 verlangt 
hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 13 bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
 
 
 
(iii) den Vorzeitigen Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht weniger als 30 Tage 
und nicht mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf.  
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
Falls der Gläubiger 
ein Wahlrecht hat, 
die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zu 
festgelegtem/n 
Wahlrückzahlungs-
betrag/-beträgen 
(Put) zu kündigen, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(6)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers.  
(a) Die Emittentin hat eine Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des entsprechenden 
Wahlrechts durch den Gläubiger am/an den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) 
zum/zu 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen 
(Put), 
wie 
nachstehend 
angegeben nebst etwaigen bis zum Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge (Put) 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträge] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                 ] 
 
 
[                                                 ] 
[                                                 ] 
 
 
 
Dem 
Gläubiger 
steht 
dieses 
Wahlrecht 
nicht 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung 
eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt hat. 
 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger nicht weniger als 30 Tage und 
nicht mehr als 60 Tage vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die 
Rückzahlung gemäß der Ausübungserklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) erfolgen 
soll, an die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent eine Mitteilung zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder in schriftlicher 
Form ("Ausübungserklärung") zu schicken. Falls die Ausübungserklärung nach 
17:00 Uhr Frankfurt am Main Zeit am 30. Tag vor dem Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put) 
eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam ausgeübt. Die Ausübungserklärung hat 
anzugeben: (i) den gesamten Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen, für die das 
Wahlrecht 
ausgeübt 
wird 
und 
(ii) 
die 
Wertpapierkennnummern 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben). Für die Ausübungserklärung kann ein 
Formblatt, wie es bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen des Fiscal Agent in 
deutscher und englischer Sprache erhältlich ist und das weitere Hinweise enthält, 
verwendet werden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht widerrufen werden. 
Die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt 
worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen an die 
Emittentin oder deren Order.]

--- Page 122 ---
122
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, deren 
festgelegte 
Währung Renminbi 
ist und falls die 
Emittentin das 
Recht zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
wegen Fehlender 
Konvertierbarkeit, 
Fehlender 
Übertragbarkeit 
oder Illiquidität hat, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(7)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin wegen Fehlender 
Konvertierbarkeit, Fehlender Übertragbarkeit oder Illiquidität. Falls die Emittentin [Im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. 
die Garantin] aufgrund Fehlender Konvertierbarkeit, Fehlender Übertragbarkeit oder 
Illiquidität (wie jeweils in § 4 Absatz 7 definiert) nicht in der Lage ist, Zahlungen in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen [Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die Garantie] bei Fälligkeit vollständig in 
RMB 
in 
Hongkong 
zu 
leisten, 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden: bzw. die 
Garantin] die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 10 und nicht mehr als 30 Tagen unwiderruflich 
gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § 13 vorzeitig kündigen und zum USD-Gegenwert 
(wie in § 4 Absatz 7 definiert) des Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrages zuzüglich des 
USD-Gegenwerts etwaiger bis zum für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag 
(ausschliesslich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.] 
 
 
Falls 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
bei 
geringem 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrag 
anwendbar ist, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(8)] Rückkauf; Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringem 
ausstehendem Nennbetrag. Die Emittentin kann jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im 
Markt oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis kaufen. Derartig erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen können entwertet, gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
Falls die Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen in einem Gesamtnennbetrag von 75% 
oder 
mehr 
des 
ursprünglich 
begebenen 
Gesamtnennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erworben 
hat, 
und 
der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen in der Globalurkunde um diesen Prozentsatz reduziert wurde, 
kann die Emittentin die verbleibenden Schuldverschreibungen (insgesamt, jedoch 
nicht teilweise) mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 10 und nicht mehr als 
30 Tagen unwiderruflich gegenüber den Gläubigern gemäß § 13 kündigen und zum 
Rückzahlungsbetrag nebst etwaiger bis zum Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.] 
 
 
Falls die Emittentin 
das Wahlrecht hat, 
die 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig 
nach 
Veröffentlichung 
einer Transaktions-
Mitteilung zum 
Ereignis-Wahlrück-
zahlungsbetrag 
zurückzuzahlen, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(9)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin nach Veröffentlichung einer 
Transaktions-Mitteilung. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) mittels einer Transaktions-
Mitteilung gekündigt hat, die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise am 
jeweiligen 
Rückzahlungstag 
zum 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
nebst 
etwaigen bis zum jeweiligen Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
"Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag" 
bezeichnet 
[Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag]. 
 
 
"Transaktions-Mitteilung" 
bezeichnet 
eine 
Mitteilung, 
dass 
das 
Transaktionsauslösende Ereignis eingetreten ist. Die Transaktions-Mitteilung kann 
nur innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem Eintreten des Transaktionsauslösenden 
Ereignisses und nur, wenn das Transaktionsauslösende Ereignis innerhalb der 
Transaktionsauslösenden Ereignisfrist eingetreten ist, zugestellt werden.   
 
 
"Transaktionsauslösende 
Ereignisfrist" 
bezeichnet 
den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
[Begebungstag] bis zum [Datum Ende des Zeitraums]. 
"Transaktion" bezeichnet [Beschreibung der Transaktion bezüglich derer die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu Finanzierungszwecken begeben wurden oder in 
Bezug auf die das Eintreten eines Transaktionsauslösenden Ereignisses das 
Kündigungsrecht auslöst]. 
"Transaktionsauslösendes Ereignis" bedeutet [die Transaktion wurde vor ihrem 
Abschluss beendet oder die Transaktion wird aus irgendeinem anderen Grund 
nicht abgewickelt oder die Emittentin hat öffentlich erklärt, dass sie nicht länger 
beabsichtigt, die Transaktion zu verfolgen] [Beschreibung des Ereignisses im 
Zusammenhang mit der Transaktion, dessen Eintritt ein Kündigungsrecht 
auslöst]

--- Page 123 ---
123
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig 
zu kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung bereits der 
Gläubiger in Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(6)] dieses § 5 verlangt 
hat.] 
 
 
(b) Die Transaktions-Mitteilung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch 
die Emittentin gemäß § 13 bekanntzugeben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden 
Angaben: 
 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
 
 
(iii) den jeweiligen Rückzahlungstag, der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht mehr 
als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern liegen darf. 
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln 
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
 
 
[(10)] Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag. [(a)] Für die Zwecke des Absatzes (2) [und 
[(7)]] 
dieses 
§ 5, 
entspricht 
der 
vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
einer 
Schuldverschreibung dem Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zum 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungs-
betrag 
zurückzuzahlen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(b) Für die Zwecke des Absatzes [(5)] dieses § 5 entspricht der vorzeitige 
Rückzahlungsbetrag einer Schuldverschreibung (i) dem Rückzahlungsbetrag oder (ii), 
falls höher, dem abgezinsten Marktwert der Schuldverschreibung. Der abgezinste 
Marktwert einer Schuldverschreibung wird von der Berechnungsstelle errechnet und 
entspricht 
dem 
abgezinsten 
Wert 
der 
Summe 
des 
Nennbetrages 
der 
Schuldverschreibung und der verbleibenden Zinszahlungen bis zum [Fälligkeitstag]. 
Der abgezinste Wert wird von der Berechnungsstelle errechnet, indem der 
Nennbetrag der Schuldverschreibung und die verbleibenden Zinszahlungen bis zum 
[Fälligkeitstag] auf einer jährlichen Basis, bei Annahme eines 365-Tage Jahres bzw. 
eines 366-Tages Jahres und der tatsächlichen Anzahl von Tagen, die einem solchen 
Jahr abgelaufen sind, unter Anwendung der Vergleichbaren Benchmark Rendite 
zuzüglich [Prozentsatz]% abgezinst werden. Die "Vergleichbare Benchmark 
Rendite" bezeichnet die am Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag bestehende Rendite der 
entsprechenden [Euro-Referenz-Anleihe der Bundesrepublik Deutschland] [durch HM 
Treasury 
begebenen 
Sterling-Referenzanleihe 
des 
Vereinigten 
Königreichs] 
[Schweizer Franken-Referenz-Bundesanleihe der Schweizerischen Eidgenossen-
schaft] [Referenz-U.S. Staatsanleihe (US Treasury debt security) in U.S. Dollar] mit 
einer Laufzeit, die mit der verbleibenden Laufzeit der Schuldverschreibung bis zum 
[Fälligkeitstag] vergleichbar ist, und die im Zeitpunkt der Auswahlentscheidung und 
entsprechend 
der 
üblichen 
Finanzmarktpraxis 
zur 
Preisbestimmung 
bei 
Neuemissionen von Unternehmensanleihen mit einer bis zum [Fälligkeitstag] der 
Schuldverschreibung 
vergleichbaren 
Laufzeit 
verwendet 
werden 
würde. 
"Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag" ist der dritte Zahltag vor dem jeweiligen Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call).] 
 
 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT[, ] [UND] DIE ZAHLSTELLE [UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE]  
 
 (1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent [,] 
[und] 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Zahlstelle 
[und 
die 
anfänglich 
bestellte 
Berechnungsstelle] und deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstellen lauten wie folgt: 
Folgendes ist 
 [Fiscal Agent 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 124 ---
124
außer für eine 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde, die von 
oder für CDS 
verwahrt wird, 
anwendbar 
 und Zahlstelle: 
Trust & Agency Services 
  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland] 
 
 
Im Fall einer 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde, die von 
oder für CDS 
verwahrt wird, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Fiscal Agent und 
Zahlstelle: 
[Name und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des/der 
Kanadischen Fiscal Agent und Zahlstelle]] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zum 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungs-
betrag 
zurückzuzahlen 
oder im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, deren 
festgelegte 
Währung Renminbi 
ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Berechnungsstelle: 
[Name und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle]] 
 
 Der Fiscal Agent [,] [und] die Zahlstelle [und die Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich das 
Recht vor, jederzeit ihre bezeichnete[n] Geschäftsstelle[n] durch eine andere 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
 
 (2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal Agents oder einer Zahlstelle [oder der 
Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent oder 
zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen [oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle] zu 
bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt [(i)] einen Fiscal Agent unterhalten 
[Im Fall von Zahlungen in U.S. Dollar ist Folgendes anwendbar:, (ii) falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der 
Vereinigten 
Staaten 
(wie 
unten 
definiert) 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich 
der 
vollständigen Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in U.S. Dollar 
widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York City unterhalten] [Im Fall einer 
Dauerglobalurkunde, die von oder für CDS verwahrt wird, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: , (iii) eine(n) kanadische(n) Fiscal Agent und eine Zahlstelle mit 
bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle 
in 
Toronto, 
Ontario 
unterhalten] 
[Falls 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle bestellt werden soll, ist Folgendes anwendbar: und [(iv)] eine 
Berechnungsstelle unterhalten]. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein 
sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche 
Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger hierüber gemäß § 13 vorab unter 
Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 Tage und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert 
wurden. Für die Zwecke dieser Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" 
die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des 
District of Columbia) sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. 
Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 (3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent[,] [und] die Zahlstelle [und die 
Berechnungsstelle] handeln ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet.

--- Page 125 ---
125
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt 
oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen 
Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein solcher Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so 
wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen Beträge") 
zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge 
nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im 
Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
 (a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
 (b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
 (c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend 
die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung 
über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese 
Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
 (d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 wirksam wird. 
 
 Die seit dem 1. Januar 2009 in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland geltende 
Abgeltungssteuer und der darauf erhobene Solidaritätszuschlag sind keine Steuer 
oder sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge seitens 
der Emittentin zu zahlen wären.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen oder unter der Garantie zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von 
oder in den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren 
Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen Untergliederung oder 
Steuerbehörde der oder in den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein solcher Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so 
wird die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen Beträge") 
zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge 
nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im 
Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
 (a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
 (b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen

--- Page 126 ---
126
Beziehung des Gläubigers zu den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) 
oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
 (c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend 
die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung 
über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die 
Niederlande oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder 
befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
 (d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 wirksam wird. 
 
 Die seit dem 1. Januar 2009 in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland geltende 
Abgeltungssteuer und der darauf erhobene Solidaritätszuschlag sind keine Steuer 
oder sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge seitens 
der Emittentin zu zahlen wären.] 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibung zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
(etwaiger) bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 (a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 (b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer anderen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese Unterlassung länger als 30 Tage 
fortdauert, nachdem der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem 
Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
 
 (c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 2 Absatz (2) definiert) oder ein 
Schuldscheindarlehen (mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) 
der Emittentin vorzeitig zahlbar wird aufgrund einer Nicht- oder Schlechtleistung 
des dieser Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit oder des Schuldscheindarlehens (mit einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) zugrunde liegenden Vertrages, 
oder die Emittentin einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im Gegenwert von 
mehr als EUR 200.000.000 aus einer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit oder einem 
Schuldscheindarlehen (mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) 
oder 
aufgrund 
einer 
Bürgschaft 
oder 
Garantie, 
die 
für 
die 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
ein 
Schuldscheindarlehen 
(mit 
einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) Dritter gegeben wurde, nicht 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer Bürgschaft oder 
Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei denn, die Emittentin bestreitet in 
gutem Glauben, dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist bzw. diese 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, oder falls eine 
für solche Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für die oder von den daraus 
berechtigten Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird; oder 
 
 (d) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit allgemein bekanntgibt oder ihre Zahlungen 
einstellt; oder 
 
 (e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, ein solches 
Verfahren eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder

--- Page 127 ---
127
ausgesetzt worden ist, oder die Emittentin ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder 
beantragt; oder 
 
 (f) die Emittentin ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz oder überwiegend einstellt, alle oder den 
wesentlichen Teil ihres Vermögens veräußert oder anderweitig abgibt und (i) 
dadurch den Wert ihres Vermögens wesentlich vermindert und (ii) es dadurch 
wahrscheinlich wird, dass die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Gläubigern nicht mehr erfüllen kann; oder 
 
 (g) die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang 
mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit 
einer anderen Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang mit einer Umwandlung und 
diese Gesellschaft übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist. 
 
 Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 (2) Quorum. In den Fällen des Absatz (1)(b) und/oder (1)(c) wird eine Kündigung, 
sofern nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in Absatz (1)(a) und (1)(d) bis (g) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei dem Fiscal Agent 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
1/10 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
 
 (3) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß Absatz (1) ist schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent zu erklären und persönlich oder per 
Einschreiben an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln.]  
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibung zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
(etwaiger) bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 (a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 (b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer anderen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen oder die Garantin die Erfüllung einer Verpflichtung aus der 
Garantie unterlässt und diese Unterlassung länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, 
nachdem der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger 
erhalten hat; oder 
 
 (c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 2 Absatz (2) definiert) oder ein 
Schuldscheindarlehen (mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) 
der Emittentin oder der Garantin vorzeitig zahlbar wird aufgrund einer Nicht- oder 
Schlechtleistung 
des 
dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
des 
Schuldscheindarlehens zugrunde liegenden Vertrages, oder die Emittentin oder 
die Garantin einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im Gegenwert von mehr als 
EUR 200.000.000 
aus 
einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
einem 
Schuldscheindarlehen oder aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die für die 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit oder ein Schuldscheindarlehen Dritter gegeben wurde, 
nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei denn, die Emittentin oder die 
Garantin bestreitet in gutem Glauben, dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht 
oder fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft oder Garantie berechtigterweise geltend 
gemacht wird, oder falls eine für solche Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für 
die oder von den daraus berechtigten Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird; 
oder 
 
 (d) die Emittentin oder die Garantin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit allgemein bekanntgibt 
oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt; oder 
 
 (e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin oder die Garantin eröffnet, 
ein solches Verfahren eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen aufgehoben 
oder ausgesetzt worden ist, oder die Emittentin oder die Garantin ein solches 
Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt oder die Emittentin ein "surseance van betaling"

--- Page 128 ---
128
(im Sinne des niederländischen Insolvenzrechts) beantragt; oder 
 
 (f) die Emittentin oder die Garantin ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz oder überwiegend 
einstellt, alle oder den wesentlichen Teil ihres Vermögens veräußert oder 
anderweitig abgibt und (i) dadurch den Wert ihres Vermögens wesentlich vermindert 
und (ii) es dadurch wahrscheinlich wird, dass die Emittentin oder die Garantin ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern nicht mehr erfüllen kann; oder 
 
 (g) die Emittentin oder die Garantin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang mit 
einer Umwandlung und diese Gesellschaft übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die 
Emittentin oder die Garantin im Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen ist; oder 
 
 (h) die Garantie aus irgendeinem Grund nicht mehr wirksam und rechtlich bindend ist.
 
 Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 (2) Quorum. In den Fällen des Absatz (1)(b) und/oder (1)(c) wird eine Kündigung, 
sofern nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in Absatz (1)(a) und (1)(d) bis (h) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei dem Fiscal Agent 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
1/10 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
 
 (3) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß Absatz (1) ist schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent zu erklären und persönlich oder per 
Einschreiben an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln.]  
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG  
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten 
definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass:] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger entweder die Garantin oder ein mit der Garantin 
verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin 
(die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit 
diesen Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass:] 
 
 (a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
 (b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten hat und 
berechtigt ist, an den Fiscal Agent die zur Erfüllung der Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der festgelegten Währung 
zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, 
erhobene Steuern oder andere Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
 
 (c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher 
Steuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger 
bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
 [(d) 
sichergestellt ist, dass sich die Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus der Garantie 
und der Negativverpflichtung des Debt Issuance Programms der Emittentin (auf 
die die unten in § 11 aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
sinngemäß 
Anwendung 
finden) 
auch 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Nachfolgeschuldnerin erstrecken; und]

--- Page 129 ---
129
anwendbar 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(d) 
sichergestellt ist, dass sich die Verpflichtungen der Garantin aus der Garantie 
und der Negativverpflichtung des Debt Issuance Programms der Emittentin auch 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen der Nachfolgeschuldnerin erstrecken; und] 
 
 (e) dem 
Fiscal 
Agent 
jeweils 
eine 
Bestätigung 
bezüglich 
der 
betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass die 
Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt 
wurden. 
 
 Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet "verbundenes Unternehmen" ein verbundenes 
Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
 
 (2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 13 bekannt zu machen. 
 
 (3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in 
dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung Folgendes: 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
von BASF begeben 
werden, 
 [(a)in § 7 und § 5 Absatz (2) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe 
des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 (b) in § 9 Absatz (1)(c) bis (g) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in 
ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin).] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [In § 7 und § 5 Absatz (2) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Niederlande als 
aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden 
Satzes auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat).]
 
 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER[, 
ÄNDERUNG DER GARANTIE] 
 
 (1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Gläubiger können entsprechend den 
Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, in 
der geänderten Fassung (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen 
Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG 
zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung der Anleihebedingungen mit der Emittentin 
vereinbaren. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger 
gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluß der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche 
Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die 
benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
 (2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und 
die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, 
bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
 
 (3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der 
Emittentin im Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach § 18 und §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG oder einer Gläubigerversammlung nach §§ 5 ff. SchVG gefasst.

--- Page 130 ---
130
 
 (4) Leitung der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von 
der Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur 
Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, von dem gemeinsamen Vertreter der Gläubiger geleitet.
 
 (5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach 
Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 (6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
Falls kein 
gemeinsamer 
Vertreter in den 
Bedingungen 
bestellt wird, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluß zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte 
einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle Gläubiger bestellen.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
Bestellung des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters in den 
Bedingungen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
ist 
[Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter]. 
Die 
Haftung 
des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe 
Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluß eingeräumt wurden. Er hat 
die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluß sieht 
dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
 
 (7) 
Verfahrensrechtliche 
Bestimmungen 
über 
Gläubigerbeschlüsse 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung. 
(a) Frist, Anmeldung, Nachweis. 
(i) Die Gläubigerversammlung ist mindestens 14 Tage vor dem Tag der 
Versammlung einzuberufen. 
(ii) Sieht die Einberufung vor, dass die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung oder 
die Ausübung der Stimmrechte davon abhängig ist, dass sich die Gläubiger vor der 
Versammlung anmelden, so tritt für die Berechnung der Einberufungsfrist an die Stelle 
des Tages der Versammlung der Tag, bis zu dessen Ablauf sich die Gläubiger vor der 
Versammlung anmelden müssen. Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor 
der Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
(iii) Die Einberufung kann vorsehen, wie die Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung nachzuweisen ist. Sofern die Einberufung nichts anderes 
bestimmt, berechtigt ein von einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden Beauftragten 
ausgestellter Stimmzettel seinen Inhaber zur Teilnahme an und zur Stimmabgabe in 
der Gläubigerversammlung. Der Stimmzettel kann vom Gläubiger bezogen werden, 
indem er mindestens sechs Tage vor der für die Gläubigerversammlung bestimmten 
Zeit (a) seine Schuldverschreibungen bei einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden 
Beauftragten oder gemäß einer Weisung dieses Beauftragten hinterlegt hat oder (b) 
seine Schuldverschreibungen bei einer Depotbank in Übereinstimmung mit deren 
Verfahrensregeln gesperrt sowie einen Nachweis über die Inhaberschaft und 
Sperrung der Schuldverschreibungen an den Beauftragten der Emittentin geliefert hat. 
Die Einberufung kann auch die Erbringung eines Identitätsnachweises der ein 
Stimmrecht ausübenden Person vorsehen. 
(b) Inhalt der Einberufung, Bekanntmachung. 
(i) In der Einberufung (die "Einberufung") müssen die Firma, der Sitz der Emittentin, 
die Zeit und der Ort der Gläubigerversammlung sowie die Bedingungen angegeben 
werden, von denen die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung

--- Page 131 ---
131
des Stimmrechts abhängen, einschließlich der in Absatz (a)(ii) und (iii) genannten 
Voraussetzungen. 
(ii) Die Einberufung ist unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger sowie zusätzlich gemäß § 13 
öffentlich bekannt zu machen. Die Kosten der Bekanntmachung hat die Emittentin zu 
tragen. 
(iii) Von dem Tag an, an dem die Gläubigerversammlung einberufen wurde, bis zum 
Tag der Gläubigerversammlung wird die Emittentin auf ihrer Internetseite den 
Gläubigern die Einberufung und die exakten Bedingungen für die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung von Stimmrechten zur Verfügung stellen. 
(c) Auskunftspflicht, Abstimmung. 
(i) Die Emittentin hat jedem Gläubiger auf Verlangen in der Gläubigerversammlung 
Auskunft zu erteilen, soweit sie zur sachgemäßen Beurteilung eines Gegenstands der 
Tagesordnung oder eines Vorschlags zur Beschlussfassung erforderlich ist. 
(ii) Auf die Abgabe und die Auszählung der Stimmen sind die Vorschriften des 
Aktiengesetzes über die Abstimmung der Aktionäre in der Hauptversammlung 
entsprechend anzuwenden, soweit nicht in der Einberufung etwas anderes 
vorgesehen ist. 
(d) Bekanntmachung von Beschlüssen. 
(i) Die Emittentin hat die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger auf ihre Kosten in geeigneter 
Form öffentlich bekannt zu machen. Hat die Emittentin ihren Sitz in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland, so sind die Beschlüsse unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger 
sowie zusätzlich gemäß § 13 zu veröffentlichen; die nach § 50 Absatz 1 des 
Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes vorgeschriebene Veröffentlichung ist jedoch ausreichend. 
(ii) Außerdem hat die Emittentin die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger sowie, wenn ein 
Gläubigerbeschluss die Anleihebedingungen ändert, den Wortlaut der ursprünglichen 
Anleihebedingungen vom Tag nach der Gläubigerversammlung an für die Dauer von 
mindestens einem Monat im Internet unter ihrer Adresse der Öffentlichkeit zugänglich 
zu machen. 
(e) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
In der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe ist der Zeitraum anzugeben, innerhalb dessen 
die Stimmen abgegeben werden können. Er beträgt mindestens 72 Stunden. 
Während des Abstimmungszeitraums können die Gläubiger ihre Stimme gegenüber 
dem Abstimmungsleiter in Textform abgeben. In der Aufforderung können auch 
andere Formen der Stimmabgabe vorgesehen werden. In der Aufforderung muss im 
Einzelnen angegeben werden, welche Voraussetzungen erfüllt sein müssen, damit die 
Stimmen gezählt werden. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(8) Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen finden sinngemäß auf die Bestimmungen der Garantie 
der BASF Anwendung.] 
 
 
§ 12 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG  
 
 (1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
 (2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt 
oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr 
gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung eingereicht 
werden. Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses

--- Page 132 ---
132
Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
 (3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ 13 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die in der 
offiziellen Liste der 
Luxemburger 
Börse notiert 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) 
Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.bourse.lu). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt. 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Solange Schuldverschreibungen an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, findet Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit die Regeln der 
Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach 
Absatz (1) durch eine Mitteilung an das Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die 
Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nicht 
an einer Börse 
notiert sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
 
[(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit 
dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § 14 Absatz [4] an den Fiscal Agent 
geschickt werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing System in der von 
dem Fiscal Agent und dem Clearing System dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen. 
 
 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG  
 
 (1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
 (2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
von BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(3) Bestellung von Zustellungsbevollmächtigten. Für etwaige Rechtsstreitigkeiten vor 
deutschen Gerichten bestellt die Emittentin die BASF SE, Carl-Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 
Ludwigshafen 
am 
Rhein, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, 
zu 
ihrer 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.] 
 
 [(4)] Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in 
dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu schützen 
oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der 
er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die

--- Page 133 ---
133
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben 
hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) 
er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren 
erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede 
Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing 
Systems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, 
die im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
Falls die Anleihe-
bedingungen in 
deutscher Sprache 
mit einer 
Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
 
 
Falls die Anleihe-
bedingungen in 
englischer Sprache 
mit einer 
Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
 
 
Falls die Anleihe-
bedingungen 
ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 134 ---
134
 
 
 OPTION II – Anleihebedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung 
 
 
ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN DER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN 
DEUTSCHSPRACHIGE FASSUNG 
 
§ 1 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, BESTIMMTE DEFINITIONEN  
 
 (1) 
Währung; 
Stückelung. 
Diese 
Serie 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(die 
"Schuldverschreibungen") 
der 
[BASF 
SE] 
[BASF 
Finance 
Europe 
N.V.] 
(["BASF"]["BASF Finance"] oder die "Emittentin") wird in [festgelegte Währung] 
(die "festgelegte Währung") im Gesamtnennbetrag [Falls die Globalurkunde eine 
NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1 Absatz (4))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer 
Stückelung von [festgelegte Stückelung] (die "festgelegte Stückelung") begeben. 
 
 (2) Form. Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den Inhaber. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
durch eine 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde verbrieft 
sind, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar  
 [(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch eine Dauerglobal-
urkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Dauerglobal-
urkunde trägt die Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß bevollmächtigter Vertreter der 
Emittentin und ist von dem Fiscal Agent oder in dessen Namen mit einer 
Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
anfänglich durch 
eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar  
 [(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde 
(die "vorläufige Globalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde wird gegen Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Stückelung, 
die durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die "Dauerglobalurkunde") ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft 
sind, 
ausgetauscht. 
Die 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
und 
die 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
tragen 
jeweils 
die 
Unterschriften 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und sind jeweils von dem Fiscal Agent 
oder in dessen Namen mit einer Kontrollunterschrift versehen. Einzelurkunden und 
Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgegeben. 
 
 (b) Die vorläufige Globalurkunde wird frühestens an einem Tag gegen die 
Dauerglobalurkunde austauschbar, der 40 Tage nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen liegt. Ein 
solcher Austausch darf nur nach Vorlage von Bescheinigungen gemäß U.S. 
Steuerrecht erfolgen, wonach der oder die wirtschaftlichen Eigentümer der durch 
die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte 
Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über solche Finanzinstitute halten). 
Zinszahlungen 
auf 
durch 
eine 
vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbriefte 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen erst nach Vorlage solcher Bescheinigungen. Eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede solche Zinszahlung erforderlich. Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem Tag der Ausgabe der 
durch die vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt werden, diese vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß 
diesem Absatz (b) dieses § 1 Absatz (3) auszutauschen. Wertpapiere, die im 
Austausch für die vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, dürfen nur außerhalb 
der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 6 Absatz (2) definiert) geliefert werden.] 
 
 (4) Clearing System. Die Globalurkunde, die die Schuldverschreibung verbrieft, wird 
von einem oder für ein Clearing Systems verwahrt. "Clearing System" bedeutet [Bei 
mehr als einem Clearing System ist Folgendes anwendbar: jeweils] Folgendes: 
[Clearstream Banking AG, Neue Börsenstr. 1, 60487 Frankfurt am Main, 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland, ("CBF")] [Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, 1855 Luxemburg, Großherzogtum Luxemburg, ("CBL") und Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV, Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgien, ("Euroclear") (CBL und

--- Page 135 ---
135
Euroclear jeweils ein "ICSD" und 
zusammen die "ICSDs")] sowie jeder 
Funktionsnachfolger. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im  
 [Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer New Global Note ("NGN") 
ausgegeben und von einem common safekeeper im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 Der 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen entspricht dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs (unter denen die Register zu 
verstehen sind, die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag ihres Anteils an den 
Schuldverschreibungen führt) sind maßgeblicher Nachweis des Gesamtnennbetrages 
der durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen, und eine für zu 
diesem Zweck von einem ICSD jeweils ausgestellte Bescheinigung mit dem Betrag 
der so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist maßgebliche Bescheinigung des Inhalts 
des Registers des betreffenden ICSD zu dem fraglichen Zeitpunkt. 
Bei jeder Tilgung oder einer Zinszahlung auf die durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. beim Kauf und der Entwertung der durch die 
Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die Emittentin sicher, dass die 
Einzelheiten der Rückzahlung, Zahlung oder des Kaufs und der Entwertung bezüglich 
der Globalurkunde entsprechend in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen werden, 
und dass nach dieser Eintragung vom Gesamtnennbetrag der in die Register der 
ICSDs 
aufgenommenen 
und 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen der Gesamtnennbetrag der zurückgekauften bzw. gekauften 
und entwerteten Schuldverschreibungen abgezogen wird.
 
 [Falls die vorläufige Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist Folgendes anwendbar: Bei 
Austausch nur eines Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs entsprechend in die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen werden.]] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs 
verwahrt werden, 
und die 
Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Die Schuldverschreibungen werden in Form einer Classical Global Note ("CGN") 
ausgegeben und von einer gemeinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
 
 (5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. "Gläubiger" bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
 
  
 
 
§ 2 
STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG[, GARANTIE UND 
NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG DER GARANTIN] 
 
 (1) Status. Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht besicherte und nicht 
nachrangige Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die untereinander und mit allen anderen 
nicht besicherten und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichrangig 
sind, 
soweit 
diesen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nicht 
durch 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
 
 (2) Negativverpflichtung. 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle 
Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt worden sind, 
keine gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten und keine 
Garantien 
oder 
andere 
Gewährleistungen 
dafür 
durch 
Grund- 
oder 
Mobiliarpfandrechte an ihrem Vermögen zu besichern, ohne jeweils die Gläubiger zur 
gleichen Zeit und im gleichen Rang an solchen Sicherheiten oder an solchen anderen 
Sicherheiten, 
die 
von 
einem 
internationalen 
angesehenen 
unabhängigen 
Wirtschaftsprüfer als gleichwertige Sicherheit anerkannt werden, teilnehmen zu 
lassen.

--- Page 136 ---
136
"Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" bezeichnet jede Verbindlichkeit hinsichtlich der 
Rückzahlung aufgenommener Geldbeträge, die durch Schuldverschreibungen oder 
sonstige Wertpapiere mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr, die 
an einer Börse oder an einem anderen anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder 
gehandelt werden oder werden können, verbrieft oder verkörpert ist. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
von BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(3) Garantie und Negativverpflichtung der Garantin. BASF (die "Garantin") hat die 
unbedingte und unwiderrufliche Garantie (die "Garantie") für die ordnungsgemäße 
und 
pünktliche 
Zahlung 
von 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen 
und 
sonstiger 
auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbarer Beträge übernommen. Die Garantin hat sich 
außerdem in einer Negativverpflichtung (die "Negativverpflichtung") verpflichtet, 
solange Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal Agent zur Verfügung gestellt worden 
sind, keine gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten (wie 
vorstehend definiert) und keine Garantien oder andere Gewährleistungen dafür durch 
Grund- oder Mobiliarpfandrechte an ihrem Vermögen zu besichern oder eine solche 
Besicherung zu diesem Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger an 
derselben Sicherheit oder an solchen anderen Sicherheiten, die von einem 
internationalen angesehenen unabhängigen Wirtschaftsprüfer als gleichwertige 
Sicherheit anerkannt werden, im gleichen Rang und gleichem Verhältnis teilnehmen 
zu lassen. Die Garantie und die Negativverpflichtung stellen einen Vertrag zugunsten 
jedes Gläubigers als begünstigtem Dritten gemäß § 328 BGB dar, welcher das Recht 
jedes Gläubigers begründet, Erfüllung aus der Garantie und der Negativverpflichtung 
unmittelbar 
von 
der 
Garantin 
zu 
verlangen 
und 
die 
Garantie 
und 
die 
Negativverpflichtung unmittelbar gegen die Garantin durchzusetzen.] 
 
 
§ 3 
ZINSEN  
 
 (1) Zinszahlungstage.  
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf ihren Gesamtnennbetrag ab dem 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] (der "Verzinsungsbeginn") (einschließlich) bis zum ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und danach von jedem Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sind an jedem Zinszahlungstag zahlbar. 
 
 
(b) "Zinszahlungstag" bedeutet  
Im Fall von 
festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstagen 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
 
[jeder [festgelegte Zinszahlungstage].] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
festgelegten 
Zinsperioden ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
  
[(soweit diese Anleihebedingungen keine abweichenden Bestimmungen vorsehen) 
jeweils der Tag, der [Zahl] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem vorhergehenden 
Zinszahlungstag, oder im Fall des ersten Zinszahlungstages, nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn liegt.] 
 
 (c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) ist, so wird der Zinszahlungstag
Im Fall der 
modifizierten 
folgender 
Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall der FRN-
Konvention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nächstfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener würde 
dadurch in den nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall (i) wird der 
Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen 
und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende Zinszahlungstag der jeweils letzte Geschäftstag des 
Monats, 
der 
[Zahl] 
Monate 
nach 
dem 
vorhergehenden 
anwendbaren 
Zinszahlungstag liegt.]

--- Page 137 ---
137
 
 
 
Im Fall der 
folgender 
Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[auf den nachfolgenden Geschäftstag verschoben.] 
 
 (d) "Geschäftstag" bezeichnet 
Falls die 
festgelegte 
Währung nicht 
EUR ist, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken 
allgemein für Geschäfte in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] geöffnet sind und 
Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in [relevantes Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln und an 
dem das Clearing System geöffnet ist, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln.] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
festgelegte 
Währung EUR ist, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag) an dem das Clearing System 
sowie alle betroffenen Bereiche des Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 2 ("TARGET") geöffnet sind, um Zahlungen 
abzuwickeln.]  
 
 
 
Falls der 
Angebotssatz für 
Einlagen in der 
festgelegten 
Währung EURIBOR 
ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) wird, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, durch die 
Berechnungsstelle bestimmt und ist der Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) 
[[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)]. Der anwendbare 
Referenzsatz ist der auf der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) angezeigte Satz. 
 
 "Referenzsatz" bezeichnet den Angebotssatz, (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum) für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die jeweilige Zinsperiode 
(EURIBOR). 
 
 "Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
 "Zinsfestlegungstag" bezeichnet den zweiten TARGET Geschäftstag vor Beginn der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode. "TARGET-Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag, an dem alle 
betroffenen Bereiche von TARGET (Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer System 2) offen sind, um Zahlungen abzuwickeln.
 
 [Die "Marge" beträgt [ ] % per annum.] 
 
 "Bildschirmseite" bedeutet Reuters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 oder die jeweilige 
Nachfolgeseite, die vom selben System angezeigt wird oder aber von einem anderen 
System, das zum Vertreiber von Informationen zum Zwecke der Anzeigen von Sätzen 
oder Preisen ernannt wurde, die dem betreffenden Angebotssatz vergleichbar sind. 
 
 Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der 
genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz für den Referenzsatz angezeigt und vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
kein 
Ersatzrate-Ereignis 
gemäß 
§ 
3[(8)] 
eingetreten 
ist, 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle von den Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) deren 
jeweilige Angebotssätze (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) für Einlagen 
in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode und über einen 
repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden Banken im Interbanken-Markt in der 
Euro-Zone um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) am Zinsfestlegungstag anfordern. 
Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebotssätze 
nennen, ist der Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel (falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein Tausendstel Prozent, wobei 
0,0005 aufgerundet wird) dieser Angebotssätze [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge], 
wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 Falls an einem Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine oder keine der Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Angebotssätze 
nennt, ist der Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den die 
Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet

--- Page 138 ---
138
auf das nächste ein Tausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,0005 aufgerundet wird) der 
Angebotssätze ermittelt, die von der Berechnungsstelle in angemessener Sorgfalt 
ausgewählte 
Großbanken 
im 
Interbanken-Markt 
in 
der 
Euro-Zone 
der 
Berechnungsstelle auf ihre Anfrage als den jeweiligen Satz nennen, zu dem sie um ca. 
11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) am betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag Darlehen in der 
festgelegten Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode und über einen repräsentativen 
Betrag gegenüber führenden Europäischen Banken anbieten [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] 
der Marge]. 
 
 "Euro-Zone" bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen 
Union, die gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der Europäischen Gemeinschaft 
(unterzeichnet in Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den Vertrag über die 
Europäische Union (unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 1992), den 
Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 2. Oktober 1997 und den Vertrag von Lissabon vom 13. 
Dezember 2007, in seiner jeweiligen Fassung, eine einheitliche Währung eingeführt 
haben oder jeweils eingeführt haben werden. 
 
 "repräsentativer Betrag" bedeutet ein Betrag, der zu der jeweiligen Zeit in dem 
jeweiligen Markt für eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
 
 "Referenzbanken" bezeichnet vier Großbanken im Interbanken-Markt in der Euro-
Zone. 
 
 Falls der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes (2) 
ermittelt werden kann, ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode der Angebotssatz auf der 
Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde [[zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] der Marge (wie vorstehend definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.] 
 
 
 
Falls der 
Angebotssatz für 
Einlagen in der 
festgelegten 
Währung LIBOR 
ist, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(2) Zinssatz. Der Zinssatz (der "Zinssatz") für jede Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend 
definiert) wird, sofern nachstehend nichts Abweichendes bestimmt wird, durch die 
Berechnungsstelle bestimmt und ist der Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend definiert) 
[[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)]. Der anwendbare 
Referenzsatz ist der auf der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachstehend 
definiert) gegen 11.00 Uhr (Londoner Ortszeit)angezeigte Satz. 
 
 "Referenzsatz" bezeichnet den Angebotssatz, (ausgedrückt als Prozentsatz per 
annum) für Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die jeweilige Zinsperiode 
(LIBOR). 
 
 "Zinsperiode" 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) bis zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von jedem 
Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis zum jeweils darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
 
 "Zinsfestlegungstag" 
bezeichnet 
den 
[ersten] 
[zweiten] 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Geschäftstag 
[vor 
Beginn] 
der 
jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode. 
"[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] Geschäftstag" bezeichnet einen Tag (außer 
einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem Geschäftsbanken in [relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] für Geschäfte (einschließlich Devisen- und Sortengeschäfte) 
geöffnet sind.  
 
 [Die "Marge" beträgt [ ] % per annum.] 
 
 "Bildschirmseite" bedeutet Reuters Bildschirmseite [LIBOR01] [LIBOR02] oder die 
jeweilige Nachfolgeseite, die vom selben System angezeigt wird oder aber von einem 
anderen System, das zum Vertreiber von Informationen zum Zwecke der Anzeigen 
von Sätzen oder Preisen ernannt wurde, die dem betreffenden Angebotssatz 
vergleichbar sind. 
 
 Sollte die maßgebliche Bildschirmseite nicht zur Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der 
genannten Zeit kein Angebotssatz für den Referenzsatz angezeigt und vorausgesetzt, 
dass 
kein 
Ersatzrate-Ereignis 
gemäß 
§ 
3[(8)] 
eingetreten 
ist, 
wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle von den Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend definiert) deren 
jeweilige Angebotssätze (jeweils als Prozentsatz per annum ausgedrückt) für Einlagen 
in der festgelegten Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode und über einen 
repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber führenden Banken im Londoner Interbanken-Markt

--- Page 139 ---
139
um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Londoner Ortszeit) am Zinsfestlegungstag anfordern. Falls zwei 
oder mehr Referenzbanken der Berechnungsstelle solche Angebotssätze nennen, ist 
der Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, 
auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 
0,000005 aufgerundet wird) dieser Angebotssätze [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge], 
wobei alle Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
 
 Falls an einem Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine oder keine der Referenzbanken der 
Berechnungsstelle solche im vorstehenden Absatz beschriebenen Angebotssätze 
nennt, ist der Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode der Satz per annum, den die 
Berechnungsstelle als das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet 
auf das nächste ein Hunderttausendstel Prozent, wobei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird) 
der Angebotssätze ermittelt, die von der Berechnungsstelle in angemessener Sorgfalt 
ausgewählte Großbanken im Londoner Interbanken-Markt der Berechnungsstelle auf 
ihre Anfrage als den jeweiligen Satz nennen, zu dem sie um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Londoner 
Ortszeit) am betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag Darlehen in der festgelegten Währung 
für die betreffende Zinsperiode und über einen repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber 
führenden Europäischen Banken anbieten [[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge]. 
 
 "repräsentativer Betrag" bedeutet ein Betrag, der zu der jeweiligen Zeit in dem 
jeweiligen Markt für eine einzelne Transaktion repräsentativ ist. 
 
 "Referenzbanken" bezeichnet vier Großbanken im Londoner Interbanken-Markt.  
 
 Falls der Zinssatz nicht gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen dieses Absatzes (2) 
ermittelt werden kann, ist der Zinssatz für diese Zinsperiode der Angebotssatz auf der 
Bildschirmseite, wie vorstehend beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem dieser Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde [[zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] der Marge (wie vorstehend definiert)], wobei alle Festlegungen durch die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen.] 
 
 (3) Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder baldmöglichst nach jedem 
Zeitpunkt, an dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in Bezug auf die festgelegte Stückelung (der "Zinsbetrag") für 
die entsprechende Zinsperiode berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der 
Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie nachstehend definiert) auf die festgelegte 
Stückelung angewendet werden, wobei der resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste 
Einheit der festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 0,5 solcher 
Einheiten aufgerundet werden. 
 
 (4) Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, 
dass der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode und der betreffende Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin [Im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die von BASF Finance begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: und der Garantin] sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § 13 baldmöglichst, aber 
keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die Berechnung jeweils folgenden [TARGET] 
[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] Geschäftstag (wie in § 3 Absatz (2) definiert) sowie 
jeder Börse, an der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst 
nach der Bestimmung, aber keinesfalls später als am ersten Tag der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung oder Verkürzung der 
Zinsperiode 
können 
der 
mitgeteilte 
Zinsbetrag 
und 
Zinszahlungstag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich 
geändert 
(oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungsregelungen getroffen) werden. Jede solche Änderung wird umgehend 
allen Börsen, an denen die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt notiert sind 
und deren Regeln eine Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, sowie den Gläubigern 
gemäß § 13 mitgeteilt. 
 
 (5) Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und Entscheidungen, die von der 
Berechnungsstelle für die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, getroffen oder 
eingeholt werden, sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die 
Emittentin, den Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstellen und die Gläubiger bindend. 
 
 (6) Auflaufende Zinsen. Sollte die Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen bei Fälligkeit 
nicht einlösen, endet die Verzinsung der Schuldverschreibungen nicht am 
Fälligkeitstag, 
sondern 
erst 
mit 
der 
tatsächlichen 
Rückzahlung 
der

--- Page 140 ---
140
Schuldverschreibungen. Der jeweils geltende Zinssatz ist der gesetzlich festgelegte 
Satz für Verzugszinsen.(1)
 
 (7) Zinstagequotient. "Zinstagequotient" bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die Berechnung 
eines Zinsbetrages auf eine Schuldverschreibung für einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der 
"Zinsberechnungszeitraum"): 
Im Fall von 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Actual/360 ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
 
 [(8)] (a) Ersatzrate. Stellt die Emittenin (in Abstimmung mit der Berechnungstelle) fest, 
dass vor oder an einem Zinsfestlegungstag ein Ersatzrate-Ereignis eingetreten ist, 
wird 
die 
Jeweilige 
Festlegende 
Stelle 
(i) 
die 
Ersatzrate, 
(ii) die 
etwaige 
Anpassungsspanne und (iii) die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen (wie jeweils in § 3[(8)](b)(aa) 
bis (cc) und (hh) definiert) zur Bestimmung des Zinssatzes für die auf den 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezogene Zinsperiode und jede nachfolgende Zinsperiode 
(vorbehaltlich des nachfolgenden Eintretens etwaiger weiterer Ersatzrate-Ereignisse) 
festlegen und rechtzeitig die Emittentin, sofern relevant, und die Berechnungsstelle 
darüber informieren. Die Anleihebedingungen gelten mit Wirkung ab dem relevanten 
Zinsfestlegungstag (einschließlich) als durch die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen geändert 
(einschließlich einer etwaigen Änderung dieses Zinsfestlegungstags, falls die 
Ersatzrate-Anpassungen dies so bestimmen). Der Zinssatz ist dann die Ersatzrate 
(wie nachfolgend definiert) angepasst durch die etwaige Anpassungsspanne 
[[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie vorstehend definiert)]. 
 
 Die Emittentin wird den Gläubigern die Ersatzrate, die etwaige Anpassungsspanne 
und die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen unverzüglich nach einer solchen Festlegung gemäß 
§ 13 mitteilen. Darüber hinaus wird die Emittentin [das Clearing System] [die 
gemeinsame 
Verwahrstelle 
im 
Namen 
beider 
ICSDs] 
auffordern, 
die 
Anleihebedingungen zu ergänzen, um die Ersatzrate-Anpassungen wiederzugeben, 
indem sie der Globalurkunde die durch sie vorgelegten Dokumente in geeigneter 
Weise beifügt. 
 
 (b) Definitionen. 
 
 
(aa) "Ersatzrate-Ereignis" bezeichnet in Bezug auf den Referenzsatz eines der 
nachfolgenden Ereignisse:
 
 
(i) 
der 
Referenzsatz 
wurde 
an 
zehn 
(10) 
aufeinanderfolgenden 
Geschäftstagen unmittelbar vor dem relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag nicht 
veröffentlicht; oder 
 
 
(ii)  der Eintritt des durch die für den Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen Behörde öffentlich bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf 
Grundlage der öffentlichen Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, an 
dem der Referenzsatz den zugrundeliegenden Markt oder die zugrunde 
liegende wirtschaftliche Realität nicht mehr abbildet und von der für den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen 
Behörde 
keine 
Maßnahmen zur Behebung dieser Situation ergriffen wurden bzw. solche 
nicht erwartet werden; oder 
(iii)  der Eintritt des durch den Administrator des Referenzsatzes öffentlich 
bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf Grundlage der öffentlichen 
Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, an dem der Administrator (x) 
damit beginnen wird, den Referenzsatz in geordneter Weise abzuwickeln 
oder (y) die Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit beendet (wenn kein Nachfolgeadministrator ernannt 
worden ist, der die Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes fortsetzen wird); 
                                                 
(1) Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit 
zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 141 ---
141
oder 
 
 
(iv) der Eintritt des durch die für den Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen Behörde, die Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung, 
einen Insolvenzbeauftragten mit Zuständigkeit über den Administrator 
des Referenzsatzes, die Abwicklungsbehörde mit Zuständigkeit über den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes, 
ein 
Gericht 
(rechtskräftige 
Entscheidung) oder eine Organisation mit ähnlicher insolvenz- oder 
abwicklungsrechtlicher 
Hoheit 
über 
den 
Administrator 
des 
Referenzsatzes (x) damit beginnen wird, den Referenzsatz in geordneter 
Weise abzuwickeln oder (y) öffentlich bekannt gegebenen Tages, an 
dem der Administrator des Referenzsatzes die Bereitstellung des 
Referenzsatzes dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit beendet hat oder 
beenden wird (wenn kein Nachfolgeadministrator ernannt worden ist, der 
die Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes fortsetzen wird); oder 
 
 
(v) der Eintritt des durch die für den Administrator des Referenzsatzes 
zuständigen Behörde öffentlich bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf 
Grundlage der öffentlichen Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, von 
dem an die Nutzung des Referenzsatzes allgemein verboten ist; oder 
 
 
(vi) der Eintritt des durch den Administrator des Referenzsatzes öffentlich 
bekannt gegebenen Tages bzw. des auf Grundlage der öffentlichen 
Bekanntmachung bestimmbaren Tages, einer materiellen Änderung der 
Methode mittels derer der Referenzsatz festgelegt wird; oder 
 
 
(vii) die Veröffentlichung einer Mitteilung durch die Emittentin gemäß § 13(1), 
dass die Verwendung des Referenzsatzes zur Berechnung des 
Zinssatzes für die Emittentin, die Berechnungsstelle oder eine Zahlstelle 
rechtswidrig geworden ist; oder 
 
 
(viii) die Europäische Kommission oder die zuständige nationale Behörde 
eines Mitgliedstaats haben einen oder mehrere Ersatz-Referenzwerte für 
einen Referenzsatz gemäß Art. 23b (2) und Art. 23c(1) der Verordnung 
(EU) 
2016/1011 
vom 
8. Juni 
2016 
über 
Indizes, 
die 
bei 
Finanzinstrumenten und Finanzkontrakten als Referenzwert oder zur 
Messung der Wertentwicklung eines Investmentfonds verwendet werden, 
bestimmt. 
 
 
(bb) "Ersatzrate" bezeichnet eine öffentlich verfügbare Austausch-, Nachfolge-, 
Alternativ- oder andere Rate, welche entwickelt wurde, um durch 
Finanzinstrumente 
oder 
–kontrakte, 
einschließlich 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, in Bezug genommen zu werden, um einen unter 
solchen 
Finanzinstrumenten 
oder 
–kontrakten 
zahlbaren 
Betrag 
zu 
bestimmen, einschließlich aber nicht ausschließlich eines Zinsbetrages. Bei 
der Festlegung der Ersatzrate sind die Relevanten Leitlinien (wie nachstehend 
definiert) zu berücksichtigen.
 
 
(cc) "Anpassungsspanne" bezeichnet die Differenz (positiv oder negativ) oder 
eine Formel oder Methode zur Bestimmung einer solchen Differenz, welche 
nach Festlegung der Jeweiligen Festlegenden Stelle auf die Ersatzrate 
anzuwenden ist, um eine Verlagerung des wirtschaftlichen Wertes zwischen 
der Emittentin und den Gläubigern, die ohne diese Anpassung infolge der 
Ersetzung des Referenzsatzes durch die Ersatzrate entstehen würde 
(einschließlich aber nicht ausschließlich infolgedessen, dass die Ersatzrate 
eine risikofreie Rate ist), soweit sinnvollerweise möglich, zu reduzieren oder 
auszuschließen. Bei der Festlegung der Anpassungsspanne sind die 
Relevanten Leitlinien (wie nachstehend definiert) zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 
(dd) "Jeweilige Festlegende Stelle" bezeichnet 
 
 
(i) 
die Emittentin, wenn die Ersatzrate ihrer Meinung nach offensichtlich ist 
und als solches ohne vernünftigen Zweifel durch einen Investor, der 
hinsichtlich 
der 
jeweiligen 
Art 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
wie 
beispielsweise 
diese 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
sachkundig 
ist, 
bestimmbar ist; oder 
 
 
(ii) 
andernfalls ein Unabhängiger Berater (wie nachfolgend definiert), der

--- Page 142 ---
142
von der Emittentin zu wirtschaftlich angemessenen Bedingungen unter 
zumutbaren Bemühungen als ihr Beauftragter für die Vornahme dieser 
Festlegungen ernannt wird. 
 
 
(ee) "Unabhängiger 
Berater" 
bezeichnet 
ein 
unabhängiges, 
international 
angesehenes Finanzinstitut oder einen anderen unabhängigen Finanzberater 
mit entsprechender Erfahrung im internationalen Kapitalmarkt. 
 
 
(ff) "Relevante Leitlinien" bezeichnet (i) jede auf die Emittentin oder die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbare gesetzliche oder aufsichtsrechtliche 
Anforderung, oder, wenn es keine gibt, (ii) jede anwendbare Anforderung, 
Empfehlung oder Leitlinie der Relevanten Nominierungsstelle oder, wenn es 
keine 
gibt, 
(iii) 
jede 
relevante 
Empfehlung 
oder 
Leitlinie 
von 
Branchenvereinigungen (einschließlich ISDA), oder wenn es keine gibt, (iv) 
jede relevante Marktpraxis.
 
 
(gg) "Relevante Nominierungsstelle" bezeichnet 
 
 
(i) 
die Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung oder eine Zentralbank oder 
andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht über den Referenzsatz 
oder den Administrator des Referenzsatzes zuständig ist; oder 
 
 
(ii) 
die Europäische Kommission oder jede zuständige nationale Behörde 
eines Mitgliedstaates; oder 
(iii)  jede Arbeitsgruppe oder jeder Ausschuss, befürwortet, unterstützt oder 
einberufen durch oder unter dem Vorsitz von bzw. mitgeleitet durch (w) 
die Zentralbank für die festgelegte Währung, (x) eine Zentralbank oder 
andere Aufsichtsbehörde, die für die Aufsicht über den Referenzsatz 
oder den Administrator des Referenzsatzes zuständig ist, (y) einer 
Gruppe 
der 
zuvor 
genannten 
Zentralbanken 
oder 
anderen 
Aufsichtsbehörden oder (z) den Finanzstabilitätsrat (Financial Stability 
Board) oder einem Teil davon. 
 
 
(hh) "Ersatzrate-Anpassungen" 
bezeichnet 
solche 
Anpassungen 
der 
Anleihebedingungen, die als folgerichtig festgelegt werden, um die Funktion 
der Ersatzrate zu ermöglichen (wovon unter anderem Anpassungen an der 
anwendbaren Geschäftstagekonvention, der Definition von Geschäftstag, am 
Zinsfestlegungstag, am Zinstagequotient oder jeder Methode oder Definition, 
um die Ersatzrate zu erhalten oder zu berechnen, erfasst sein können). Bei 
der Festlegung der Ersatzrate-Anpassungen sind die Relevanten Leitlinien 
(wie vorstehend definiert) zu berücksichtigen. 
 
 (c) Kündigung. Können eine Ersatzrate, eine etwaige Anpassungsspanne oder die 
Ersatzrate-Anpassungen nicht gemäß § 3[(8)](a) und (b) bestimmt werden, ist der 
Referenzsatz in Bezug auf den relevanten Zinsfestlegungstag der für die zuletzt 
vorangehende Zinsperiode bestimmte Referenzsatz. Die Emittentin wird die 
Berechnungsstelle entsprechend informieren. Infolgedessen kann die Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
jedem 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
jeweiligen 
nachfolgenden Zinsfestlegungstag jederzeit insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, mit 
einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 15 Tagen gemäß § 13 gegenüber den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig kündigen und zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum 
für die Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzahlen.
 
 
§ 4 
ZAHLUNGEN 
 
 
(1) (a) Zahlungen auf Kapital. Zahlungen auf Kapital in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an 
das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
 
 
(b) Zahlung von Zinsen. Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das Clearing System oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearing Systems. 
Im Fall von 
Zinszahlungen auf 
eine vorläufige 
 
[Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die durch die vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe von Absatz (2) an das Clearing

--- Page 143 ---
143
Globalurkunde ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
System oder dessen Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber 
des Clearing Systems, und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung gemäß § 1 
Absatz (3)(b).] 
 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. Vorbehaltlich (i) geltender steuerlicher und sonstiger gesetzlicher 
Regelungen und Vorschriften und (ii) eines Einbehalts oder Abzugs aufgrund eines 
Vertrags wie in Section 1471(b) des U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 1986 (der 
"Code") beschrieben bzw. anderweit gemäß Section 1471 bis Section 1474 des Code 
auferlegt, etwaigen aufgrund dessen getroffener Regelungen oder geschlossener 
Abkommen, etwaiger offizieller Auslegungen davon, oder von Gesetzen zur 
Umsetzung einer Regierungszusammenarbeit dazu erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen in der festgelegten Währung. 
 
 
(3) Erfüllung. Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung an das Clearing System 
oder dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
 
 
(4) 
Zahltag. 
Fällt 
der 
Fälligkeitstag 
einer 
Zahlung 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger 
keinen Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. 
Der Gläubiger ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund 
dieser Verspätung zu verlangen. 
 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet "Zahltag" einen Tag, der ein Geschäftstag ist. 
 
 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
Kapital 
und 
Zinsen. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Kapital der Schuldverschreibungen schließen, soweit 
anwendbar, 
die 
folgenden 
Beträge 
ein: 
den 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen; sowie jeden Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sollen, soweit 
anwendbar, sämtliche gemäß § 7 zahlbaren zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim 
Amtsgericht 
Frankfurt 
am 
Main, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, 
Zins- 
oder 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von zwölf 
Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die Gläubiger 
sich nicht in Annahmeverzug befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung erfolgt, und 
auf das Recht der Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen die diesbezüglichen 
Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
 
 
§ 5 
RÜCKZAHLUNG 
 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
ihrem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
am 
in 
den 
[Rückzahlungsmonat] 
fallenden 
Zinszahlungstag (der "Fälligkeitstag") zurückgezahlt. Der "Rückzahlungsbetrag" in 
Bezug 
auf 
jede 
Schuldverschreibung 
entspricht 
dem 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibung. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent und gemäß § 13 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig 
gekündigt und zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und -
vorschriften 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland 
oder 
deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem 
Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von Schuldverschreibungen begeben 
wird, wirksam) am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz (1) definiert) 
zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) 
verpflichtet sein wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen vernünftiger, 
der Emittentin zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann.

--- Page 144 ---
144
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, in dem die 
Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen Beträgen 
nicht mehr wirksam ist. Der für die Rückzahlung festgelegte Termin muss ein 
Zinszahlungstag sein.] 
 
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[(2) Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aus steuerlichen Gründen. Die Schuldverschreibungen 
können insgesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist von nicht weniger als 30 Tagen und nicht mehr als 60 Tagen 
gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent und gemäß § 13 gegenüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig 
gekündigt und zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich bis zum für die Rückzahlung 
festgesetzten Tag aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls die Emittentin 
oder die Garantin als Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Steuer- oder 
Abgabengesetze und -vorschriften der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder der 
Niederlande oder deren politischen Untergliederungen oder Steuerbehörden oder als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der offiziellen Auslegung 
dieser Gesetze und Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Ergänzung 
wird am oder nach dem Tag, an dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben 
wird, 
wirksam) 
am 
nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (wie in § 3 Absatz (1) definiert) zur Zahlung von zusätzlichen 
Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese 
Verpflichtung nicht durch das Ergreifen vernünftiger, der Emittentin oder der Garantin 
zur Verfügung stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühest 
möglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin oder die Garantin verpflichtet wäre, 
solche 
zusätzlichen 
Beträge 
zu 
zahlen, 
falls 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem 
Zeitpunkt, in dem die Kündigungsmitteilung erfolgt, die Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von 
zusätzlichen Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. Der für die Rückzahlung festgelegte 
Termin muss ein Zinszahlungstag sein.] 
 
 
Eine solche Kündigung hat gemäß § 13 zu erfolgen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss den 
für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin nennen und eine zusammenfassende 
Erklärung enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der Emittentin begründenden 
Umständen darlegt. 
Falls die 
Gläubiger das 
Wahlrecht haben, 
die Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig aufgrund 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
zu kündigen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar  
 
[(3) Kontrollwechsel. Tritt ein Kontrollwechsel ein und kommt es innerhalb des 
Kontrollwechselzeitraums zu einer Absenkung des Ratings auf Grund des 
Kontrollwechsels (zusammen, ein "Rückzahlungsereignis"), hat jeder Gläubiger das 
Recht 
(sofern 
nicht 
die 
Emittentin, 
bevor 
die nachstehend 
beschriebene 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung gemacht wird, die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen 
nach § 5 Absatz (2) angezeigt hat), die Rückzahlung seiner Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Emittentin zum Nennbetrag, zuzüglich aufgelaufener Zinsen bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich), zu verlangen. 
Für Zwecke dieses Wahlrechts: 
Bedeutet "Ratingagentur" jede Ratingagentur von S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P") und Moody's Investors Services ("Moody's") oder eine ihrer 
jeweiligen Nachfolgegesellschaften oder jede andere von BASF von Zeit zu Zeit 
bestimmte Ratingagentur vergleichbaren internationalen Ansehens; 
Gilt eine "Absenkung des Ratings" in Bezug auf einen Kontrollwechsel als 
eingetreten, wenn innerhalb des Kontrollwechselzeitraums ein vorher für BASF oder 
die Schuldverschreibungen vergebenes Rating einer Ratingagentur (i) zurückgezogen 
oder (ii) von einem Investment Grade Rating (BBB- von S&P/Baa3 von Moody's oder 
jeweils gleichwertig, oder besser) in ein non-Investment Grade Rating (BB+ von 
S&P/Ba1 von Moody's oder jeweils gleichwertig, oder schlechter) geändert wird; 
Gilt ein "Kontrollwechsel" jedes Mal als eingetreten, wenn eine Person oder mehrere 
Personen (die "relevante(n) Person(en)"), die im Sinne von § 30 Absatz 2 des 
Wertpapiererwerbs- und Übernahmegesetzes (WpÜG) abgestimmt handeln, oder ein 
oder mehrere Dritte(r), die im Auftrag der relevanten Person(en) handeln, zu

--- Page 145 ---
145
irgendeiner Zeit mittelbar oder unmittelbar (unabhängig davon, ob der Vorstand oder 
der Aufsichtsrat der BASF seine Zustimmung erteilt hat) eine solche Anzahl von 
Aktien der BASF hält bzw. halten oder erworben hat bzw. haben, auf die mehr als 
50% der Stimmrechte entfallen; 
Ist der "Kontrollwechselzeitraum" der Zeitraum, der 120 Tage nach dem Eintritt 
eines Kontrollwechsels endet; und 
Ist der "Rückzahlungstag" der fünfzehnte Tag nach dem letzten Tag des 
Ausübungszeitraums. 
Sofort nachdem die Emittentin von einem Rückzahlungsereignis Kenntnis erlangt, 
wird sie den Gläubigern gemäß § 13 Mitteilung vom Rückzahlungsereignis machen 
(eine "Rückzahlungsmitteilung"), in der die Umstände des Rückzahlungsereignisses 
sowie das Verfahren für die Ausübung des in diesem § 5 Absatz (3) genannten 
Wahlrechts angegeben sind. 
Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der Gläubiger innerhalb eines Zeitraums von 45 
Tagen 
nachdem 
die 
Rückzahlungsmitteilung 
veröffentlicht 
ist 
(der 
"Ausübungszeitraum"), an die bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle des Fiscal Agent eine 
Mitteilung zur vorzeitigen Rückzahlung in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder in 
schriftlicher 
Form 
("Ausübungserklärung") 
zu 
schicken. 
Falls 
die 
Ausübungserklärung nach 17:00 Uhr Frankfurter Zeit am 45. Tag nach 
Veröffentlichung der Rückzahlungsmitteilung eingeht, ist das Wahlrecht nicht wirksam 
ausgeübt. Die Ausübungserklärung hat anzugeben: (i) den gesamten Nennbetrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für die das Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird und (ii) die 
Wertpapierkennnummern dieser Schuldverschreibungen (soweit vergeben). Für die 
Ausübungserklärung 
kann 
ein 
Formblatt, 
wie 
es 
bei 
den 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen des Fiscal Agent in deutscher und englischer Sprache erhältlich ist 
und das weitere Hinweise enthält, verwendet werden. Die Ausübung des Wahlrechts 
kann nicht widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der Schuldverschreibungen, für 
welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lieferung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
 
 
 
Falls die 
Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
vorzeitig zu 
festgelegten Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbeträ
gen (Call) 
zurückzuzahlen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
[[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin. 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise am [Zahl] Jahre nach dem 
Verzinsungsbeginn folgenden Zinszahlungstag [Für den Fall, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen auch zu jedem darauffolgenden Zinszahlungstag 
gekündigt werden können, ist folgendes anwendbar: und danach an jedem 
darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag] ([jeder ein] [der] "Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call)") zum/zu den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Call), wie nachstehend 
angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis zum jeweiligen Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungstag[e]] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs[betrag][beträge] 
 
[                                                 ] [                                                      ] 
[                                                 ] [                                                      ] 
 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der Schuldverschreibungen durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 13 bekannt zu geben. Sie beinhaltet die folgenden Angaben: 
 
 
 
(i) die zurückzuzahlende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen; 
 
 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen; und 
 
 
 
(iii) den Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call), der nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der Kündigung durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf.  
 
 
(c) Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln

--- Page 146 ---
146
des 
betreffenden 
Clearing 
Systems 
ausgewählt. 
[Falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben werden, ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Die teilweise Rückzahlung wird in den Registern von CBL und 
Euroclear nach deren Ermessen entweder als Pool-Faktor oder als Reduzierung 
des Gesamtnennbetrags wiedergegeben.]] 
 
 
§ 6 
DER FISCAL AGENT, DIE ZAHLSTELLE UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE  
 
 (1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. Der anfänglich bestellte Fiscal Agent, die 
anfänglich bestellte Zahlstelle und die anfänglich bestellte Berechnungsstelle und 
deren bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lauten wie folgt: 
 
 Fiscal Agent 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
 und Zahlstelle: 
Trust & Agency Services 
 
  
Taunusanlage 12 
 
  
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
 
  
Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
 
 Berechnungsstelle: 
[Namen und bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle] 
 
 Der Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle und die Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit ihre bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
 
 (2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung des Fiscal Agents oder einer Zahlstelle oder der 
Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu beenden und einen anderen Fiscal Agent oder 
zusätzliche oder andere Zahlstellen oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle zu bestellen. 
Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt [(i)] einen Fiscal Agent unterhalten [Im Fall 
von Zahlungen in U.S. Dollar ist Folgendes anwendbar:, (ii) falls Zahlungen bei 
den oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten (wie unten definiert) aufgrund der Einführung von Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung oder des 
Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge in U.S. Dollar widerrechtlich oder tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen werden, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in New York 
City unterhalten] [,] [und] [(iii)] eine Berechnungsstelle unterhalten. Eine Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel wird nur wirksam (außer im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger 
hierüber gemäß § 13 vorab unter Einhaltung einer Frist von mindestens 30 Tagen und 
nicht 
mehr 
als 
45 
Tagen 
informiert 
wurden. 
Für 
die 
Zwecke 
dieser 
Anleihebedingungen bezeichnet "Vereinigte Staaten" die Vereinigten Staaten von 
Amerika (einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) sowie 
deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto Ricos, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 
American Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
 (3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. Der Fiscal Agent, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der Emittentin und 
übernehmen keinerlei Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
 
 
§ 7 
STEUERN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt 
oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder 
sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen 
Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein solcher Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so wird 
die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, 
die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die

--- Page 147 ---
147
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im 
Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
 (a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
 (b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zu der Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und 
nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in 
der Bundesrepublik Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so 
behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
 (c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend 
die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung 
über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die 
Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese 
Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
 (d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später 
erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 wirksam wird. 
 
 Die seit dem 1. Januar 2009 in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland geltende 
Abgeltungssteuer und der darauf erhobene Solidaritätszuschlag sind keine Steuer 
oder sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge seitens 
der Emittentin zu zahlen wären.] 
 
  
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Sämtliche auf die Schuldverschreibungen oder unter der Garantie zu zahlenden 
Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu leisten, die von 
oder in den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren 
Rechnung oder von oder für Rechnung einer politischen Untergliederung oder 
Steuerbehörde der oder in den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. Ist ein solcher Einbehalt gesetzlich vorgeschrieben, so wird 
die Emittentin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die "zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, 
die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im 
Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
 (a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden 
Person oder sonst auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die 
Emittentin aus den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen 
Abzug oder Einbehalt vornimmt; oder 
 
 (b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen 
Beziehung des Gläubigers zu den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in den Niederlanden oder der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) 
oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
 (c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend 
die Besteuerung von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung 
über deren Besteuerung, an der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die 
Niederlande oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer gesetzlichen 
Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder 
befolgt, abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
 (d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach 
Fälligkeit der betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später

--- Page 148 ---
148
erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer 
diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß § 13 wirksam wird. 
 
 Die seit dem 1. Januar 2009 in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland geltende 
Abgeltungssteuer und der darauf erhobene Solidaritätszuschlag sind keine Steuer 
oder sonstige Abgabe im oben genannten Sinn, für die zusätzliche Beträge seitens 
der Emittentin zu zahlen wären.] 
 
 
§ 8 
VORLEGUNGSFRIST 
 
 Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vorlegungsfrist wird für die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
 
 
§ 9 
KÜNDIGUNG 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibung zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
(etwaiger) bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 (a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 (b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer anderen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und diese Unterlassung länger als 30 Tage 
fortdauert, nachdem der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem 
Gläubiger erhalten hat; oder 
 
 (c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 2 Absatz (2) definiert) oder ein 
Schuldscheindarlehen (mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) 
der Emittentin vorzeitig zahlbar wird aufgrund einer Nicht- oder Schlechtleistung 
des dieser Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit oder des Schuldscheindarlehens (mit einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) zugrunde liegenden Vertrages, 
oder die Emittentin einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im Gegenwert von 
mehr als EUR 200.000.000 aus einer Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit oder einem 
Schuldscheindarlehen (mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) 
oder 
aufgrund 
einer 
Bürgschaft 
oder 
Garantie, 
die 
für 
die 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
ein 
Schuldscheindarlehen 
(mit 
einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) Dritter gegeben wurde, nicht 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer Bürgschaft oder 
Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei denn, die Emittentin bestreitet in 
gutem Glauben, dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig ist bzw. diese 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, oder falls eine 
für solche Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für die oder von den daraus 
berechtigten Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird; oder 
 
 (d) die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit allgemein bekanntgibt oder ihre Zahlungen 
einstellt; oder 
 
 (e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, ein solches 
Verfahren eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen aufgehoben oder 
ausgesetzt worden ist, oder die Emittentin ein solches Verfahren einleitet oder 
beantragt; oder 
 
 (f) die Emittentin ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz oder überwiegend einstellt, alle oder den 
wesentlichen Teil ihres Vermögens veräußert oder anderweitig abgibt und (i) 
dadurch den Wert ihres Vermögens wesentlich vermindert und (ii) es dadurch 
wahrscheinlich wird, dass die Emittentin ihre Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber 
den Gläubigern nicht mehr erfüllen kann; oder 
 
 (g) die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang 
mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des Zusammenschlusses mit 
einer anderen Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang mit einer Umwandlung und 
diese Gesellschaft übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist.

--- Page 149 ---
149
 
 Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 (2) Quorum. In den Fällen des Absatz (1)(b) und/oder (1)(c) wird eine Kündigung, 
sofern nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in Absatz (1)(a) und (1)(d) bis (g) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei dem Fiscal Agent 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
1/10 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
 
 (3) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß Absatz (1) ist schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent zu erklären und persönlich oder per 
Einschreiben an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln.]  
 
  
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Kündigungsgründe. Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine Schuldverschreibung zu 
kündigen und deren sofortige Rückzahlung zu ihrem Rückzahlungsbetrag zuzüglich 
(etwaiger) bis zum Tage der Rückzahlung aufgelaufener Zinsen zu verlangen, falls: 
 (a) die Emittentin Kapital oder Zinsen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
 (b) die Emittentin die ordnungsgemäße Erfüllung einer anderen Verpflichtung aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen oder die Garantin die Erfüllung einer Verpflichtung aus der 
Garantie unterlässt und diese Unterlassung länger als 30 Tage fortdauert, 
nachdem der Fiscal Agent hierüber eine Benachrichtigung von einem Gläubiger 
erhalten hat; oder 
 
 (c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit (wie in § 2 Absatz (2) definiert) oder ein 
Schuldscheindarlehen (mit einer ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr) 
der Emittentin oder der Garantin vorzeitig zahlbar wird aufgrund einer Nicht- oder 
Schlechtleistung 
des 
dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
des 
Schuldscheindarlehens zugrunde liegenden Vertrages, oder die Emittentin oder 
die Garantin einer Zahlungsverpflichtung in Höhe oder im Gegenwert von mehr als 
EUR 200.000.000 
aus 
einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
einem 
Schuldscheindarlehen oder aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, die für die 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit oder ein Schuldscheindarlehen Dritter gegeben wurde, 
nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Falle einer Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach Inanspruchnahme aus dieser 
Bürgschaft oder Garantie nachkommt, es sei denn, die Emittentin oder die 
Garantin bestreitet in gutem Glauben, dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht 
oder fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft oder Garantie berechtigterweise geltend 
gemacht wird, oder falls eine für solche Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für 
die oder von den daraus berechtigten Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen wird; 
oder 
 
 (d) die Emittentin oder die Garantin ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit allgemein bekanntgibt 
oder ihre Zahlungen einstellt; oder 
 
 (e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen die Emittentin oder die Garantin eröffnet, 
ein solches Verfahren eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb von 60 Tagen aufgehoben 
oder ausgesetzt worden ist, oder die Emittentin oder die Garantin ein solches 
Verfahren einleitet oder beantragt oder die Emittentin ein "surseance van betaling" 
(im Sinne des niederländischen Insolvenzrechts) beantragt; oder 
 
 (f) die Emittentin oder die Garantin ihre Geschäftstätigkeit ganz oder überwiegend 
einstellt, alle oder den wesentlichen Teil ihres Vermögens veräußert oder 
anderweitig abgibt und (i) dadurch den Wert ihres Vermögens wesentlich vermindert 
und (ii) es dadurch wahrscheinlich wird, dass die Emittentin oder die Garantin ihre 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubigern nicht mehr erfüllen kann; oder 
 
 (g) die Emittentin oder die Garantin in Liquidation tritt, es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen Form des 
Zusammenschlusses mit einer anderen Gesellschaft oder im Zusammenhang mit 
einer Umwandlung und diese Gesellschaft übernimmt alle Verpflichtungen, die die 
Emittentin oder die Garantin im Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
eingegangen ist; oder

--- Page 150 ---
150
 
 (h) die Garantie aus irgendeinem Grund nicht mehr wirksam und rechtlich bindend ist.
 
 Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
 
 (2) Quorum. In den Fällen des Absatz (1)(b) und/oder (1)(c) wird eine Kündigung, 
sofern nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in Absatz (1)(a) und (1)(d) bis (h) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei dem Fiscal Agent 
Kündigungserklärungen 
von 
Gläubigern 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
1/10 
der 
dann 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
 
 (3) Benachrichtigung. Eine Benachrichtigung, einschließlich einer Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß Absatz (1) ist schriftlich in deutscher oder englischer 
Sprache gegenüber dem Fiscal Agent zu erklären und persönlich oder per 
Einschreiben an dessen bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle zu übermitteln.]  
 
 
§ 10 
ERSETZUNG  
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger ein mit ihr verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten 
definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin (die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle 
Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen 
einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass:] 
 
  
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(1) Ersetzung. Die Emittentin ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit einer 
Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen in Verzug befindet, 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger entweder die Garantin oder ein mit der Garantin 
verbundenes Unternehmen (wie unten definiert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldnerin 
(die "Nachfolgeschuldnerin") für alle Verpflichtungen aus und im Zusammenhang 
mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass:] 
 
 (a) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
 
 (b) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin alle erforderlichen Genehmigungen erhalten hat und 
berechtigt ist, an den Fiscal Agent die zur Erfüllung der Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Beträge in der festgelegten Währung 
zu zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in dem Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin oder die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz haben, 
erhobene Steuern oder andere Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder einzubehalten; 
 
 (c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher 
Steuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger 
bezüglich der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(d) 
sichergestellt ist, dass sich die Verpflichtungen der Emittentin aus der Garantie 
und der Negativverpflichtung des Debt Issuance Programms der Emittentin (auf 
die die unten in § 11 aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
sinngemäß 
Anwendung 
finden) 
auch 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen der Nachfolgeschuldnerin erstrecken; und] 
 
  
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(d) 
sichergestellt ist, dass sich die Verpflichtungen der Garantin aus der Garantie 
und der Negativverpflichtung des Debt Issuance Programms der Emittentin auch 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen der Nachfolgeschuldnerin erstrecken; und] 
 
 (e) dem 
Fiscal 
Agent 
jeweils 
eine 
Bestätigung 
bezüglich 
der 
betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen von anerkannten Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt wird, dass die 
Bestimmungen in den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen (a), (b), (c) und (d) erfüllt 
wurden.

--- Page 151 ---
151
 
 Für die Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet "verbundenes Unternehmen" ein verbundenes 
Unternehmen im Sinne von § 15 Aktiengesetz. 
 
 (2) Bekanntmachung. Jede Ersetzung ist gemäß § 13 bekannt zu machen. 
 
 (3) Änderung von Bezugnahmen. Im Fall einer Ersetzung gilt jede Bezugnahme in 
diesen Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin ab dem Zeitpunkt der Ersetzung als 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede Bezugnahme auf das Land, in 
dem die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat, gilt ab diesem Zeitpunkt als 
Bezugnahme auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat. Des Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung Folgendes: 
Im Fall von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
von BASF begeben 
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(a)in § 7 und § 5 Absatz (2) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe 
des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat); 
 (b) in § 9 Absatz (1)(c) bis (g) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Emittentin in 
ihrer Eigenschaft als Garantin als aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme 
auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin).] 
 
  
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [In § 7 und § 5 Absatz (2) gilt eine alternative Bezugnahme auf die Niederlande als 
aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe des vorstehenden 
Satzes auf das Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder Steuersitz hat).]
 
 
§ 11 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER[, 
ÄNDERUNG DER GARANTIE] 
 
 (1) Änderung der Anleihebedingungen. Die Gläubiger können entsprechend den 
Bestimmungen des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen, in 
der geänderten Fassung (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – "SchVG") durch einen 
Beschluss mit der in Absatz 2 bestimmten Mehrheit über einen im SchVG 
zugelassenen Gegenstand eine Änderung der Anleihebedingungen mit der Emittentin 
vereinbaren. Die Mehrheitsbeschlüsse der Gläubiger sind für alle Gläubiger 
gleichermaßen verbindlich. Ein Mehrheitsbeschluß der Gläubiger, der nicht gleiche 
Bedingungen für alle Gläubiger vorsieht, ist unwirksam, es sei denn die 
benachteiligten Gläubiger stimmen ihrer Benachteiligung ausdrücklich zu. 
 
 (2) Mehrheitserfordernisse. Die Gläubiger entscheiden mit einer Mehrheit von 
mindestens 75 % der an der Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Anleihebedingungen nicht geändert wird und 
die keinen Gegenstand der § 5 Absatz 3, Nr. 1 bis Nr. 8 des SchVG betreffen, 
bedürfen zu ihrer Wirksamkeit einer einfachen Mehrheit der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte. 
 
 (3) Beschlüsse der Gläubiger. Beschlüsse der Gläubiger werden nach Wahl der 
Emittentin im Wege der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung nach § 18 und §§ 5 ff. 
SchVG oder einer Gläubigerversammlung nach §§ 5 ff. SchVG gefasst. 
 
 (4) Leitung der Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. Die Abstimmung wird von einem von 
der Emittentin beauftragten Notar oder, falls der gemeinsame Vertreter zur 
Abstimmung aufgefordert hat, von dem gemeinsamen Vertreter der Gläubiger geleitet.
 
 (5) Stimmrecht. An Abstimmungen der Gläubiger nimmt jeder Gläubiger nach 
Maßgabe des Nennwerts oder des rechnerischen Anteils seiner Berechtigung an den 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen teil. 
 
 (6) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
Falls kein 
gemeinsamer 
Vertreter in den 
Bedingungen 
bestellt wird, ist 
 [Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheitsbeschluß zur Wahrnehmung ihrer Rechte 
einen gemeinsamen Vertreter für alle Gläubiger bestellen.]

--- Page 152 ---
152
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
  
Im Fall der 
Bestellung des 
gemeinsamen 
Vertreters in den 
Bedingungen, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter 
ist 
[Gemeinsamer 
Vertreter]. 
Die 
Haftung 
des 
gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf das Zehnfache seiner jährlichen Vergütung 
beschränkt, es sei denn, dem gemeinsamen Vertreter fällt Vorsatz oder grobe 
Fahrlässigkeit zur Last.] 
 
 Der gemeinsame Vertreter hat die Aufgaben und Befugnisse, welche ihm durch 
Gesetz oder von den Gläubigern durch Mehrheitsbeschluß eingeräumt wurden. Er hat 
die Weisungen der Gläubiger zu befolgen. Soweit er zur Geltendmachung von 
Rechten der Gläubiger ermächtigt ist, sind die einzelnen Gläubiger zur selbständigen 
Geltendmachung dieser Rechte nicht befugt, es sei denn der Mehrheitsbeschluß sieht 
dies ausdrücklich vor. Über seine Tätigkeit hat der gemeinsame Vertreter den 
Gläubigern zu berichten. Für die Abberufung und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten 
des gemeinsamen Vertreters gelten die Vorschriften des SchVG. 
 
 (7) 
Verfahrensrechtliche 
Bestimmungen 
über 
Gläubigerbeschlüsse 
in 
einer 
Gläubigerversammlung. 
(a) Frist, Anmeldung, Nachweis. 
(i) Die Gläubigerversammlung ist mindestens 14 Tage vor dem Tag der 
Versammlung einzuberufen. 
(ii) Sieht die Einberufung vor, dass die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung oder 
die Ausübung der Stimmrechte davon abhängig ist, dass sich die Gläubiger vor der 
Versammlung anmelden, so tritt für die Berechnung der Einberufungsfrist an die Stelle 
des Tages der Versammlung der Tag, bis zu dessen Ablauf sich die Gläubiger vor der 
Versammlung anmelden müssen. Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor 
der Gläubigerversammlung zugehen. 
(iii) Die Einberufung kann vorsehen, wie die Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung nachzuweisen ist. Sofern die Einberufung nichts anderes 
bestimmt, berechtigt ein von einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden Beauftragten 
ausgestellter Stimmzettel seinen Inhaber zur Teilnahme an und zur Stimmabgabe in 
der Gläubigerversammlung. Der Stimmzettel kann vom Gläubiger bezogen werden, 
indem er mindestens sechs Tage vor der für die Gläubigerversammlung bestimmten 
Zeit (a) seine Schuldverschreibungen bei einem durch die Emittentin zu ernennenden 
Beauftragten oder gemäß einer Weisung dieses Beauftragten hinterlegt hat oder (b) 
seine Schuldverschreibungen bei einer Depotbank in Übereinstimmung mit deren 
Verfahrensregeln gesperrt sowie einen Nachweis über die Inhaberschaft und 
Sperrung der Schuldverschreibungen an den Beauftragten der Emittentin geliefert hat. 
Die Einberufung kann auch die Erbringung eines Identitätsnachweises der ein 
Stimmrecht ausübenden Person vorsehen. 
(b) Inhalt der Einberufung, Bekanntmachung. 
(i) In der Einberufung (die "Einberufung") müssen die Firma, der Sitz der Emittentin, 
die Zeit und der Ort der Gläubigerversammlung sowie die Bedingungen angegeben 
werden, von denen die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung 
des Stimmrechts abhängen, einschließlich der in Absatz (a)(ii) und (iii) genannten 
Voraussetzungen. 
(ii) Die Einberufung ist unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger sowie zusätzlich gemäß § 13 
öffentlich bekannt zu machen. Die Kosten der Bekanntmachung hat die Emittentin zu 
tragen. 
(iii) Von dem Tag an, an dem die Gläubigerversammlung einberufen wurde, bis zum 
Tag der Gläubigerversammlung wird die Emittentin auf ihrer Internetseite den 
Gläubigern die Einberufung und die exakten Bedingungen für die Teilnahme an der 
Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung von Stimmrechten zur Verfügung stellen. 
(c) Auskunftspflicht, Abstimmung. 
(i) Die Emittentin hat jedem Gläubiger auf Verlangen in der Gläubigerversammlung

--- Page 153 ---
153
Auskunft zu erteilen, soweit sie zur sachgemäßen Beurteilung eines Gegenstands der 
Tagesordnung oder eines Vorschlags zur Beschlussfassung erforderlich ist. 
(ii) Auf die Abgabe und die Auszählung der Stimmen sind die Vorschriften des 
Aktiengesetzes über die Abstimmung der Aktionäre in der Hauptversammlung 
entsprechend anzuwenden, soweit nicht in der Einberufung etwas anderes 
vorgesehen ist. 
(d) Bekanntmachung von Beschlüssen. 
(i) Die Emittentin hat die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger auf ihre Kosten in geeigneter 
Form öffentlich bekannt zu machen. Hat die Emittentin ihren Sitz in der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland, so sind die Beschlüsse unverzüglich im Bundesanzeiger 
sowie zusätzlich gemäß § 13 zu veröffentlichen; die nach § 50 Absatz 1 des 
Wertpapierhandelsgesetzes vorgeschriebene Veröffentlichung ist jedoch ausreichend. 
(ii) Außerdem hat die Emittentin die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger sowie, wenn ein 
Gläubigerbeschluss die Anleihebedingungen ändert, den Wortlaut der ursprünglichen 
Anleihebedingungen vom Tag nach der Gläubigerversammlung an für die Dauer von 
mindestens einem Monat im Internet unter ihrer Adresse der Öffentlichkeit zugänglich 
zu machen. 
(e) Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
In der Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe ist der Zeitraum anzugeben, innerhalb dessen 
die Stimmen abgegeben werden können. Er beträgt mindestens 72 Stunden. 
Während des Abstimmungszeitraums können die Gläubiger ihre Stimme gegenüber 
dem Abstimmungsleiter in Textform abgeben. In der Aufforderung können auch 
andere Formen der Stimmabgabe vorgesehen werden. In der Aufforderung muss im 
Einzelnen angegeben werden, welche Voraussetzungen erfüllt sein müssen, damit die 
Stimmen gezählt werden. 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die von 
BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(8) Änderung der Garantie. Die oben aufgeführten auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren Bestimmungen finden sinngemäß auf die Bestimmungen der Garantie 
der BASF Anwendung.] 
 
 
§ 12 
BEGEBUNG WEITERER SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, 
ANKAUF UND ENTWERTUNG  
 
 (1) Begebung weiterer Schuldverschreibungen. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
ohne Zustimmung der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschreibungen mit gleicher 
Ausstattung (gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Verzinsungsbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) in der Weise zu begeben, dass 
sie mit diesen Schuldverschreibungen eine einheitliche Serie bilden. 
 
 (2) Ankauf. Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit Schuldverschreibungen im Markt 
oder anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin 
erworbenen Schuldverschreibungen können nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr 
gehalten, weiterverkauft oder bei dem Fiscal Agent zwecks Entwertung eingereicht 
werden. Sofern diese Käufe durch öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss dieses 
Angebot allen Gläubigern gemacht werden. 
 
 (3) Entwertung. Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten Schuldverschreibungen sind 
unverzüglich zu entwerten und können nicht wiederbegeben oder wiederverkauft 
werden. 
 
 
§ 13 
MITTEILUNGEN 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die in der 
offiziellen Liste der 
Luxemburger 
Börse notiert 
[(1) Bekanntmachung. Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
erfolgen durch elektronische Publikation auf der Website der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.bourse.lu). Jede Mitteilung gilt am dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung als wirksam erfolgt.

--- Page 154 ---
154
werden, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Solange Schuldverschreibungen an der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, findet Absatz (1) Anwendung. Soweit die Mitteilung 
den Zinssatz betrifft oder die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies sonst zulassen, 
kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Absatz (1) durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige Mitteilung 
gilt am siebten Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den 
Gläubigern mitgeteilt.]
 
 
Im Fall von 
Schuldverschrei-
bungen, die nicht 
an einer Börse 
notiert sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
[(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. Die Emittentin wird alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
 
[(3)] Form der Mitteilung. Mitteilungen, die von einem Gläubiger gemacht werden, 
müssen in Textform (z.B. eMail oder Fax) oder schriftlich erfolgen und zusammen mit 
dem Nachweis seiner Inhaberschaft gemäß § 14 Absatz [4] an den Fiscal Agent 
geschickt werden. Eine solche Mitteilung kann über das Clearing System in der von 
dem Fiscal Agent und dem Clearing System dafür vorgesehenen Weise erfolgen.
 
 
§ 14 
ANWENDBARES RECHT, GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG 
 
 (1) Anwendbares Recht. Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen sowie die 
Rechte und Pflichten der Gläubiger und der Emittentin bestimmen sich in jeder 
Hinsicht nach deutschem Recht. 
 
 (2) Gerichtsstand. Nicht ausschließlich zuständig für sämtliche im Zusammenhang mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden 
Klagen 
oder 
sonstige 
Verfahren 
("Rechtsstreitigkeiten") ist das Landgericht Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
Im Falle von 
Schuldver-
schreibungen, die 
von BASF Finance 
begeben werden, 
ist Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [(3) Bestellung von Zustellungsbevollmächtigten. Für etwaige Rechtsstreitigkeiten vor 
deutschen Gerichten bestellt die Emittentin die BASF SE, Carl-Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 
Ludwigshafen 
am 
Rhein, 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland, 
zu 
ihrer 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigten in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland.] 
 
 [(4)] Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen ist 
berechtigt, in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem Rechtsstreit, in 
dem der Gläubiger und die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen im eigenen Namen auf der folgenden Grundlage zu schützen 
oder geltend zu machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheinigung der Depotbank bei, bei der 
er für die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpapierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den 
vollständigen Namen und die vollständige Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen bezeichnet, die unter dem Datum der 
Bestätigung auf dem Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) bestätigt, dass die 
Depotbank gegenüber dem Clearing System eine schriftliche Erklärung abgegeben 
hat, die die vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichneten Informationen enthält; und (ii) 
er legt eine Kopie der die betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden 
Globalurkunde 
vor, 
deren 
Übereinstimmung 
mit 
dem 
Original 
eine 
vertretungsberechtigte Person des Clearing Systems oder des Verwahrers des 
Clearing Systems bestätigt hat, ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbelege oder der 
die Schuldverschreibungen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in einem solchen Verfahren 
erforderlich wäre. Für die Zwecke des Vorstehenden bezeichnet "Depotbank" jede 
Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkanntes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu betreiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger ein 
Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldverschreibungen unterhält, einschließlich des Clearing 
Systems. Unbeschadet des Vorstehenden kann jeder Gläubiger seine Rechte aus den

--- Page 155 ---
155
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede andere Weise schützen oder geltend machen, 
die im Land des Rechtsstreits prozessual zulässig ist. 
 
 
§ 15 
SPRACHE 
Falls die Anleihe-
bedingungen in 
deutscher Sprache 
mit einer 
Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in deutscher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
  
Falls die Anleihe-
bedingungen in 
englischer Sprache 
mit einer 
Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Diese Anleihebedingungen sind in englischer Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung 
in die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist unverbindlich.] 
 
  
Falls die Anleihe-
bedingungen 
ausschließlich in 
deutscher Sprache 
abgefasst sind, ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
 [Diese Anleihebedingungen sind ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.]

--- Page 156 ---
156
GARANTIE 
 
der 
 
BASF SE, Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Bundesrepublik Deutschland, zu Gunsten der Gläubiger von 
Schuldverschreibungen (die "Schuldverschreibungen"), die von der 
BASF Finance Europe N.V., Arnhem, Niederlande, im Rahmen des EUR 20.000.000.000 
Debt Issuance Program (das "Programm") begeben werden 
PRÄAMBEL 
(A) Die BASF SE ("BASF") und die BASF Finance Europe N.V. ("BASF Finance") beabsichtigen, von 
Zeit zu Zeit Schuldverschreibungen im Rahmen des Programms zu begeben, deren jeweils 
ausstehender Gesamtnennbetrag das Programm-Limit nicht übersteigt. 
(B) Die Schuldverschreibungen unterliegen den Anleihebedingungen der Schuldverschreibungen nach 
deutschem Recht (in der durch die anwendbaren Endgültigen Bedingungen jeweils geänderten, 
ergänzten oder modifizierten Fassung, die "Bedingungen"). 
(C) Die BASF SE (die "Garantin") beabsichtigt, mit dieser Garantie die Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen 
sowie von jeglichen sonstigen Beträgen zu garantieren, die aufgrund der von der BASF Finance zu 
irgendeiner Zeit im Rahmen des Programms begebenen Schuldverschreibungen zu leisten sind. 
HIERMIT WIRD FOLGENDES VEREINBART: 
1. Die Garantin übernimmt gegenüber den Gläubigern jeder einzelnen Schuldverschreibung (wobei 
dieser Begriff jede (vorläufige oder Dauer-) Globalurkunde, die Schuldverschreibungen verbrieft, 
einschließt), die jetzt oder später von der BASF Finance im Rahmen des Programms begeben wird, 
die unbedingte und unwiderrufliche Garantie für die ordnungsgemäße Zahlung von Kapital und Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen sowie von jeglichen sonstigen Beträgen, die in Übereinstimmung mit 
den Bedingungen auf irgendeine Schuldverschreibung zahlbar sind, und zwar zu den in den 
Bedingungen bestimmten Fälligkeiten. 
2. Diese Garantie begründet eine unwiderrufliche, nicht nachrangige und (vorbehaltlich der 
Bestimmungen in Ziffer 4 dieser Garantie) nicht besicherte Verpflichtung der Garantin, die mit allen 
sonstigen nicht nachrangigen und nicht besicherten Verpflichtungen der Garantin wenigstens im 
gleichen Rang steht (soweit nicht zwingende gesetzliche Bestimmungen entgegenstehen). 
3. Sämtliche auf diese Garantie zu zahlenden Beträge sind ohne Einbehalt oder Abzug von oder 
aufgrund von gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Steuern oder sonstigen Abgaben gleich welcher Art zu 
leisten, die von oder in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder für deren Rechnung oder von oder für 
Rechnung einer politischen Untergliederung oder Steuerbehörde der oder in der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland auferlegt oder erhoben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Einbehalt oder Abzug ist 
gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In diesem Fall wird die Garantin diejenigen zusätzlichen Beträge (die 
"zusätzlichen Beträge") zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den Gläubigern zufließenden 
Nettobeträge nach diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Beträgen entsprechen, die ohne einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von den Gläubigern empfangen worden wären; die Verpflichtung zur 
Zahlung solcher zusätzlicher Beträge besteht jedoch nicht im Hinblick auf Steuern und Abgaben, die: 
 
(a) von einer als Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter des Gläubigers handelnden Person oder sonst 
auf andere Weise zu entrichten sind als dadurch, dass die BASF Finance oder die Garantin aus 
den von ihr zu leistenden Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen einen Abzug oder Einbehalt 
vornimmt; oder 
 
(b) wegen einer gegenwärtigen oder früheren persönlichen oder geschäftlichen Beziehung des 
Gläubigers zur Bundesrepublik Deutschland zu zahlen sind, und nicht allein deshalb, weil 
Zahlungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen aus Quellen in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
stammen (oder für Zwecke der Besteuerung so behandelt werden) oder dort besichert sind; oder 
 
(c) aufgrund (i) einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der Europäischen Union betreffend die Besteuerung 
von Zinserträgen oder (ii) einer zwischenstaatlichen Vereinbarung über deren Besteuerung, an 
der die Bundesrepublik Deutschland oder die Europäische Union beteiligt ist, oder (iii) einer 
gesetzlichen Vorschrift, die diese Richtlinie, Verordnung oder Vereinbarung umsetzt oder befolgt, 
abzuziehen oder einzubehalten sind; oder 
 
(d) aufgrund einer Rechtsänderung zu zahlen sind, welche später als 30 Tage nach Fälligkeit der 
betreffenden Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder, wenn dies später erfolgt, ordnungsgemäßer 
Bereitstellung aller fälligen Beträge und einer diesbezüglichen Bekanntmachung gemäß den 
Bedingungen wirksam wird.

--- Page 157 ---
157
4. Die Garantin verpflichtet sich gegenüber jedem Gläubiger, solange Schuldverschreibungen 
ausstehen, jedoch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen dem Fiscal 
Agent 
zur 
Verfügung 
gestellt 
worden 
sind, 
keine 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten und keine Garantien oder andere Gewährleistungen dafür durch Grund- 
oder Mobiliarpfandrechte an ihrem Vermögen zu besichern, oder eine solche Besicherung zu diesem 
Zweck bestehen zu lassen, ohne gleichzeitig die Gläubiger an derselben Sicherheit oder an solchen 
anderen Sicherheiten, die von einem internationalen angesehenen unabhängigen Wirtschaftsprüfer 
als gleichwertige Sicherheit anerkannt werden, im gleichen Rang und gleichem Verhältnis teilnehmen 
zu lassen. "Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit" ist jede Verbindlichkeit hinsichtlich der Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener Geldbeträge, die durch Schuldverschreibungen oder sonstige Wertpapiere mit einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr, die an einer Börse oder an einem anderen 
anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt notiert oder gehandelt werden oder werden können, verbrieft oder 
verkörpert ist. 
5. Die Verpflichtungen der Garantin aus dieser Garantie (i) sind selbständig und unabhängig von den 
Verpflichtungen der BASF Finance aus den Schuldverschreibungen und (ii) bestehen ohne Rücksicht 
auf die Rechtmäßigkeit, Gültigkeit, Verbindlichkeit und Durchsetzbarkeit der Schuldverschreibungen. 
6. Die Verpflichtungen der Garantin aus dieser Garantie erstrecken sich, ohne dass eine weitere 
Handlung durchgeführt werden oder ein weiterer Umstand entstehen muss, auf solche 
Verpflichtungen jeglicher nicht mit der Garantin identischen neuen Emittentin, die infolge einer 
Schuldnerersetzung gemäß den anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Bedingungen in Bezug auf 
jedwede Schuldverschreibung entstehen. 
7. Diese Garantie erstreckt sich auf sämtliche Schuldverschreibungen, die am oder nach dem Datum 
dieser Garantie von der BASF Finance unter dem Programm begeben werden. 
8. Diese Garantie und alle hierin enthaltenen Vereinbarungen sind ein Vertrag zu Gunsten der Gläubiger 
der Schuldverschreibungen als begünstigte Dritte gemäß § 328 Abs. 1 BGB und begründen das 
Recht eines jeden Gläubigers, die Erfüllung der hierin eingegangenen Verpflichtungen unmittelbar von 
der Garantin zu fordern und diese Verpflichtungen unmittelbar gegenüber der Garantin 
durchzusetzen. 
 
Ein Gläubiger einer Schuldverschreibung kann im Falle der Nichterfüllung von Zahlungen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zur Durchsetzung dieser Garantie unmittelbar gegen die Garantin Klage 
erheben, ohne dass zunächst ein Verfahren gegen die BASF Finance eingeleitet werden müßte. 
9. Die Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, mit der die hierin enthaltenen Vereinbarungen getroffen 
werden, handelt als Fiscal Agent nicht als Beauftragte, Treuhänderin oder in einer ähnlichen 
Eigenschaft für die Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. 
10. Die hierin verwendeten und nicht anders definierten Begriffe haben die ihnen in den Bedingungen 
zugewiesene Bedeutung. 
11. Die auf die Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung findenden Bestimmungen über die Änderung der 
Anleihebedingungen und den Gemeinsamen Vertreter gelten sinngemäß auch für diese Garantie. 
12. Diese Garantie unterliegt dem Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
13. Diese Garantie ist in deutscher Sprache abgefasst und in die englische Sprache übersetzt. Die 
deutschsprachige Fassung ist verbindlich und allein maßgeblich. 
14. Das Original dieser Garantie wird der Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft ausgehändigt und von dieser 
verwahrt. 
15. Ausschließlicher Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten gegen die Garantin aus oder im 
Zusammenhang mit dieser Garantie ist Frankfurt am Main, Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
16. Jeder Gläubiger einer Schuldverschreibung kann in jedem Rechtsstreit gegen die Garantin und in 
jedem Rechtsstreit, in dem er und die Garantin Partei sind, seine aus dieser Garantie hervorgehenden 
Rechte auf der Grundlage einer von einer vertretungsberechtigten Person der Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft beglaubigten Kopie dieser Garantie ohne Vorlage des Originals im eigenen Namen 
wahrnehmen und durchsetzen. 
 
16. September 2014 
BASF SE

--- Page 158 ---
158
Wir akzeptieren die Bestimmungen der vorstehenden Garantie ohne Obligo, Gewährleistung oder 
Rückgriff auf uns. 
16. September 2014 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft

--- Page 159 ---
159
GUARANTEE 
 
(English translation)  
of 
 
BASF SE, Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Federal Republic of Germany, 
for the benefit of the holders of notes (the "Notes"), issued by BASF Finance Europe N.V., 
Arnhem, The Netherlands, under the EUR 20,000,000,000 Debt Issuance 
Program (the "Program") 
WHEREAS: 
(A) BASF SE ("BASF") and BASF Finance Europe N.V. ("BASF Finance") intend to issue Notes under 
the Program from time to time, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of which will not exceed 
the Program Amount. 
(B) The Notes will be issued with Terms and Conditions under German law (as amended, supplemented 
or modified by the applicable Final Terms, the "Conditions"). 
(C) BASF SE (the "Guarantor") wishes to guarantee the due payment of principal and interest and any 
other amounts payable in respect of any and all Notes that may be issued by BASF Finance under the 
Program.  
IT IS AGREED AS FOLLOWS: 
(1) The Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the holder of each Note (which 
expression shall include any Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note representing Notes) 
(each a "Holder") issued by BASF Finance now or at any time hereafter under the Program, the due 
and punctual payment of the principal of, and interest on, the Notes and any other amounts which may 
be expressed to be payable under any Note, as and when the same shall become due, in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
(2) This Guarantee constitutes an irrevocable, unsecured (subject to paragraph (4) hereunder) and 
unsubordinated obligation of the Guarantor and ranks pari passu with all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor outstanding from time to time, subject to 
any obligations preferred by law. 
(3) All amounts payable in respect of this Guarantee shall be made without withholding or deduction for or 
on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by way of 
withholding or deduction by or on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts (the 
"Additional Amounts") as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the Holders, 
after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts which would otherwise have 
been receivable in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such Additional 
Amounts shall be payable on account of any taxes or duties which:  
 
(a) are payable by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not constitute a deduction or withholding by BASF Finance 
or the Guarantor from payments of principal or interest made by it, or  
 
(b) are payable by reason of the Holder having, or having had, some personal or business connection 
with the Federal Republic of Germany or another member state of the European Union and not 
merely by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the Notes are, or for purposes of taxation 
are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, the Federal Republic of Germany, or  
 
(c) are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation concerning 
the taxation of interest income, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding relating to such 
taxation and to which the Federal Republic of Germany or the European Union is a party, or (iii) 
any provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to conform with, such 
Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or  
 
(d) are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 days after the 
relevant payment becomes due, or is duly provided for and notice thereof is published in 
accordance with the Conditions, whichever occurs later. 
(4) The Guarantor undertakes towards each Holder, so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, but 
only up to the time all amounts of principal and interest have been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal 
Agent, not to provide security upon any of its assets for any present or future Capital Market 
Indebtedness or any guarantees or other indemnities resulting therefrom, without at the same time

--- Page 160 ---
160
having the Holders share equally and rateably in such security or such other security as shall be 
approved by an independent accounting firm of internationally recognized standing as being 
equivalent security. "Capital Market Indebtedness" means any obligation for the repayment of 
borrowed money which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes or other 
securities, with an original maturity of more than one year, which are, or are capable of being, quoted, 
listed, dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other recognized securities market. 
(5) The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee (i) shall be separate and independent from the 
obligations of BASF Finance under the Notes, and (ii) shall exist irrespective of the legality, validity 
and binding effect or enforceability of the Notes. 
(6) The obligations of the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall, without any further act or thing being 
required to be done or to occur, extend to the obligations of any Substitute Debtor which is not the 
Guarantor arising in respect of any Note by virtue of a substitution pursuant to the Conditions. 
(7) This Guarantee is given in respect of any and all Notes which are or will be issued by BASF Finance 
under the Program on or after the date hereof. 
(8) This Agreement and all undertakings contained herein constitute a contract for the benefit of the Holders 
from time to time as third party beneficiaries pursuant to § 328 (1) BGB (German Civil Code)(1). They 
give rise to the right of each such Holder to require performance of the obligations undertaken herein 
directly from the Guarantor, and to enforce such obligations directly against the Guarantor. 
 
Any Holder has the right in case of non-performance of any payments on the Notes to enforce the 
Guarantee by filing a suit directly against the Guarantor without the need to take prior proceedings 
against BASF Finance. 
(9) Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft which accepted this Guarantee, in its capacity as Fiscal Agent does 
not act in a relationship of agency or trust, a fiduciary or in any other similar capacity for the Holders. 
(10) Terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning attributed to 
them in the Conditions. 
(11) The provisions regarding the Amendment of the Terms and Conditions and the Holders' 
Representative applicable to the Notes shall be applicable mutatis mutandis also to this Guarantee. 
(12) This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, German law. 
(13) This Agreement is written in the German language and attached hereto is a non-binding English 
translation. 
(14) The original version of this Agreement shall be delivered to, and kept by, Deutsche Bank 
Aktiengesellschaft. 
(15) Exclusive place of jurisdiction for all legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with this 
Agreement against the Guarantor shall be Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. 
(16) On the basis of a copy of this Agreement certified as being a true copy by a duly authorized officer of 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft each Holder may protect and enforce in his own name his rights 
arising under this Agreement in any legal proceedings against the Guarantor or to which such Holder 
and the Guarantor are parties, without the need for production of this Agreement in such proceedings. 
 
September 16, 2014 
BASF SE 
 
We accept the terms of the above Guarantee without recourse, warranty or liability. 
September 16, 2014 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
                                                 
1 
An English language translation of § 328 (1) BGB (German Civil Code) reads as follow: "A Contract may stipulate 
performance for the benefit of a third party, to the effect that the third party acquires the right directly to demand 
performance."

--- Page 161 ---
161
(1)[MiFID II Product Governance – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties[,][and] professional clients [and retail clients], each as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") [and [●]]; [EITHER(2): and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised 
sales and pure execution services] [OR(3): (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice[,][and] portfolio management[,][and] [non-advised sales] [and 
pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable]]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s][s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable](4).] 
 
( 5 )[UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible 
counterparties target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); [EITHER(6) and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] 
[OR(7) (ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; 
and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment 
advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales] [and pure execution services][, subject to 
the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable](8).] 
                                                 
(1) 
To be include if parties have determined a target market. 
 
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben. 
(2) 
Include for notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured 
deposits (ESMA/2015/1787) (the "ESMA Guidelines") (i.e. Notes the Terms and Conditions of which do not provide 
for a put and/or call right). 
 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (die "ESMA Leitlinien") nicht ESMA komplex sind (also, Schuldverschreiben deren 
Anleihebedingungen keine Kündigungsrechte seitens der Emittentin und/oder der Anleihegläubiger enthalten). 
(3) 
Include for notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for 
example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and 
appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to 
retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 
25(3) of MiFID II. 
 
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss 
gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der 
Anlageberatung 
ist 
die 
Bestimmung 
der 
Geeignetheit 
und 
Angemessenheit 
notwendig. 
Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von 
Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nach Art. 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig. 
(4) 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
(5) 
To be included if parties have determined a target market and if the managers in relation to the Notes are subject to 
 
UK MiFIR, i.e. there are UK MiFIR manufacturers. 
 
Einzufügen, wenn die Parteien einen Zielmarkt bestimmt haben und wenn die Paltzeuere in bezug auf die 
 
Schuldverschreibungen der UK MiFIR unterliegen, d.h.. wenn es UK MiFIR-Hersteller gibt. 
(6) 
Include for notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (in Bezug auf UK, wie in COBS dargestellt). 
(7) 
Include for notes that are ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
 
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die ESMA komplex sind (in Bezug auf UK, wie in COBS dargestellt). 
(8) 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
 
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich.

--- Page 162 ---
162
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.](9) 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.](10) 
                                                 
(9) 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA and UK Retail Investors". 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt 
"Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR- und UK-Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde. 
(10) 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales to 
 
UK Retail Investors". 
 
Diese Erklärung einfügen, wenn "Anwendbar" im Teil II. C.4 der Endgültigen Bedingungen im Hinblick auf den Punkt 
 
"Verbot des Verkaufs an UK Privatanleger" ausgewählt wurde.

--- Page 163 ---
163
In case of Notes listed on the official list of and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms of Notes will be displayed on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of Notes publicly offered in one or more member states of the 
European Economic Area other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of 
BASF Group (www.BASF.com). 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(MUSTER FÜR ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN)  
[Date] 
[Datum] 
Final Terms 
Endgültige Bedingungen 
[BASF SE][BASF Finance Europe N.V.] 
[Title of relevant Tranche of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Tranche der Schuldverschreibungen] 
Series No.: [    ] / Tranche No.: [    ] 
Serien Nr.: [    ] / Tranche Nr.: [    ]  
Issue Date: [    ](11) 
Tag der Begebung: [    ] 
issued pursuant to the EUR 20,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Program dated September 10, 2021 
of BASF SE and BASF Finance Europe N.V. 
begeben aufgrund des EUR 20.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Program vom 10. September 2021  
der BASF SE und BASF Finance Europe N.V. 
Important Notice 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8(5) in conjunction with Article 25(4) of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017, as amended, 
and must be read in conjunction with the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus pertaining to the Program 
dated September 10, 2021 (the "Prospectus") [and the supplement(s) dated []]. The Prospectus and 
any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) and on the website of BASF Group (www.BASF.com) and copies may 
be obtained from BASF SE, Carl-Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany. Full 
information is only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus, any supplement and these 
Final Terms. [A summary of the individual issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.](12) 
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke von Artikel 8 Abs. 5 i.V.m. Artikel 25 Abs. 4 der 
Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, in der 
jeweils geänderten Fassung, abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem Debt Issuance Program Prospekt 
vom 10. September 2021 über das Programm (der "Prospekt") [und dem(den) Nachtrag(Nachträgen) 
dazu vom []] zu lesen. Der Prospekt sowie etwaige Nachträge können in elektronischer Form auf der 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.bourse.lu) und der Internetseite der BASF Gruppe 
(www.BASF.com) eingesehen werden. Kopien sind erhältlich unter BASF SE, Carl-Bosch-Str. 38, 67056 
Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Deutschland. Um sämtliche Angaben zu erhalten, sind die Endgültigen 
Bedingungen, 
der 
Prospekt 
und 
etwaige 
Nachträge 
im 
Zusammenhang 
zu 
lesen. 
[Eine 
Zusammenfassung der einzelnen Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen angefügt.](7) 
 
                                                 
(11)  The Issue Date is the date of payment and issue of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery 
date. 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung 
ist der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
(12) Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 164 ---
164
Part I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Teil I.: ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including 
certain further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, 
insert:(13) 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die 
betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen:(8) 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions") [and the [German] [English] 
language translation thereof,] are as set out below.  
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") [sowie die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[in the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I 
[A][B][C][D][E][F][G][H] including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant 
placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I 
[A][B][C][D][E][F][G][H] (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende 
Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including 
relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by 
referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II including 
certain further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die durch 
Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben 
(einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply 
to Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the "Terms and Conditions") set forth in the Prospectus as 
[Option I [A][B][C][D][E][F][G][H](14)] [Option II]. Capitalized terms shall have the meanings specified in 
the Terms and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Anleihebedingungen, der 
auf 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
[fester] 
[variabler] 
Verzinsung 
Anwendung 
findet 
(die 
"Anleihebedingungen"), zu lesen, der als [Option I [A][B][C][D][E][F][G][H](9)] [Option II] im Prospekt 
enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den Anleihebedingungen definiert sind, haben dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie 
in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
                                                 
(13) To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions will be 
required where the Notes are to be publicly offered, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to 
non-qualified investors. Delete all references to B. Part I of the Final Terms including numbered paragraphs and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der Bedingungen 
erforderlich ist, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht qualifizierte Anleger 
verkauft oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf B. Teil I der Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich 
der Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen entfernen. 
(14) In case of an increase of an issue of Notes which were originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Tranches have to be identical in all respects, but may have different issue dates, interest 
commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first interest payments. 
Im Fall einer Aufstockung einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen, die ursprünglich vor dem Datum dieses Prospekts 
begeben wurden, müssen die Anleihebedingungen der Tranchen in jeder Hinsicht identisch sein, können aber 
unterschiedliche Begebungstage, Verzinsungsbeginne, Ausgabepreise und erste Zinszahlungstage haben.

--- Page 165 ---
165
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to 
paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich 
auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Anleihebedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were 
inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to 
items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or not completed or which are deleted shall be 
deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the "Conditions"). 
Die 
Leerstellen 
in 
den 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Anleihebedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Anleihebedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in 
den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Anleihebedingungen (die "Bedingungen") gestrichen. 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM, CERTAIN DEFINITIONS (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM, DEFINITIONEN (§ 1) 
Currency and Denomination 
Währung und Stückelung 
Specified Currency 
[        ] 
Festgelegte Währung 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount 
[        ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
[        ] 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
Specified Denomination(15) 
[        ] 
Festgelegte Stückelung 
 Permanent Global Note (TEFRA C and/or Notes kept in custody by or on behalf of CDS) 
Dauerglobalurkunde (TEFRA C und/oder Schuldverschreibungen, die von oder für CDS 
verwahrt werden) 
 Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note (TEFRA D) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde (TEFRA D) 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 Clearstream Banking AG 
 Clearstream Banking S.A. 
 Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 CDS & Co., as nominee for CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. 
CDS & Co., als Beauftragte für CDS Clearing and Depository Services Inc. 
Global Note(16) 
Globalurkunde 
 Classical Global Note 
 New Global Note 
                                                 
(15) The minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount 
in such other currency nearly equivalent to EUR 1,000 at the time of the issue of the Notes.  
Die Mindeststückelung der Schuldverschreibungen beträgt EUR 1.000, bzw., falls die Schuldverschreibungen in einer 
anderen Währung als Euro begeben werden, einem Betrag in dieser anderen Währung, der zur Zeit der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen annähernd dem Gegenwert von EUR 1.000 entspricht. 
(16)  Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 166 ---
166
INTEREST (§ 3)  
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 Fixed Rate Notes (Option I [A][B][C][D][E][F][G][H](17)) 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I [A][B][C][D][E][F][G][H]) 
 
 single Rate of Interest during term 
einheitlicher Zinssatz während der Laufzeit 
Rate of Interest 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
Zinssatz 
[        ]% per annum 
 
 
 
 
[ [   ] to [   ]] 
 
 
 
 
[ [   ] bis [   ]] 
 
 different Rates of Interest during term 
verschiedene Zinssätze während der Laufzeit 
from (and including) 
vom (einschließlich) 
[specified dates] 
[Daten] 
to (but excluding) 
bis (ausschließlich) 
[specified dates] 
[Daten] 
per cent. per annum 
% per annum 
[specified rates] 
[Zinssätze] 
Interest Commencement Date 
[        ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
Fixed Interest Date(s) 
[        ] 
Festzinstermin(e) 
First Interest Payment Date 
[        ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
 Initial Broken Amount per Specified Denomination 
[        ] 
Anfänglicher Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegter Stückelung 
 Fixed Interest Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[        ] 
Festzinstermin, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
 Final Broken Amount per Specified Denomination 
[        ] 
Abschließender Bruchteilzinsbetrag je festgelegter Stückelung 
 Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
Interest Commencement Date 
[        ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn  
 Specified Interest Payment Dates 
[        ] 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
 Specified Interest Period(s) 
[number] [weeks][months] 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n) 
[Zahl] [Wochen][Monate] 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte-Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
                                                 
(17) 
Insert "A", "B", "C", "D", "E", "F", "G" or "H", as applicable, in the case of an increase of an issue of Notes which were 
originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus. 
"A", "B", "C", "D", "E", "F", "G" oder "H", soweit anwendbar, einfügen im Fall der Aufstockung einer Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die ursprünglich vor dem Datum dieses Prospekts begeben wurde.

--- Page 167 ---
167
 FRN Convention (specify period(s)) 
[number] months 
FRN Konvention (Zeitraum angeben) 
[Zahl] Monate 
 Following Business Day Convention 
Folgender-Geschäftstag-Konvention 
Business Day 
Geschäftstag 
 Relevant financial centre(s) 
[        ] 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
 TARGET 
TARGET 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 EURIBOR 
EURIBOR 
 LIBOR 
Interest Determination Date [first] [second] London [other financial centre] Business Day 
 
[prior to commencement] of Interest Period 
LIBOR 
Zinsfestlegungstag [erster] [zweiter] Londoner [anderes Finanzzentrum] Geschäftstag 
 
[vor Beginn] der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
Screen page 
[LIBOR01][LIBOR02] 
Bildschirmseite 
[LIBOR01][LIBOR02] 
Margin 
[        ] per cent. per annum 
Marge 
[        ] % per annum 
 plus 
Plus 
 minus 
Minus 
Day Count Fraction(18) 
Zinstagequotient 
 Actual/Actual (ICMA Rule 251) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA Regelung 251) 
 annual interest payment (excluding the case of short or long coupons) 
jährliche Zinszahlung (ausschließlich des Falls von kurzen oder langen Kupons) 
 annual interest payment (including the case of short coupons) 
jährliche Zinszahlung (einschließlich des Falls von kurzen Kupons) 
 two or more constant interest periods within an interest year (including the case of short coupons) 
zwei oder mehr gleichbleibende Zinsperioden (einschließlich des Falls von kurzen Kupons) 
 calculation period is longer than one reference period (long coupon) 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum ist länger als eine Bezugsperiode (langer Kupon) 
 reference period 
Bezugsperiode 
Deemed Interest Payment Date 
[        ] 
Fiktiver Zinszahlungstag 
 Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 Actual/360 
 30/360 or 360/360 or Bond Basis 
 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis 
                                                 
(18) 
Complete for all Notes. 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 168 ---
168
PAYMENTS (§ 4)(19) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
Payment Business Day 
Zahlungstag 
 Relevant financial centre(s) 
[        ] 
Relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en) 
 TARGET 
TARGET 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 Maturity Date(20) 
[        ] 
Fälligkeitstag 
 Redemption Month(21) 
[        ] 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
Early Redemption 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
Early Redemption for Reasons of a Change of Control 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung aufgrund eines Kontrollwechsels 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Specified Call Redemption Amount(s)(22) 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zu festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungs- 
betrag/-beträgen (Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
 Specified Call Redemption Date(s)  
festgelegte Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Call) 
[        ] 
 Specified Call Redemption Amount(s) 
[        ] 
festgelegte Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Call) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Early Redemption Amount(23) 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zum Vorzeitigen Rückzahlungsbetrag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer at Specified Call Redemption Amount(24) 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin zu festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen 
(Call) 
[Ja/Nein] 
 Interest payment date [number] years after the Interest Commencement Date 
and each Interest Payment Date thereafter 
Zinszahlungstag [Zahl] Jahre nach dem Verzinsungsbeginn und an jedem  
darauf folgenden Zinszahlungstag 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder at Specified Put Redemption Amount(s)(25) 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers zu festgelegtem(n) Wahlrückzahlungs- 
betrag/-beträgen (Put) 
[Ja/Nein] 
                                                 
(19) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(20) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(21) 
Complete for floating rate Notes. 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(22) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(23) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(24) 
Complete for floating rate Notes. 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(25) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 169 ---
169
 Put Redemption Date(s) 
[        ] 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
 Put Redemption Amount(s) 
[        ] 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag/-beträge (Put) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity(26) [Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin wegen Fehlender Konvertierbarkeit, 
[Ja/Nein] 
Fehlender Übertragbarkeit oder Illiquidität 
Purchase; Early Redemption at the option of the Issuer for Reason of Minimal 
Outstanding Amount 
[Yes/No] 
Rückkauf; Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei 
geringem ausstehendem Nennbetrag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon publication of a Transaction Trigger Notice(27) [Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin nach Veröffentlichung einer  
[Ja/Nein] 
Transaktions-Mitteilung 
Trigger Call Redemption Amount 
[  ] 
Ereignis-Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
Transaction Trigger Event Period 
from [issue date] to [date end of period] 
Transaktionsauslösende Ereignisfrist  
 
  
 
 
vom [Begebungstag] bis zum [Datum Ende des Zeitraums] 
Description of transaction in respect of which the Notes are issued for  
 
refinancing purposes or in relation to which the occurence of a 
Transaction Trigger Event shall give rise to the redemption right 
[specify details] 
Beschreibung der Transaktion bezüglich derer die 
 
Schuldverschreibungen zu Finanzierungszwecken begeben wurden oder 
in Bezug auf die das Eintreten eines Transaktionsauslösenden 
Ereignisses das Kündigungsrecht auslöst 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Transaction Trigger Event 
[specify details] 
Transaktionsauslösendes Ereignis 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Early Redemption Amount(28) 
Vorzeitiger Rückzahlungsbetrag 
 Higher of Final Redemption Amount and Present Value
Rückzahlungsbetrag, oder falls höher, abgezinster Marktwert 
Comparable Benchmark Yield of corresponding  
plus [percentage] per cent. 
Vergleichbare Benchmark Rendite der entsprechenden  
zuzüglich [Prozentsatz]% 
 euro denominated benchmark debt security of the Federal Republic of Germany  
Euro-Referenz-Anleihe der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
 UK government Sterling denominated benchmark debt security issued by HM Treasury 
durch HM Treasury begebenen Sterling-Referenzanleihe des Vereinigten Königreichs 
 Swiss franc denominated benchmark federal bond of the Swiss Confederation 
Schweizer Franken-Referenz-Bundesanleihe der Schweizerischen Eidgenossenschaft 
 U.S. dollar denominated benchmark U.S. Treasury debt security 
Referenz-U.S. Staatsanleihe (US Treasury debt security) in U.S. Dollar 
THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] THE PAYING AGENT [AND THE CALCULATION AGENT] (§ 6) 
DER FISCAL AGENT[,] [UND] DIE ZAHLSTELLE [UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE] (§ 6) 
                                                 
(26) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes denominated in Renminbi. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen, die auf Renminbi lauten. 
(27) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
(28) 
Complete for fixed rate Notes. 
 
Für fest verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 170 ---
170
Fiscal and Paying Agent 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft] [        ] 
Fiscal Agent und Zahlstelle 
[Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft] [        ] 
Calculation Agent 
[Not applicable][        ] 
Berechnungsstelle 
[Nicht anwendbar][        ] 
AMENDMENT OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE[, AMENDMENT 
OF THE GUARANTEE] (§ 11) 
ÄNDERUNG DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER[, ÄNDERUNG DER 
GARANTIE] (§ 11) 
 Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed by Holders and not in the Terms and 
Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch Beschluss der Gläubiger und nicht in 
den Anleihebedingungen 
 Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Terms and Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den Anleihebedingungen 
Name and address of the Holders' Representative  
 
[specify details] 
Name und Anschrift des gemeinsamen Vertreters  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
NOTICES (§ 13) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 13) 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) 
Internetseite der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse (www.bourse.lu) 
 Clearing System 
Clearing System 
LANGUAGE OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS (§ 15)(29) 
SPRACHE DER ANLEIHEBEDINGUNGEN (§ 15) 
 German and English (German controlling) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 English and German (English controlling) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 English only 
Ausschließlich Englisch 
 German only(30) 
Ausschließlich Deutsch] 
                                                 
(29) To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that, subject to any stock exchange or legal 
requirements applicable from time to time, and unless otherwise agreed, in the case of Notes in bearer form publicly 
offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic of Germany, or distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified 
investors in the Federal Republic of Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer 
or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German language 
translation of the Conditions will be available at the principal office of BASF SE. 
 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es wird erwartet, dass vorbehaltlich geltender Börsen- oder anderer 
Bestimmungen und soweit nicht anders vereinbart, die deutsche Sprache für Inhaberschuldverschreibungen maßgeblich 
sein wird, die insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum Verkauf in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland angeboten oder an 
nicht qualifizierte Anleger in der Bundesrepublik Deutschland verkauft werden, wird. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen 
Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an nicht qualifizierte Anleger die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird 
eine deutschsprachige Übersetzung der Bedingungen bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der BASF SE erhältlich sein. 
(30) Use only in the case of Notes not publicly offered and/or not intended to be listed on any regulated market within the 
European Economic Area. 
Nur im Fall Schuldverschreibungen zu nutzen, die nicht öffentlich angeboten und nicht an einem geregelten Markt 
innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden sollen.

--- Page 171 ---
171
Part II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION(31) 
Teil II.: ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
A. Essential information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, 
die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
 
 So far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer, except that certain Dealers and their  
affiliates may be customers of, and borrowers from the Issuer and  
its affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have  
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or  
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for  
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin bestehen bei den an der Emission  
beteiligten Personen keine Interessen, die für das Angebot 
bedeutsam sind, außer, dass bestimmte Platzeure und mit ihnen 
verbundene Unternehmen Kunden von und Kreditnehmer der 
Emittentin und mit ihr verbundener Unternehmen sein können. 
Außerdem sind bestimmte Platzeure an Investment Banking- 
Transaktionen und/oder Commercial Banking-Transaktionen mit 
der Emittentin beteiligt, oder könnten sich in Zukunft daran beteiligen, 
und könnten im gewöhnlichen Geschäftsverkehr Dienstleistungen 
für die Emittentin und mit ihr verbundene Unternehmen erbringen. 
 Other interest (specify) 
[Specify details] 
Andere Interessen (angeben) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds 
 
Gründe für das Angebot und Verwendung der Erträge 
 
Reasons for the offer to the public or for the admission to trading(32) 
[Specify details] 
Gründe für das öffentliche Angebot oder die Zulassung zum Handel 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Use of proceeds(33) 
[Specify details] 
 
Zweckbestimmung der Erlöse 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Estimated net proceeds(34) 
[        ] 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erlöse 
Estimated total expenses of the issue(35) 
[        ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission 
                                                 
(31) There is no obligation to complete Part II. of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination 
of at least EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be listed on any 
regulated market within the European Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II. der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung vollständig auszufüllen, sofern 
diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum 
Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin auszufüllen. 
(32) Not 
to 
be 
completed 
in 
case 
of 
Notes 
with 
a 
Specified 
Denomination 
of 
at 
least 
EUR 100,000. 
Nicht auszufüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
(33) See paragraph "Use of Proceeds" in the Prospectus. If reasons for the offer or use of proceeds are different from general 
financing purposes of the BASF Group, include those reasons here. 
 
Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Prospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot oder die Verwendung der Erträge 
nicht in allgemeinen Finanzierungszwecken der BASF-Gruppe bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. 
(34) If proceeds are intended for more than one principal use, will need to split up and present in order of priority.Not to be 
completed 
in 
case 
of 
Notes 
with 
a 
Specified 
Denomiation 
of 
at 
least 
EUR 
100,000.  
Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene wichtige Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach 
der Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. Nicht auszufüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
(35) Not to be completed in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht auszufüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 172 ---
172
B. Information concerning the securities to be offered /admitted to trading 
 
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel zuzulassenden Wertpapiere 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
Common Code 
[        ] 
Common Code 
International Security Identification Number (ISIN) 
[        ] 
Internationale Wertpapier-Identifikationsummer (ISIN) 
German Securities Code 
[        ] 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer (WKN) 
Any other securities number 
[        ] 
Sonstige Wertpapierkennnummer 
Eurosystem eligibility(36) 
EZB-Fähigkeit 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes/No] 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden 
[Ja/Nein] 
[Note that the designation "yes" in the case of an NGN means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
in the case of an NGN may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
[Es wird darauf hingewiesen, dass "ja" im Fall einer NGN hier lediglich bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach ihrer Begebung bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer 
verwahrt werden; es bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschreibungen bei ihrer 
Begebung, zu irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit oder während ihrer gesamten Laufzeit als 
zulässige Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik oder für Innertageskredite des Eurosystems 
anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung ist abhängig davon, ob die Zulassungskriterien des 
Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
[Auch wenn die Bezeichnung mit Datum dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen "nein" lautet, sollten die 
Zulassungskriterien 
des 
Eurosystems 
sich 
zukünftig 
dergestalt 
ändern, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen diese erfüllen können, könnten die Schuldverschreibungen im Fall einer NGN 
dann bei einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamen Verwahrer verwahrt werden. Es wird darauf hingewiesen, 
dass dies jedoch nicht notwendigerweise bedeutet, dass die Schuldverschreibungen dann zu 
irgendeinem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Laufzeit als zulässige Sicherheiten für die Zwecke der Geldpolitik 
oder für Innertageskredite des Eurosystems anerkannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung ist abhängig 
davon, ob die Zulassungskriterien des Eurosystems erfüllt sind.] 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as volatility(37) 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
Details of historic [EURIBOR][LIBOR] rates  
and the future performance as well as their volatility  
can be obtained (not free of charge)  
by electronic means from 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01][LIBOR01][LIBOR02]][Not applicable] 
                                                 
(36)  Select "Yes" if the Notes are in NGN form and are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper or if the 
Notes are in CGN form and to be kept in custody by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. Select "No" if the Notes are in 
NGN form and are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper.  
"Ja" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und von einem ICSD als common safekeeper 
gehalten werden sollen oder falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben und von Clearstream Banking 
AG, Frankfurt gehalten werden sollen. "Nein" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und 
vom common service provider als common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen.

--- Page 173 ---
173
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen [EURIBOR][LIBOR] Sätzen 
und Informationen über künftige Wertentwicklungen sowie ihre Volatilität 
können (nicht kostenfrei) 
auf elektronischem Weg abgerufen werden  
unter 
[Reuters [EURIBOR01][LIBOR01][LIBOR02]][Nicht anwendbar] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption events  
[Not applicable][Please see 
that effect the [EURIBOR][LIBOR] rates 
§ 3 of the Terms and Conditions] 
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des Marktes oder  
[Nicht anwendbar][Bitte siehe 
der Abrechnung bewirken und die [EURIBOR][LIBOR] Sätze beeinflussen  
§ 3 der Anleihebedingungen] 
Yield to final maturity(38) 
[        ] per cent. 
Rendite bei Endfälligkeit 
[        ]% 
Representation of debt security holders including an identification 
of the organization representing the investors and provisions applying  
to such representation. Indication of the website where the public may have  
free access to the contracts relation to these forms of representation(39) 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die  
Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der für diese Vertretung  
geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe der Webseite, auf der die  
Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen regeln,  
kostenlos einsehen kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Resolutions, authorizations and approvals by virtue 
of which the Notes will be created 
[Specify details] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche die 
Grundlage für die Schaffung der Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
If different from the issuer, the identity and contact details of the offeror  
of the Notes and/or the person asking for admission to trading,  
including the legal entity identifier (LEI), if any 
[Specify details] 
Sofern Anbieter und Emittent nicht identisch sind, Angabe der Identität,  
der Kontaktdaten des Anbieters der Schuldtitel  
und/oder der die Zulassung zum Handel beantragenden Person  
einschließlich der Rechtsträgerkennung (LEI), wenn vorhanden. 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C. 
Terms and conditions of the offer of Notes to the public(40) 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des öffentlichen Angebots  
von Schuldverschreibungen 
C.1 Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and actions required to apply  
for the offer 
[Not applicable] 
Bedingungen, Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und erforderliche Maßnahmen  
für die Antragstellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject  
[Specify details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Time period, including any possible amendments, 
during which the offer will be open and description of the application process 
[Specify details] 
Frist – einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – 
innerhalb derer das Angebot gilt und Beschreibung des Antragsverfahrens 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner  
for refunding amounts paid in excess by applicants 
[Specify details] 
                                                                                                                                                       
(37) Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer 
festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
(38) Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. 
(39) Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 11 of the Conditions. 
Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einfügen, dass § 11 der Bedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt. 
(40) Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 174 ---
174
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeichnungen und  
der Art und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of the application (whether in  
number of notes or aggregate amount to invest)  
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der Zeichnung entweder in  
Form der Anzahl der Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten zu  
investierenden Betrags) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method and time limits for paying up the notes and for delivery of the notes 
[Specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Bedienung der Wertpapiere und ihre Lieferung 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public 
[Specify details] 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergebnisse des Angebots  
offen zu legen sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability  
of subscription rights and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised. 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, die Marktfähigkeit  
der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behandlung der nicht ausgeübten  
Zeichnungsrechte 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.2 
Plan of distribution and allotment(41) 
[Not applicable] 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren Zuteilung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
If the Offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of two or more  
countries and if a tranche has been or is being reserved for certain  
of these, indicate such tranche 
[Specify details] 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zweier oder mehrerer  
Länder und wurde/ wird eine bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte  
vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Tranche 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount allotted and 
an indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung gegenüber den Zeichnern über den  
zugeteilten Betrag und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor  
der Meldung möglich ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.3 
Pricing(42) 
[Not applicable] 
Kursfeststellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered 
[Specify details] 
Preis, zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich  
angeboten werden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber / purchaser 
[Specify details] 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung gestellt  
werden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.4 
Placing and underwriting(43) 
Platzierung und Emission 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global offer and of  
single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the  
offeror, or the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place 
[        ] 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinator/der Koordinatoren des globalen  
Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots – sofern der Emittentin  
oder dem Anbieter bekannt – in den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots 
                                                 
(41) Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen. 
(42) Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen. 
(43) Complete with respect to a public offer of Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 
auszufüllen.

--- Page 175 ---
175
Method of distribution 
Vertriebsmethode 
 Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
Subscription Agreement 
Übernahmevertrag 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
[        ] 
Datum des Übernahmevertrages  
Material features of the Subscription Agreement 
[        ] 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages 
Management Details including form of commitment(44)  
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der Übernahme 
Dealer / Management Group (specify) 
[        ] 
Platzeur / Bankenkonsortium (angeben) 
 Firm commitment 
[        ] 
Feste Zusage 
 No firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
[        ] 
Ohne feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
Commissions(45) 
Provisionen 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
[        ] 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
Selling Concession (specify) 
[        ] 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors(46) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an EWR- Privatanleger 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors(47) 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
Verbot des Verkaufs an UK- Privatanleger 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilizing Dealer(s)/Manager(s) 
[None] [Specify details] 
Kursstabilisierende(r) Platzeur(e)/Manager 
[Keiner] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
D. Listing and admission to trading 
[Yes/No] 
 
Börsenzulassung und Notierungsaufnahme 
[Ja/Nein] 
 Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Geregelter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 Professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Professionelles Segment des Geregelten Marktes der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
Date of admission 
[        ] 
Datum der Zulassung 
                                                 
(44) Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
(45) To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin auszuführen. 
(46) Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to PRIIPs Regulation and no key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA. 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung 
einzuordnen sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt im EWR erstellt wird. 
(47) Specify "Applicable" if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to PRIIPs Regulation and no key 
information document will be prepared. 
"Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordnung 
einzuordnen sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird.

--- Page 176 ---
176
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading(48) 
[        ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
All regulated markets or third country markets, SME Growth Market or MTFs 
on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the same class of the notes  
to be offered to the public or admitted 
to trading are already admitted to trading(49)  
Angabe sämtlicher geregelter Märkte oder Märkte in Drittstaaten, 
KMU-Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, 
auf denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen 
der gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, die öffentlich angeboten oder zum Handel  
zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind 
 Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Geregelter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 Professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Professionelles Segment des Geregelten Marktes der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
Issue Price 
[        ] per cent. 
Ausgabepreis 
[        ]% 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and description 
of the main terms of their commitment 
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen 
Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und 
Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, 
und Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der 
Zusagevereinbarung 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
E. Additional Information 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
Rating(50) 
[        ] 
Rating 
[Specify whether the relevant rating agency is established in the European Community and is registered or 
has applied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of September 16, 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended, (the "CRA Regulation"). 
The 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
publishes 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) a list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days following 
the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall 
publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such 
update.] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat 
und gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 
16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen, in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, (die "Ratingagentur-
Verordnung") registriert ist oder die Registrierung beantragt hat. 
Die Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde ("ESMA") veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) ein Verzeichnis der nach der 
Ratingagentur-Verordnung registrierten Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird innerhalb von fünf 
Werktagen nach Annahme eines Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingagentur-
                                                 
(48) Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
(49) In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for Notes 
with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die 
ursprünglichen 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bereits 
zum 
Handel 
zugelassen 
sind. 
Nicht 
erforderlich 
bei 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
(50) Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis. Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has been previously published by the rating provider. 
 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt. Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeutung des 
Ratings einfügen, wenn dieses unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde.

--- Page 177 ---
177
Verordnung aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im 
Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der Aktualisierung.] 
[Listing and admission to trading:(51) 
Börsenzulassung und Notierungsaufnahme: 
The above Final Terms comprise the details required for admittance to trading and to list this issue of 
Notes (as from [insert Issue Date for the Notes]) pursuant to the EUR 20,000,000,000 Debt Issuance 
Program of BASF SE and BASF Finance Europe N.V. 
 
Die vorstehenden Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten die Angaben, die für die Zulassung und 
Notierungsaufnahme dieser Emission von Schuldverschreibungen gemäß dem EUR 20.000.000.000 Debt 
Issuance Program der BASF SE und der BASF Finance Europe N.V. (ab dem [Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen einfügen]) erforderlich sind.] 
F. Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for 
drawing up the Prospectus 
Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung des Emittenten oder der für die 
Erstellung des Prospekts zuständigen Person 
Offer period during which subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes  
by Dealers and/or further financial intermediaries can be made  
[Not applicable] [Specify details] 
Angebotsfrist, während derer die spätere Weiterveräußerung  
oder endgültige Platzierung von Wertpapieren durch die Platzeure oder  
weitere Finanzintermediäre erfolgen kann 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
INFORMATIONEN VON SEITEN DRITTER 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer 
confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and 
is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the 
omission of which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer 
has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof.  
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt 
Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind 
und – soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten 
Informationen ableiten konnte – keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten 
Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen 
nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit.] 
[BASF SE 
(as Issuer) 
(als Emittentin)] 
 
 
[BASF Finance Europe N.V. 
(as Issuer) 
(als Emittentin)] 
 
 
 
                                                 
(51) Include only in the version of the Final Terms which is submitted to the relevant stock exchange in the case of Notes to 
be listed on such stock exchange.  
Nur in derjenigen Fassung der Endgültigen Bedingungen einfügen, die der betreffenden Börse, bei der die 
Schuldverschreibungen zugelassen werden sollen, vorgelegt werden.

--- Page 178 ---
178
DESCRIPTION OF RULES REGARDING RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS 
The Terms and Conditions pertaining to a certain issue of Notes provide that the Holders may agree to 
amendments or decide on other matters relating to the Notes by way of resolution to be passed in a 
meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) or by taking votes without a meeting. Any such resolution duly adopted 
by resolution of the Holders shall be binding on each Holder of the respective issue of Notes, irrespective 
of whether such Holder took part in the vote and whether such Holder voted in favor of or against such 
resolution. 
In addition to the provisions included in the Terms and Conditions of a particular issue of Notes, the rules 
regarding 
resolutions 
of 
Holders 
contained 
in 
the 
German 
Act 
on 
Debt 
Securities 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz aus Gesamtemissionen – "SchVG") are applicable. Under the SchVG, 
these rules are largely mandatory, although they permit in limited circumstances supplementary provisions 
set out in or incorporated into the Terms and Conditions. 
Resolutions of the Holders with respect to the Notes can be passed in a meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) 
in accordance with § 5 et seqq. SchVG or by way of a vote without a meeting pursuant to § 18 and § 9 et 
seqq. SchVG (Abstimmung ohne Versammlung). 
The following is a brief summary of some of the statutory rules regarding the convening and conduct of 
meetings of Holders and the taking of votes without meetings, the passing and publication of resolutions 
as well as their implementation and challenge before German courts. 
Rules regarding Holders' Meetings  
Meetings of Holders may be convened by the Issuer or the Holders' Representative, if any. Meetings of 
Holders must be convened if one or more Holders holding 5% or more of the outstanding Notes so require 
for specified reasons permitted by statute. 
Meetings may be convened not less than 14 days prior to the date of the meeting. The Terms and 
Conditions may provide that attendance and exercise of voting rights at the meeting may be made subject 
to prior registration of Holders. The Terms and Conditions will indicate what proof will be required for 
attendance and voting at the meeting. The place of the meeting in respect of a German issuer is the place 
of the issuer's registered office, provided, however, that where the relevant Notes are listed on a stock 
exchange within the European Union or the European Economic Area, the meeting may be held at the 
place of such stock exchange. 
The convening notice shall be made publicly available together with the agenda of the meeting setting out 
the proposals for resolution. 
Each Holder may be represented by proxy. A quorum exists if Holders' representing by value not less than 
50% of the outstanding Notes. If the quorum is not reached, a second meeting may be called at which no 
quorum will be required, provided that where a resolution may only be adopted by a qualified majority, a 
quorum requires the presence of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes. 
All resolutions adopted must be properly published. In the case of Notes represented by one or more 
Global Notes, resolutions which amend or supplement the Terms and Conditions have to be implemented 
by supplementing or amending the relevant Global Note(s). 
In insolvency proceedings instituted in Germany against an Issuer, a Holders' Representative, if 
appointed, is obliged and exclusively entitled to assert the Holders' rights under the Notes. Any resolutions 
passed by the Holders are subject to the provisions of the German Insolvency Code (Insolvenzordnung). 
If a resolution constitutes a breach of the statute or the Terms and Conditions, Holders may bring an 
action to set aside such resolution. Such action must be filed with the competent court within one month 
following the publication of the resolution. 
Specific Rules regarding Votes without Meeting 
In the case of resolutions to be passed by Holders without a meeting, the rules applicable to Holders' 
Meetings apply mutatis mutandis to any taking of votes by Holders without a meeting, subject to certain 
special provisions. The following summarizes such special rules. 
The voting shall be conducted by the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such person shall be (i) a 
notary public appointed by the Issuer, (ii) where a common representative of the Holders (the "Holders' 
Representative") has been appointed, the Holders' Representative if the vote was solicited by the 
Holders' Representative, or (iii) a person appointed by the competent court.

--- Page 179 ---
179
The notice soliciting the Holders' votes shall set out the period within which votes may be cast. During 
such voting period, the Holders may cast their votes to the person presiding over the taking of votes. Such 
notice shall also set out in detail the conditions to be met for the votes to be valid. 
The person presiding over the taking of votes shall ascertain each Holder's entitlement to cast a vote 
based on evidence provided by such Holder and shall prepare a list of the Holders entitled to vote. If it is 
established that no quorum exists, the person presiding over the taking of votes may convene a meeting of 
the Holders. Within one year following the end of the voting period, each Holder participating in the vote 
may request a copy of the minutes of such vote and any annexes thereto from the Issuer. 
Each Holder participating in the vote may object in writing to the result of the vote within two weeks 
following the publication of the resolutions passed. The objection shall be decided upon by the person 
presiding over the taking of votes. If he remedies the objection, the person presiding over the taking of 
votes shall promptly publish the result. If the person presiding over the taking of votes does not remedy the 
objection, he shall promptly inform the objecting Holder in writing. 
The Issuer shall bear the costs of the vote and, if the court has convened a meeting, also the costs of such 
proceedings.

--- Page 180 ---
180
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by BASF will be used for general corporate purposes unless 
stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. The net proceeds from each issue of Notes by BASF 
Finance will only be lent to or invested in companies belonging to the same group of companies to which 
BASF Finance belongs.

--- Page 181 ---
181
TAXATION WARNING 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE MEMBER STATE OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES, 
THE ISSUER'S AND/OR THE GUARANTOR'S COUNTRIES OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN 
IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES 
ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF 
THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY 
STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, UNDER THE TAX LAWS APPLICABLE IN GERMANY, THE 
NETHERLANDS, THE GRAND DUCHY OF LUXEMBOURG, THE REPUBLIC OF IRELAND, THE 
REPUBLIC OF AUSTRIA AND EACH COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR OTHERWISE 
SUBJECT TO TAXATION.

--- Page 182 ---
182
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Dealers have entered into an amended and restated dealer agreement dated September 10, 2021 
(the "Dealer Agreement") as a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. 
1. General 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or 
in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor (if 
BASF Finance is the Issuer) nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
2. United States of America (the "United States") 
(a) Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer 
has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Note 
constituting part of its allotment within the United States except in accordance with Rule 903 of 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. Accordingly, each Dealer further has represented and agreed 
that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage 
in any directed selling efforts with respect to a Note. 
(b) From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to make 
the representation set forth in Clause 4(1)(o)(i) of the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer (i) acknowledges 
that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act; (ii) has represented and agreed that it has not offered 
and sold any Notes, and will not offer and sell any Notes, (x) as part of its distribution at any time and 
(y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and closing date, only in 
accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act; and accordingly, (iii) has further 
represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have 
engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it and they have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) has also 
agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer 
or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during 
the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903 (b)(2)(iii) (i) as part of its 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the 
offering and the closing date, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
(c) Each Dealer who has purchased Notes of a Tranche hereunder (or in the case of a sale of a Tranche 
of Notes issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the Notes of such 
Tranche purchased by or through it or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the relevant Lead Manager) 
shall determine and notify to the Fiscal Agent the completion of the distribution of the Notes of such 
Tranche. 
 
Terms used in this paragraph 2 have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
(d) Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual 
arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the 
prior written consent of the Issuer. 
(e) Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules"), or in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury Regulation 
§ 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules"), (or any successor rules in substantially the same form as the C 
Rules or D Rules, as applicable, for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code) as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 183 ---
183
Where the C Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche of 
Notes, Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in 
connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered 
sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Notes within the United States or 
its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed in connection with the original issuance of Notes, that it has not communicated, and will not 
communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such Dealer or purchaser is 
within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office in the offer or 
sale of Notes. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
In addition, in respect of Notes issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed that: 
 
(i) except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person, and (ii) such Dealer has not delivered and will not deliver 
within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
 
(ii) it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that such 
Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
 
(iii) if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of 
resale in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains Notes for its own 
account, it will only do so in accordance with the D Rules; and 
 
(iv) with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering or 
selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats and confirms the 
representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) on such affiliate's behalf or 
(y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations and 
agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii). 
 
Terms used in this paragraph (e) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
and regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
3. European Economic Area  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Program will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Member State"), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that 
Member State:

--- Page 184 ---
184
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-exempt 
Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been 
approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in 
another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that 
any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such 
Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer;  
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. 
4. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("United Kingdom") 
 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other 
than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a 
prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct 
Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in 
accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) 
(EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed

--- Page 185 ---
185
by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(i) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended ("FSMA")) received by 
it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(ii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
5. Japan 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Law"). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used 
herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the 
laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, any resident of Japan except only pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law and any applicable laws, 
regulations and guidelines of Japan. 
6. Republic of Italy 
Unless specified in the relevant Final Terms that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in Italy, the offering of 
the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB) 
pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor 
may copies of the Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the 
Republic of Italy, except:  
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and any applicable 
provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the "Financial 
Services Act") and/or Italian CONSOB regulations; or  
(b) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
1999, as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws.

--- Page 186 ---
186
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (a) or (b) above must:  
(i) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time), Legislative Decree No. 385 of 
1 September 1993, as amended (the "Italian Banking Act"), and any other applicable laws and 
regulations; and  
(ii) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the 
Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of 
the Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from 
time to time) and/or any other Italian authority.  
Investors should also note that, in connection with the subsequent distribution of the Notes (with a 
minimum denomination lower than € 100,000 or its equivalent in another currency) in the Republic of Italy, 
in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption from the rules on 
public offerings applies under paragraph (a) or (b) above, the subsequent distribution of the Notes on the 
secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the prospectus 
requirement rules provided under the Prospectus Regulation and the applicable Italian laws and 
regulation. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared null and 
void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the Notes for any damages suffered by investors. 
7. 
Switzerland 
Unless stated otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, (a) each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will 
not, directly or indirectly, in or into Switzerland (i) offer, sell, or advertise the Notes, or (ii) distribute or 
otherwise make available this Prospectus or any other document relating to the Notes, in a way that would 
constitute a public offering within the meaning article 35 of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the "FinSA"), 
except under the following exemptions under the FinSA: (y) to any investor that qualifies as a professional 
client within the meaning of the FinSA, or (z) in any other circumstances falling within article 36 of the 
FinSA, provided, in each case, that no such offer of Notes referred to in (y) and (z) above shall require the 
publication of a prospectus for offers of Notes pursuant to the FinSA, and (b) each Dealer has 
acknowledged and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge and agree, that neither this Prospectus nor any other document related to the Notes 
constitutes (i) a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to article 35 of the FinSA and the 
implementing ordinance to the FinSA, or (ii) a key information document within the meaning of article 58 of 
the FinSA (if and when entered into force). 
8. 
Republic of Singapore ("Singapore") 
The Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase, nor may the Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or 
sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Notes may not be circulated or distributed, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore, 
as amended or modified (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; 
(b) 
to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA and where applicable in accordance with the 
conditions in Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018; 
or 
(c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of 
the SFA.

--- Page 187 ---
187
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in the SFA)) the sole business of 
which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivatives contracts (as defined in 
Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) 
in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the 
Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA, except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to 
in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; or 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Product classification requirements in Singapore: The Notes are prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 188 ---
188
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Application has been made to the Commission, which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the 
purpose of the Prospectus Regulation for its approval of this Prospectus.  
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Except as discussed in the relevant Final Terms, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be 
customers of, borrowers from or creditors of BASF, BASF Finance and its affiliates. In addition, certain 
Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for BASF, BASF Finance and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the sector 
in which BASF, BASF Finance and its affiliates operate, and for which such Dealers have received or may 
receive customary fees, commissions, reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Certain of the 
Dealers may also have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, 
investor clients, or a principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading 
activities. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and commissions for these 
transactions. 
Furthermore, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans and issuance of financial instruments linked to 
the financial instruments of the Issuers and/or the Issuers' affiliates) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuers or Issuers' affiliates. The Dealers and/or their affiliates may receive allocations 
of the Notes (subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future trading of the Notes. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuers consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, 
such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions, which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Program. Any such short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Notes issued under the Program. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such 
securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Authorization 
The Board of Executive Directors of BASF (Vorstand) has authorized the establishment of the Program by 
a resolution on August 21, 2007. Each issue of Notes under the Program has to be authorized by 
resolution of the board of executive directors of BASF. 
The Board of Managing Directors of BASF Finance has authorized the establishment of the Program by 
resolution on September 5, 2007. Each issue of Notes under the Program has to be authorized by 
resolution of the Board of Managing Directors of BASF Finance, which in turn has to be approved by a 
resolution of the general meeting of shareholders of BASF Finance. 
The increase of the program amount has been authorized by the Board of Executive Directors of BASF 
(Vorstand) by a resolution on August 14, 2009 and by the Board of Managing Directors of BASF Finance 
by a resolution on September 1, 2009. 
The increase of the program amount has been authorized by the Board of Executive Directors of BASF 
(Vorstand) by a resolution on July 15, 2014 and by the Board of Managing Directors of BASF Finance by a 
resolution on September 15, 2014.  
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Prospectus to 
be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on the professional segment of the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 189 ---
189
Clearing Systems 
Notes will be accepted for clearing through one or more Clearing Systems as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. These systems will comprise those operated by Clearstream Banking AG, Neue Börsenstr. 1, 
60487 Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany ("CBF"), Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue 
JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("CBL"), Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium ("Euroclear") and CDS & Co., as nominee for CDS Clearing and 
Depository Services Inc. The appropriate German securities number ("WKN") (if any), Common Code and 
International Security Identification Number (ISIN) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by CBF, CBL and 
Euroclear will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Documents Available 
The 
following 
documents 
are 
available 
in 
electronic 
form 
on 
the 
website 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors.html and copies of the following documents will, when published, 
also be available free of charge during normal business hours from the registered office of the relevant 
Issuer and from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent for the time being in Frankfurt am Main: 
(i) the constitutional documents (with an English translation where applicable) of each of the Issuers; 
(ii) the audited consolidated annual financial statements of BASF Group in respect of the financial years 
ended 2020 and 2019 and the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of BASF Group for 
the half-year as of June 30, 2021; 
(iii) the audited unconsolidated annual financial statements of BASF in respect of the financial years 
ended 2020 and 2019; 
(iv) the audited annual financial statements of BASF Finance in respect of the financial years ended 2020 
and 2019 and the unaudited interim financial statements of BASF Finance for the half-year as of June 
30, 2021; 
(v) copies of this Prospectus, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 14, 2012, the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 11, 2013, the Debt Issuance Program 
Prospectus dated September 16, 2014, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 12, 
2016, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 11, 2017, the Debt Issuance Program 
Prospectus dated September 11, 2018, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 13, 
2019 and the Debt Issuance Program dated September 10, 2020; 
(vi) any supplement to this Prospectus; 
(vii) the Guarantee. 
 
In the case of Notes listed on the official list of and admitted to trading on the regulated market or on the 
professional segment of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). In the case of Notes publicly offered in one or more member states of 
the European Economic Area other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be 
displayed on the website of BASF group (www.BASF.com).

--- Page 190 ---
190
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
The following documents which have been published or which are published simultaneously with this 
Prospectus and filed with the Commission shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Prospectus: 
(a) the published audited consolidated annual financial statements of BASF Group (English language 
version) dated December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019, in each case including the auditor's report 
thereon; 
(b) the published audited financial statements 2020 of BASF Finance as well as the auditor's report 
thereon and its published audited financial statements 2019 including the auditor's report thereon; 
(c) the published unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of BASF Group as of June 30, 2021; 
(d) the published unaudited interim financial statements as of June 30, 2021 of BASF Finance; 
(e) sets of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the Debt Issuance 
Program Prospectus dated September 14, 2012, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated 
September 11, 2013, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 16, 2014, the Debt 
Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 12, 2016, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus 
dated September 11, 2017, the Supplement dated October 30, 2017, the Debt Issuance Program 
Prospectus dated September 11, 2018, the Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 13, 
2019, the Debt Issuance Program dated September 10, 2020 and the Supplement dated April 1, 2021. 
 
All 
of 
these 
documents 
are 
published 
and 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
BASF 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors.html. 
Cross-reference list of Documents incorporated by Reference 
 
Page 
Section of 
Prospectus 
Document incorporated by reference 
24 
BASF 
Group, 
Financial 
Information 
Financial Report 2020 of BASF Group 
(p. 212 – p. 312) 
 
Consolidated balance sheet (p. 224 – p. 225) 
 
Consolidated statement of income (p. 222) 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (p. 226) 
 
Notes (p. 228 – p. 312) 
 
Auditors' report (p. 214 – p. 221) 
https://report.basf.com/2020/en/servicepages/downloads/files/basf-report-2020-
basf-ar20.pdf  
 
 
Financial Report 2019 of BASF Group 
(p. 185 – p. 289) 
 
Consolidated balance sheet (p. 197 – p. 198) 
 
Consolidated statement of income (p. 194) 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (p. 199) 
 
Notes (p. 201 – p. 289) 
 
Auditors' report (p. 187 – p. 193) 
https://report.basf.com/2019/en/servicepages/downloads/files/BASF_Report_2019.
pdf 
 
 
Interim First-Half-Results 2021 of BASF Group 
(p. 23 – p. 46) 
 
Balance Sheet (p. 25 - 26) 
 
Statement of Income (p. 23) 
 
Statement of Cash Flows (p. 27) 
 
Notes (p. 30 – p.46) 
https://report.basf.com/2021/q2/en/servicepages/downloads/files/entire-basf-hyr-
21.pdf

--- Page 191 ---
191
Page 
Section of 
Prospectus 
Document incorporated by reference 
62 
BASF 
Finance, 
Financial 
Information 
Financial Report 2020 of BASF Finance 
 
Balance Sheet (p. 10) 
 
Profit & Loss Account (p. 11) 
 
Cash Flow Statement (p. 12) 
 
Notes (p. 13 – p. 26) 
 
Auditors' Report (p. 29 – p. 33) 
https://www.basf.com/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/bonds/reports-basf-finance-europe-n-
v/BASF_Finance_Europe_NV_Annual-Report_2020.pdf  
 
 
Financial Report 2019 of BASF Finance 
 
Balance Sheet (p. 9) 
 
Profit & Loss Account (p. 10) 
 
Cash Flow Statement (p. 11) 
 
Notes (p. 12 – p. 28) 
 
Auditors' Report (p. 30 – p. 34) 
https://www.basf.com/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/bonds/reports-basf-finance-europe-n-
v/BASF_Finance_Europe_NV_Annual-Report_2019.pdf  
 
 
Semi-Annual Report 2021 of BASF Finance 
 
Balance Sheet (p. 9) 
 
Profit & Loss Account (p. 10) 
 
Cash Flow Statement (p. 11) 
 
Notes (p. 12 – p. 24) 
https://www.basf.com/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/bonds/reports-basf-finance-europe-n-v/BASF_Finance_Europe_NV_Semi-
Annual_2021.pdf  
65/106 
Sets of 
Terms and 
Conditions 
of the 
Notes 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 14, 2012 (p. 75 – p. 91 
(English language) and p. 108 – p. 126 (German language)) ("Option I A"); 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/creditor-relations/financing-strategy/debt-
issuance-program/base-prospectus-dip-2012.html 
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 11, 2013 (p. 78 – p. 95 
(English language) and p. 112 – p. 132 (German language)) ("Option I B"); 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/creditor-relations/financing-strategy/debt-
issuance-program/base-prospectus-dip-2013.html 
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 16, 2014 (p. 78 – p. 98 
(English language) and p. 115 – p. 139 (German language)) ("Option I C"); 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/creditor-relations/financing-strategy/debt-
issuance-program/base-prospectus-dip-2014.html 
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 12, 2016 (p. 79 – p. 99 
(English language) and p. 116 – p. 140 (German language)) ("Option I D"); 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/creditor-relations/financing-strategy/debt-
issuance-program/base-prospectus-dip-2016.html

--- Page 192 ---
192
Page 
Section of 
Prospectus 
Document incorporated by reference 
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 11, 2017 (p. 79 – p. 99 
(English language) and p. 116 – p. 140 (German language)) ("Option I E"); 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/creditor-relations/financing-strategy/debt-
issuance-program/base-prospectus-dip-2017.html 
- 
"4. Supplemental information pertaining to the section TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION" (p. 9 and 10) 
and "5. Supplemental information pertaining to the section TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES – GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION" (p. 10 – p. 11) 
contained in the First Supplement dated 30 October 2017; 
https://www.basf.com/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/financing-strategy/debt-issuance-
program/First_Supplement_BASF_DIP_2017.pdf 
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 11, 2018 (p. 85 – p. 106 
(English language) and p. 124 – p. 148 (German language)) ("Option I F"); 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/creditor-relations/financing-strategy/debt-
issuance-program/base-prospectus-dip-2018.html  
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 13, 2019 (p. 60 – p. 81 
(English language) and p. 101 – p. 125 (German language)) ("Option I G"). 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/creditor-relations/financing-strategy/debt-
issuance-program/base-prospectus-dip-2019.html
 
 
- 
set of Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates contained in the 
Debt Issuance Program Prospectus dated September 10, 2020 (p. 65 – p. 86 
(English language) and p. 106 – p. 130 (German language)) ("Option I H"). 
https://www.basf.com/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/financing-strategy/debt-issuance-
program/Base_Prospectus_BASF_DIP_2020.pdf 
- 
"III. Replacement information pertaining to the section "TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES (ENGLISH LANGUAGE VERSION)" (p. 14 – 15) 
and and "IV. Replacement information pertaining to the section "TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES (GERMAN LANGUAGE VERSION)" (p. 16 – 17) 
contained in the First Supplement dated 1 April, 2021  
https://www.basf.com/global/documents/en/investor-relations/creditor-
relations/financing-strategy/debt-issuance-
program/First_Supplement_BASF_DIP_2020.pdf  
 
Any information contained in the documents referred to above which is not listed in the cross-reference list 
above and, therefore not incorporated by reference, is either not relevant for investors of the Notes or 
covered elsewhere in the Prospectus.  
All 
of 
these 
documents 
are 
published 
and 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
BASF 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors.html. 
Availability of Documents 
Any document incorporated herein by reference can be obtained without charge at the offices of BASF 
and BASF Finance as set out at the end of this Prospectus. In addition, such documents will be available 
free of charge from the principal office in Luxembourg of Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. (the 
"Luxembourg Listing Agent") for Notes listed on the official list of and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and is published and available on the website of 
BASF https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors.html. 
The Articles of Association of BASF SE are published and availabale on the website 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/basf-at-a-glance/corporate-governance/statutes.html.

--- Page 193 ---
193
The Articles of Association of BASF Finance B.V. are published and availabale on the website 
https://www.basf.com/global/en/investors/creditor-relations/basf-bonds/reports-basf-finance-europe-n-
v.html.

--- Page 194 ---
194
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
THE ISSUERS 
BASF SE 
BASF Finance Europe N.V. 
Carl-Bosch-Str. 38 
Groningensingel 1 
67056 Ludwigshafen am Rhein 
6835 EA Arnhem 
Germany 
The Netherlands 
 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers as to German law 
Hengeler Mueller 
Partnerschaft von Rechtsanwälten mbB 
Bockenheimer Landstr. 24 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
To the Issuers as to Dutch law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1a 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 195 ---
195
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUERS 
For BASF SE 
For BASF Finance Europe N.V. 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
THE SQUAIRE  
Am Flughafen 
60549 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
BDO Audit & Assurance B.V. 
Krijgsman 9 
1186 DM Amstelveen 
P.O. Box 71730 
1008 DE Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
DEALERS 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Ciudad BBVA 
C/ Sauceda, 28 
Edificio Asia - 2nd Floor 
28050, Madrid 
Spain 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Edificio Encinar 
Avenida de Cantabria 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2, D02 RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France  
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
12, Place des États-Unis, CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
France 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, 
Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (Taunus Turm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany

--- Page 196 ---
196
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 1860312 Frankfurt am 
MainGermany 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077 XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
Ropemaker Place 
25 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9AJ 
United Kingdom 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
RBC Europe Limited 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Europe GmbH 
Neue Mainzer Str. 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Hausmann 
75009 Paris  
France 
UBS AG London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastr. 12 
81925 München 
Germany